--- Page 1 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
1 
 
 
 
Swiss Properties Invest A/S 
Initial public offering and admission of 
the shares to trading  
Prospectus 
 
Certified Adviser  
 
This EU growth prospectus has been prepared in connection with Swiss Properties Invest A/S’ offer of 
shares and the admission of the shares to trading on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Denmark. 
Nasdaq First North Growth Market is a registered SME growth market, in accordance with the Directive 
on Markets in Financial Instruments (EU 2014/65) as implemented in the national legislation of 
Denmark, Finland and Sweden, operated by an exchange within the Nasdaq group. Issuers on Nasdaq 
First North Growth Market are not subject to all the same rules as issuers on a regulated main market, 
as defined in EU legislation (as implemented in national law). Instead, they are subject to a less 
extensive set of rules and regulations adjusted to small growth companies. The risk in investing in an 
issuer on Nasdaq First North Growth Market may therefore be higher than investing in an issuer on the 
main market. All issuers with shares admitted to trading on Nasdaq First North Growth Market have a 
Certified Adviser who monitors that the rules are followed.  The respective Nasdaq exchange approves 
the application for admission to trading.

--- Page 2 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
2 
 
 
a public limited liability company incorporated in Denmark, registration no. 42741116 
Swiss Properties Invest A/S the “Company” is the corporate parent to a Swiss wholly owned 
subsidiary, Swiss Properties Invest AG, reg. no.: CHE 422.631.240, (collectively called “Swiss 
Properties Invest”). 
The Company acquires, operates, develops and optimises its portfolio of commercial 
properties in Switzerland with the purpose of generating shareholder value to its investors. 
Initial Public Offering of minimum 1,000,000 and maximum 2,000,000 Offer Shares 
Offer Price of DKK 107.50 per Offer Share 
 
This EU Growth Prospectus (the "Prospectus") has been prepared in connection with an 
application for admission to trading on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Denmark of the 
Company’s existing shares (the “Existing Shares”) as well as an initial public offering (the 
"Offering") of minimum 1,000,000 and a maximum of 2,000,000 new shares of nominally DKK 
100 each (the " Offer Shares"). The offer price is a fixed price (“Offer Price”) of DKK 107.50.    
The Company’s existing share capital constitutes 225,000 shares at a nominal value of DKK 
100 each. The new offer shares will be referred to as the “Offer Shares”. As used herein, 
“Shares” shall refer to all outstanding shares of the Company at any given time. The Shares 
have been sought to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq First North Growth Market, operated 
by Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S, subject to completion of the Offering, and compliance with 
Nasdaq First North Growth Market’s requirements for shareholder diversification as well as 
requirements for free float. 
The offer period (the “Offer Period”) is expected to begin on 21. June 2022 and end on 4. 
July 2022. The Offer Shares will be delivered electronically against payment under the 
temporary ISIN DK0061805744 to investors’ accounts with VP Securities A/S (“VP 
Securities”). The temporary ISIN will not be applied for trading on Nasdaq First North Growth 
Market but will only be registered in VP Securities for the purpose of subscribing for Offer 
Shares. The temporary ISIN will be merged with the permanent ISIN code. It is expected that 
delivery against cash payment of the Offer Shares will take place on or around 11. July 2022 
(the “Closing Date”). The first day of trading of the Offer Shares in the permanent ISIN is 
expected to be 14. July 2022.  
Prior to the Offering, the Offer Shares have not been publicly traded. The Company has applied 
for admission to trading for all Shares on Nasdaq First North Growth Market under the ticker 
“SWISS”. The Offer Shares will have the same rights as the Existing Shares and will rank pari 
passu in every respect. 
If a minimum of 1,000,000 Offer Shares are not subscribed during the subscription period, the 
Offering will not be completed. The Offering is not guaranteed, but prior to publication of this 
Prospectus, the Company has obtained subscription undertakings for a total of DKK 
130,470,815.00 from pre-subscribers (the “Pre-subscribers”). Pre-subscribers will be 
allocated the full amount of subscribed shares in connection with the allocation of Offer Shares.

--- Page 3 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
3 
 
1. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS 
o 
Information for investors  
This document has been prepared under Danish law in compliance with the requirements set 
out in the Consolidated Act No.1767 of 27 November 2020 on Capital Markets, as amended 
(the “Danish Capital Markets Act”) and Regulation (EU) no. 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). In 
addition the Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with applicable rules and 
requirements, as set out in the Nasdaq First North Growth Market - Rulebook dated 1. 
September 2019 and in the Market Abuse Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 596/2014). 
The Prospectus is not an offer, recommendation, or solicitation by the Company or the 
Company’s Certified Adviser for the purchase or subscription of Shares of the Company. 
Potential buyers of Shares in the Company must assess for themselves whether the 
information in the Prospectus is relevant, and any purchase must be based on the surveys that 
he or she deems necessary. 
The disclosure of the Prospectus and the Offering of the Offer Shares may be restricted by law 
in certain countries. Persons who come into possession of this Prospectus are encouraged by 
the Company and the Company’s Certified Adviser to obtain information about and observe 
such restrictions themselves. Investors should examine the legislation, including tax 
implications, that will be relevant prior to any acquisition of Offer Shares. 
No persons have been authorized to provide information regarding the Company other than 
that contained in the Prospectus. Such information may not be considered approved by the 
Company or the Company’s Certified Adviser. 
Disclosure of this Prospectus cannot be considered as an indication that there has been no 
change in the Company’s relationship after the Prospectus Date or that the information given 
in the Prospectus is correct at any time after the Prospectus Date. Essential information after 
the Prospectus Date will be published via a company announcement in accordance with the 
disclosure obligations. 
Potential investors, companies and advisers should be aware that investments in companies 
whose shares are admitted to trading on Nasdaq First North Growth Market may be riskier 
than investments in listed companies, as the companies are often smaller and more sensitive 
to external and internal influences. Likewise, liquidity, and the marketability of shares admitted 
to trading on Nasdaq First North Growth Market, may be more limited than when investing in 
listed shares.  
The Offering is subject to Danish law and any disputes relating to the Offering or this 
Prospectus must be decided in the Danish courts. 
In the event of significant new circumstances arising before the end of the subscription period, 
the Company will allow investors to withdraw subscription orders for a period of three trading 
days following the publication of a material new circumstance and, if this happens, to extend 
the subscription period accordingly if a material new circumstance is notified within the last two 
days of the subscription period.

--- Page 4 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
4 
 
o 
Especially for persons resident in jurisdictions outside Denmark: 
Only a public Offering is made in Denmark. The Prospectus has not been approved, registered, 
recommended, or rejected by any foreign supervisory or stock exchange authority, nor has 
any such authority made any statement or opinions on the Prospectus or The Offering, or on 
whether the Prospectus or The Offer is correct or complete. 
The Prospectus cannot and must not be considered as a recommendation by the Company 
that its recipients or readers should subscribe for or purchase Shares in the Company. The 
Company accepts no responsibility for acts taken in violation of these restrictions. The Offering 
is carried out solely in accordance with Danish law. 
o 
Certain information and forward-looking statements 
Risk factors 
See section 5. Risk Factors for a review of several non-exhaustive risks that management as 
of the date of the Prospectus consider to be the main known risks associated with the 
Company, including the execution of its growth plan, its markets and technology, and generally 
in connection with an investment in the Offer Shares. 
Forward-looking statements 
The Prospectus contains statements and estimates about management’s expectations for 
future conditions as well as future developments in the Company. Such statements and 
estimates of expectations for future conditions and developments include known and unknown 
risks and uncertainties and are based on several assumptions that may prove incorrect or may 
change. The Company’s actual future development, results, etc. may differ materially from the 
expectations and estimates etc. contained in the Prospectus. 
Market and Industry Information 
The Prospectus contains historical market data and industry expectations, including 
information regarding the size of some of the markets in which the Company operates. 
This information has been based on a variety of public sources as well as companies' websites 
and other publicly available information and is also based on the Company’s knowledge of the 
markets. The Company considers the sources to be reliable, but industry expectations and 
market analyses have not been independently verified by the Company and no assurance can 
be provided that this historical information is accurate. Industry and market expectations are 
inherently subject to considerable uncertainty and are in themselves sensitive to a number of 
external factors, such as general economic developments. There can be no assurance that 
any of the expectations will be met. It is therefore possible that the development of the 
Company’s activities differs from the market developments indicated in the Prospectus. The 
Company undertakes no obligation to update such information. Market statistics are subject to 
built-in uncertainty and do not necessarily reflect actual market conditions. Such statistics are 
based on market research, which in turn is based on sampling and subjective assessments. 
The Company confirms that information provided by third parties has been correctly 
reproduced and that, in the Company’s opinion, no facts have been omitted on the instructions 
published by third parties which may cause the information provided to be inaccurate or

--- Page 5 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
5 
 
misleading. Any reference to, or statement of, the Company’s competitive position is based on 
the Company’s own assessment and knowledge of the market in which the Company operates. 
o 
Investor relations 
The Company will continuously seek to have an open and continuous dialogue with its 
shareholders, potential investors, and the public. 
The Company will publish the status of the Company’s development in connection with the 
publication of the Company’s full- and interim reports, and the Company is continuously 
obliged to disclose relevant information about the Company and the information contained in 
Chapter 4 of the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Rulebook. 
The Company has an Investor Relation section on its website: swisspropertiesinvest.dk where 
company announcements etc. will be published. 
The Company’s Certified Adviser is: 
Baker Tilly Corporate Finance P/S 
Poul Bundgaards Vej 1 
DK 2500 Valby, Denmark 
Phone: +45 33 45 10 00 
o 
Financial calendar  
Half-yearly report  
30. September 2022 
Annual report   
14. April 2023 
Annual General Assembly 
28. April 2023

--- Page 6 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
6 
 
 
Table of contents 
1. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS 
3 
o 
Information for investors 
3 
o 
Especially for persons resident in jurisdictions outside Denmark: 
4 
o 
Certain information and forward-looking statements 4 
o 
Investor relations 
5 
o 
Financial calendar 
5 
2. 
SUMMARY 
11 
3. 
LIABILITY STATEMENT 
17 
o 
Liability Statement from the Board of Directors and Management 17 
4. 
KEY INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY 
18 
o 
Company Information 18 
o 
Reasons for the Offering and Use of Proceeds 
18 
o 
Advisors to the Company 
19 
o 
Company overview 
19 
o 
Business Strategy 
23 
o 
Business Operations and Activities 24 
o 
Market overview 
27 
o 
Future challenges and regulatory matters 
34 
o 
Corporate and organizational structure 
35 
o 
Investments 
36 
o 
Trend Information 
37 
o 
Profit forecasts 
37 
5. 
RISK FACTORS 
42 
o 
(A) Risk factors specific to the Company: 
42 
o 
(B) Risk factors specific to the shares of the Company: 
48

--- Page 7 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
7 
 
6. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 49 
o 
Type And Class Of The Shares 
49 
o 
Governing Law And Jurisdiction 
49 
o 
Registration Of Shares 
49 
o 
Currency 
49 
o 
Rights Attached To The Shares 
49 
o 
Resolutions, Authorisations And Approvals Of The Offering 50 
o 
Negotiability Of The Shares 51 
o 
Tax considerations 
51 
7. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
52 
o 
Expected Timetable Of The Offering 52 
o 
Terms Of The Offering 
52 
o 
Offer Period And Submission Of Applications To Subscribe 52 
o 
Allocation of Shares Subscribed 
53 
o 
Minimum And/Or Maximum Subscription Amounts 54 
o 
Withdrawal Of The Offering 54 
o 
Investors’ Withdrawal Rights 54 
o 
Payment And Registration Of The Offer Shares 
55 
o 
Publication Of The Result Of The Offering 
55 
o 
Subscription Undertakings 
55 
o 
Pricing 57 
o 
Underwriting And Settlement 57 
o 
Admission To Trading 57 
o 
Liquidity Provider 
57 
o 
Lock-Up Agreements 57 
o 
Dilution 
58

--- Page 8 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
8 
 
o 
Costs Related To The Offering 
59 
8. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
60 
o 
Board of Directors and Management team 60 
o 
Board Practices and Governance 
65 
o 
Statement on past records 
65 
o 
Other positions (re. Board of Directors) 
66 
o 
Remuneration and benefits 68 
9. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 70 
o 
P&L Key figures 
72 
o 
Comments on selected P&L Key figures 
72 
o 
Balance Sheet Figures 
73 
o 
Comments on selected balance sheet figures 
73 
o 
Cash flow statement 74 
o 
Comments on selected Cash Flow figures 
74 
o 
Developments since the last reported financial period 
74 
o 
Ongoing and upcoming significant investments 
74 
o 
Information about the auditor 74 
10. 
CAPITALIZATION, INDEBTEDNESS AND WORKING CAPITAL 75 
o 
Capitalization 75 
o 
Net indebtedness 
75 
o 
Working capital statement 
76 
11. 
LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
77 
o 
Related party transactions 
77 
o 
Material contracts 
80 
o 
GDPR 80 
o 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
81

--- Page 9 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
9 
 
12. 
SHARE CAPITAL AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE 
82 
o 
Existing shareholders 82 
o 
Current Ownership Structure 82 
o 
Share capital Information 
83 
o 
Articles of Association 84 
o 
Authorisation To Increase Capital 
84 
● 
Appendices 
85 
o 
Appendix 1: Articles of Association 85 
o 
Appendix 2: Owner and Company Structure 86 
o 
Appendix 3: Subscription form 
87 
o 
Glossary 
89 
o 
Addresses 
92

--- Page 10 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
10 
 
Documents incorporated by reference  
The documents listed below are incorporated by reference and should be read as part of the 
Prospectus. 
• 
Audited financial accounts for the period 8.10.2021-31.12.2021; referenced on page 
69 
• 
Articles of Association; referenced on page 83 
The documents incorporated by reference and other relevant documents regarding the 
Offering 
are 
available 
in 
electronic 
form 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website: 
www.swisspropertiesinvest.dk  
 
Third party information and expert statements 
 
This Prospectus contains statistics, data and other information relating to the Swiss economy 
and market. Unless otherwise indicated, such information is based on the Company’s analysis 
of public available information. Such information has been accurately reproduced, and, as far 
as the Company is aware from such information, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the information provided inaccurate or misleading. 
 
No statement or report has been drawn up by an expert on the request of the issuer. 
 
Besides the Company’s audited financial report for the Company’s first fiscal year (8.October 
2021 to 31.December 2021) and the unaudited, reviewed interim financial report for 1. January 
2022 to 31. March 2022, no information in this Prospectus has been reviewed or audited by 
the Company’s auditor.

--- Page 11 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
11 
 
2. SUMMARY 
1. INTRODUCTION 
 
1.1. Company 
name and 
ISIN of 
securities 
The Offer Shares of Swiss Properties Invest A/S are registered in the temporary ISIN DK0061805744 and the Existing Shares 
are registered in the permanent ISIN DK0061805660. Following the completion of the Offering, the temporary ISIN will be 
merged with the permanent ISIN DK0061805660. 
1.2. Identity, 
contact 
and LEI   
Swiss Properties Invest A/S 
Company registration (CVR) no. 42741116 
LEI code: 636700W3Y3309V1FFE44 
Schleppegrellsgade 8, kl., 2200 København N, Danmark; Phone: +45 52 40 71 52 
www.swisspropertiesinvest.dk 
1.3. Identity 
and 
contact 
details of 
the 
competent 
authority 
approving 
the 
Prospectus 
The Prospectus has been approved by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority as the competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
The address of the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority is Århusgade 110, 2100 Copenhagen E, Denmark, telephone number 
+45 33 55 82 82 and email: finanstilsynet@ftnet.dk. 
1.4. Date of 
Approval of 
EU Growth 
Prospectus 
16. June 2022 
1.5. Warnings 
This summary should be read as an introduction to the EU Growth Prospectus (“Prospectus”). Any decision to invest in the 
Offer Shares should be based on consideration of the Prospectus as a whole by the investor. The investor can lose all or part 
of the invested capital. Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Prospectus is brought before a court, the 
plaintiff investor may, under national law, have to bear the costs of translating the Prospectus before the legal proceedings are 
initiated.  
Civil liability is only applicable for the persons who submitted the summary, including any translation hereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus, or where it does 
not provide, when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus, key information in order to aid investors when considering 
whether to invest in the Offer Shares. 
 
2. KEY INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER  
 
2.1. Who is the 
issuer of 
the 
Securities? 
Swiss Properties Invest A/S (the Company) is a Danish public limited liability company with LEI: 636700W3Y3309V1FFE44 
incorporated in Denmark and operating under Danish law. Swiss Properties Invest A/S is the Danish holding company of 
wholly owned subsidiary Swiss Properties Invest AG. The purpose of Swiss Properties Invest AG is to own, operate, 
optimise, and develop a portfolio of attractive commercial properties for renting out commercial space in selected regions 
(cantons) in Switzerland with the aim of creating shareholder value to its investors. CEO of Swiss Properties Invest A/S is 
Kirsten Sillehoved. Current owner structure is illustrated below.

--- Page 12 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
12 
 
 
2.2. What is the 
key 
financial 
information 
regarding 
the issuer? 
Audited consolidated financial accounts for FY2021 including reviewed consolidated financial accounts for the first quarter of 
2022. 
 
 
Group
Group
Parent 
Parent 
01.01.22
01.01.22
31.03.22
31.03.22
Revenue
712,293
0
525,000
0
Gross Profit 
660,545
0
525,000
0
Operating profit / loss
267,199
-150,526
416,962
-88,522
Profit / loss for the year
72,729
-90,634
328,761
-20,581
Profit and Loss Statement Swiss Properties Invest A/S 
DKK 
2021
2021
Group
Group
Parent 
Parent 
DKK 
31.03.22
31.12.21
31.03.22
31.12.21
Total non-current assets
   65,343,579
717,6
21,523,462
709,582
Total current assets
     2,605,098
22,513,381
      1,402,775
21,834,837
Total assets
   67,948,677
23,230,981
    22,926,237
22,544,419
Total equity 
   22,692,311
22,417,055
    22,808,180
22,479,419
Total current liabilities 
   45,256,366
813,926
118,057
65,000
Total liabilities
   45,256,366
813,926
118,057
65,000
Total equity and liabilities  
   67,948,677
23,230,981
    22,926,237
22,544,419
Balance sheet Swiss Properties Invest A/S 
01.01.22
31.03.22
Profit for the year
72,729
-90,634
Cash flow s from operating activities before net financials
     2,781,968
295,375
Cash flow s from operating activities
     2,686,457
355,981
Cash flow  from investing activities
-  64,625,979
-717,600
Cash flow  from financing activities
   41,655,875
22,500,000
Total cash flow for the period 
-  20,283,647
22,138,381
Cash beginning of period 
22,138,381
0
Cash end of period 
     1,854,734
    22,138,381
2021
Consolidated cash flow statement Swiss Properties Invest A/S 
DKK

--- Page 13 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
13 
 
2.3. What are 
the key 
risks that 
are specific 
to the 
issuer?  
Risks related to execution of the Company’s strategy   
The Company’s purpose and strategic intention is to create shareholder value through renting out commercial properties owned 
by the Company’s subsidiary, Swiss Properties Invest AG, by making a profit through optimization of the maintenance, 
development and cost efficiency of operating the properties, resulting in a value appreciation of the properties and ultimately 
increasing the market value of the Company. 
There is a risk that the Company is not able to fulfill its strategy, as the value of the Company will be linked to current earnings 
as well as to the general economic development and development in the interest rate level relating to the real estate market, 
since commercial properties are priced according to potential earnings, the general interest rate level, investor’s required rate 
of return and tax rates.  
Risks related to rental income   
Swiss Properties Invest AG’s rental income depends on the individual tenant's ability to pay and to comply with the contractual 
obligations in the form of payment of rent and to prudently maintain the leased premise as such constitute risks. The aim for 
the acquired commercial properties is to be fully let. Upon acquisition of the properties in question, there is a risk that the tenant 
in question wants to terminate the lease, which will reduce the income of the Company. 
There may be risks associated with index adjustment of the rent. Low inflation may result in lower rent regulation affecting rental 
income negatively. 
Risk related to maintenance and improvement needs   
Swiss Properties Invest AG sets aside proportionate amount of funds for the ongoing and future maintenance of the commercial 
properties, which the Management Team considers to be sufficient. In connection with an acquisition of a commercial property, 
a thorough due diligence, including, but not limited to, a technical due diligence, is carried out to minimize the risks associated 
with unforeseen costs in relation to defects and improvement needs of the properties acquired. 
As part of the due diligence, environmental conditions regarding land and building components are investigated and there may 
be risks associated with such environmental conditions, in the event that environmental damage later occurs on the real estate 
property and/or the plot and if the seller has not issued a guarantee in this regard, and if the relevant authorities cannot later 
impose liability on the seller or previous owner of the property, regardless of guilt or knowledge.  
Further, investment needs may arise because of the general condition of the real estate property, tenants moving out, technical 
conditions and public requirements, which ultimately may affect the Company's overall financial performance. 
Risks related to increasing costs 
Increasing costs relating to the operation and maintenance of the commercial properties owned by Swiss Properties Invest AG, 
including increased taxes, duties and maintenance costs, will reduce the earnings on the individual properties and thus the 
market value of the commercial properties, unless these costs can be transferred to the tenants rent. 
E.g., increases in material prices and/or craftsman costs beyond the ordinary price development can lead to an unforeseen 
increase in the costs of e.g., the maintenance and improvement of the real estate property. In the event of increased costs 
associated with operating and maintaining of the commercial properties, such increased costs cannot be transferred to the 
tenants rent, thus, this will reduce the earnings of the real estate property to a greater or lesser degree. Such reductions may 
have a negative impact on the market value of the commercial property and ultimately the Company's overall market value. 
The Management Team considers the risks related to increasing costs as low, since the Company’s focus is to acquire larger 
real estate properties with many units in order to keep operating costs at a low level. 
Capital structure related risks   
In connection with the acquisition of the commercial properties, Swiss Properties Invest AG intends to take out loans from local 
Swiss banks, as Swiss Properties Invest AG is financing the acquisition of a property with a combination of equity and debt. 
Financing the properties through such loans is expected to increase the market value of the properties and thus the market 
value of the Company.  
Debt financing is expected to be in the level of 65 % to 70 % of the acquisition price for a given commercial property and will 
be provided by a range of selected local Swiss banks. The Company has received positive statements from the local Swiss 
banks on financing of commercial properties. 
There is a risk that Swiss Properties Invest AG cannot obtain the expected level of debt financing, and the debt financing is on 
terms being more costly to Swiss Properties Invest AG than anticipated. This may ultimately affect the Company’s overall 
financial position and performance. 
The Management Team considers the risks related to obtaining the necessary debt financing as low, since the Company, 
through its founders has long standing relationships with the local banks, and since the Company has several financing 
alternatives readily available. 
Interest rate risk   
As the interest rate is not hedged at present, there is a significant interest rate risk for Swiss Properties Invest AG. Increasing 
interest rates will lead to more expensive financing costs, which may ultimately have an adverse effect on the Company’s overall 
financial performance. 
Swiss Properties Invest AG’s current debt financing of a total of approx. CHF 5.75 million, raised for financing of Swiss 
Properties Invest AG’s currently owned commercial property, has a variable interest rate. Thus, an interest rate risk exists, and 
is by the Management Team considered to be moderate, as the financial markets are influenced by the Russian invasion of

--- Page 14 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
14 
 
 
Ukraine as per the Prospectus Date. 
Exchange rate risk   
Swiss Properties Invest AG’s assets are acquired in Swiss Francs (CHF), and the loans referred to above are issued in CHF in 
order to minimize the exchange rate risk. 
Swiss Properties Invest AG’s operating income and the majority of the operating and financing costs are also in CHF.  
The Company's equity is calculated in DKK. The Company's income, expenses and remaining balance are received and 
calculated in CHF. The value of the Company's equity may therefore be affected by a depreciation of CHF against DKK. The 
exchange risk is by the Management Team considered to be low, given the strength of the Swiss economy. 
Liquidity risk   
Liquidity risk relates to Swiss Properties Invest AG’s ability to generate liquidity to finance the operations and development of 
the commercial properties as well as the operations of the Company.  
Such risk may include, but is not limited to, the tenant of the real estate properties default in servicing their payment obligations, 
vacant space or non-payment of other of Swiss Properties Invest AG’s receivables.  
In relation to the debt financing, there is a risk that the loans will be terminated by the banks in the event that Swiss Properties 
Invest AG breaches its loan agreements. In such event, Swiss Properties Invest AG will depend on obtaining sufficient liquidity 
elsewhere in order to repay the loan within a given time frame. 
Swiss Properties Invest AG’s default of loans may be due to the Swiss Properties Invest AG 's activities not bringing in the 
expected liquidity, which may be due to extraordinary vacancy, late rent payments from tenants or bankruptcy of the tenants. 
Swiss Properties Invest AG will when investing in a property as a rule, only take out loans that cannot be terminated by the 
lender unless the loan is defaulted on the part of Swiss Properties Invest AG. 
Refinancing and repayment risk   
Swiss Properties Invest AG’s debt financing is expected to be raised with a term of 3 to 5 years, and there will be a risk 
associated with it when refinancing is required. If the refinancing is carried out on unfavorable terms, the market value of the 
commercial properties at the time of refinancing could therefore deviate from that specified in the forecast, cf. section [Profit 
Forecasts]. 
To the extent that Swiss Properties Invest AG’s lenders require certain financial targets, such as a given solvency ratio, to be 
met by Swiss Properties Invest AG, and Swiss Properties Invest AG is unable to meet such financial targets, there may be a 
repayment risk which may ultimately affect the Company’s overall financial position. 
 
3. KEY INFORMATION ON THE SECURITIES 
 
3.1. What are 
the main 
features of 
the 
securities? 
The Offer Shares in Swiss Properties Invest A/S are ordinary shares. The Offer Shares will be registered in a temporary ISIN 
DK 0061805744 and the Existing Shares will be registered in the permanent ISIN DK0061805660. Following the completion of 
the Offering, the temporary ISIN will be merged with the permanent ISIN code. 
 
The shares are denominated in DKK. The share capital amounts to nominally DKK 22,500,000 and the number of shares in 
Swiss Properties Invest A/S amounts to 225,000 before the Offering. All shares are issued and fully paid up. The nominal value 
of each share is DKK 100. 
 
The Company has one class of shares. All Shares, including the Offer Shares issued in connection with the Offering, will have 
the same rights and rank pari passu in respect of, inter alia, voting rights, pre-emption rights, redemption, conversion and 
restrictions or limitations according to the Articles of Association of the Company or eligibility to receive dividends or proceeds 
in the event of dissolution and liquidation. The potential loss for shareholders in Swiss Properties Invest A/S is limited to the 
invested capital. 
 
There are no restrictions to the transferability of the shares in the Company and the Articles of Association contains no 
restrictions regarding the transferability of the Shares. 
 
The Company’s ability to pay dividends will depend, among other things, on its financial condition, working capital requirements, 
and the availability of distributable profits and reserve and cash available, and other factors that the Board of Directors may 
deem relevant. The Company has no intention to pay dividends in the coming years. The Company is in a growth phase and 
intends to reinvest any profit in activities to continue the growth. Dividends are decided by the Annual General Meeting following 
a proposal from the Board of Directors.

--- Page 15 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
15 
 
3.2. Where will 
the 
securities 
be traded? 
Application has been made for the Shares to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq First North Growth Market under the ticker 
“SWISS”. Nasdaq First North Growth Market is a multilateral trading facility (MTF). The admission is subject to, among other 
things, Nasdaq Copenhagen’s approval of the distribution of the Shares, the Offering not being withdrawn prior to the settlement 
of the Offering, and the Company making an announcement to that effect. Assuming admission to trading, trade in the Shares 
is expected to begin 14. July 2022. 
3.3. Guarantee 
attached to 
the 
securities  
There is no subscription guarantee attached to the Offer Shares.  
3.4. What are 
the key 
risks that 
are specific 
to the 
securities? 
Risk of dilution 
The Company may decide to raise additional capital in the future in order to pursue growth opportunities, acquire additional 
commercial properties, invest in current business ventures, or for other purposes deemed relevant and necessary by the Board 
of Directors. In its pursuit to raise additional capital, the Company may decide to issue additional equity, which may result in 
dilution of the shareholders.  
Unsecured subscription undertakings 
The Company has obtained subscription undertakings for a total of DKK 130,470,815.00 in share value from Pre-subscribers, 
corresponding to 121.4 % of the Offering in the event that the minimum number of Offer Shares is sold, and 60.7 % of the 
Offering in the event that the maximum number of Offer Shares is sold. No compensation will be given to the Pre-subscribers 
for the undertaking, and the pre-subscription occurs on equal terms and conditions offered to investors in the subscription 
period. The subscription undertaking is not secured by blocked funds or pledge of collateral, bank guarantee, or similar 
arrangement. 
Future Dividends 
The Company’s ability to pay dividends will depend, among other things, on its financial condition, working capital requirements 
and the availability of distributable profits and reserve and cash available, and other factors as the Board of Directors may deem 
relevant. The Company has no intention to pay dividends in the coming years, as the Company’s strategy is to reinvest any 
profit in existing and potential additional commercial properties aggregating the value of the commercial properties and hence 
the market value of the Company. However, future payments of dividends must be decided by the Annual General Meeting 
following a proposal from the Board of Directors. 
4. KEY INFORMATION ON THE OFFER OF SECURITIES TO THE PUBLIC   
4.1. Under 
which 
conditions 
and 
timetable 
can I invest 
in this 
security? 
The Offering consist of a minimum of 1,000,000 and a maximum of 2,000,000 Offer Shares. The Offer Shares consist of a 
minimum of 1,000,000 and a maximum of 2,000,000 new shares. 
Offer Price   
The Offer Price is DKK 107.50 per Offer Share. The Offer Price has been set by the Board of Directors based on a 
comprehensive valuation methodology with consideration of in particular the value of the Company’s assets, the Company’s 
risk profile, the Company’s future cash flow generation, and the Board of Directors’ and the Management’s expectations for 
future growth and earnings potential. 
Submission of subscription application 
The Offer Shares may be subscribed by electronic underwriting order or by submitting the attached subscription form to the 
Investor's own account-holding financial institution or by placing an electronic subscription order via Nordnet AB's Danish 
website: www.nordnet.dk. 
For orders to be accepted, the application must be submitted to the investor’s own account holding bank in due time to allow 
the investor’s own account holding bank to process and forward the application to ensure that it is in the possession of Jyske 
Bank no later than 4. July 2022 at 23:59 (CET). 
A minimum of 75 shares offered must be subscribed, corresponding to DKK 8,062.50 per subscription order.  Applications 
should be made for a fixed amount of Offer Shares or for an aggregate amount rounded to the nearest Danish krone amount. 
Only one application from each account in VP securities may be submitted. If more than one application is submitted from the 
same account, the financial advisors reserve the right to consider only the largest application valid. 
Reduction of subscription ordersIn the event the Offering is oversubscribed, the following reductions will be made: 
• 
With respect to applications for amounts of up to and including DKK 250,000, reductions will be made mathematically; 
and 
• 
With respect to applications for amounts of more than DKK 250,000, individual allocations will be made. 
Applications to subscribe for shares in the Offering may not result in an allocation of shares should the Offering be 
oversubscribed 
Expected timetable of the Offering

--- Page 16 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
16 
 
 
 
The Offer Period starts                                                                                
21. June 2022 09:00 (CET) 
The Offer Period ends                                                                                 
4. July 2022 23:59 (CET) 
Announcement of result                                                                              
6. July 2022 12:00 (CET) 
Settlement of Offer Shares                                                                          
11. July 2022 
Registration of the new shares with the Danish Business Authority            
12. July 2022 
First day of trading on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Denmark           
14. July 2022 
 
Plan for distribution 
The shares will be distributed by the settlement agent Jyske Bank and selling agent Nordnet. 
Investors with accounts at Nordnet may submit their application through Nordnet’s website. The application can be submitted 
until the end of the Offer Period 4. July 2022. To retain the right to allotment, investors must ensure they have the required cash 
or cash equivalent available in the account in the period from 4. July 2022 until the settlement day on 11. July 2022. Terms and 
conditions are available on Nordnet’s website, www.nordnet.dk. 
Dilution resulting from the Offering 
The issue of Offer Shares will increase the total amount of shares in the Company to 2,225,000 in the event that the maximum 
number of Offer Shares is sold; and to 1,225,000 in the event that the minimum number of Offer Shares is sold. Following the 
completion of the Offering, the Existing Shares will make up 10.1 % and 18.4 % respectively of the Company’s total share 
capital. 
Estimated expenses of the Offering 
The estimated expenses and fees are approximately DKK 16 million, provided the Offering is completed with a full subscription 
for the Offer Shares. 
4.2. Why is this 
EU Growth 
prospectus 
being 
produced?  
Use of proceeds 
Upon completion of the Offering, and if the maximum number of Offer Shares is sold, the Company will receive gross proceeds 
of DKK 215 million, and if the minimum number of Offer Shares is sold, gross proceeds of DKK 107,5 million, prior to the costs 
related to the Offfering, which are estimated to be DKK 16 million and DKK 10 million, respectively. 
The capital raised from the issuance of the Offer Shares will be used to pursue the strategy and objectives of the Company, 
being to acquire, operate and develop commercial properties to rent out commercial space. The net proceeds from the Offering 
of Offer Shares is expected to be allocated as follows: 
• 
98 % to acquire commercial properties 
• 
2 % to fund working capital requirements 
Conflict of interest 
To the knowledge of the Board of Directors, there are no existing or potential conflicts of interests between the duties to the 
Company, Management Team, or the Board of Directors and their private interest or other duties. 
To the knowledge of the Board of Directors, there are no arrangements or understandings with major shareholders, customers, 
suppliers or other individuals to which any person in the Management Team or Board of Directors was employed or appointed. 
Baker Tilly Corporate Finance and Nordnet AB have agreed a compensation for their services in connection with the Offering. 
In addition, the Company has obtained subscription undertakings for a total of DKK 130,470,815.00 in share value from Pre-
subscribers, corresponding to 121.4 % of the Offering in the event that the minimum number of Offer Shares is sold, and 60.7 
% of the Offering in the event that the maximum number of Offer Shares is sold. In addition to that, there is no financial or other 
interests in the Offering. 
In the Offering, the following subscriptions of Shares will be made by members of the Board of Directors and the Management 
Teams, and thus have an economic interest in the Offering: 
1) Swiss Property Ventures AG, ultimately owned by Keld Østergaard (50%) and Martin A. Märki (50%), CEO and CFO 
respectively in Swiss Properties Invest AG, 100% owned subsidiary of the Company; 31.250 shares pre-subscribed. 
2) Chairman of the Board, Thorbjørn Graarud; 20.000 shares pre-subscribed, of which 6,975 shares will be held by LTG Norway 
AS, jointly owned with his wife Lise Graarud 
3) Kiropraktor Sillehoved Holding ApS, ultimately owned by Kirsten Sillehoved, CEO; 51.163 shares pre-subscribed

--- Page 17 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
17 
 
3. LIABILITY STATEMENT 
o 
Liability Statement from the Board of Directors and Management  
We declare that, to the best of our knowledge, the information provided in the Prospectus is 
accurate and that, to the best of our knowledge, the Prospectus is not subject to any omissions 
that may serve to distort the picture the Prospectus is to provide, and that all relevant 
information in the minutes of Board meetings, auditors’ records and other internal documents 
is included in the  Prospectus. 
Furthermore, we declare that this Prospectus has been approved by the Danish Financial 
Supervisory Authority as the competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The 
Danish Financial Supervisory Authority only approves this Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility, and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is 
the subject of this Prospectus, and investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Offer Shares. The Prospectus has been drawn up as part of an 
EU Growth prospectus in accordance with article 15 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
 
Copenhagen, 16. June 2022 
Board of Directors, Swiss Properties Invest A/S 
 
 
Thorbjørn Graarud1, 
Chairman 
 
Christian Seidelin2, 
Board member 
 
Kirsten Sillehoved3, 
Board member 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Team, Swiss Properties Invest A/S 
 
 
Kirsten Sillehoved, 
CEO 
 
 
 
1 Professional board member  
2 Professional board member  
3 CEO of Swiss Properties Invest A/S

--- Page 18 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
18 
 
4. KEY INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY 
o 
Company Information 
The Company is registered as Swiss Properties Invest A/S with the Danish Business Authority 
under CVR no.42741116 and is a Danish public limited liability company incorporated in 
Denmark and operating under Danish law. (LEI: 636700W3Y3309V1FFE44). 
Date of incorporation: 8th October 2021 (length of life: 8 months and 8 days);  
Swiss Properties Invest A/S is domiciled at Schleppegrellsgade 8, DK 2200 Copenhagen N, 
Denmark. Phone: +45 52 40 71 52 
Website: www.swisspropertiesinvest.dk. The information on Swiss Properties Invest A/S’ 
website is not a part of the Prospectus unless incorporated into the Prospectus by reference. 
o 
Reasons for the Offering and Use of Proceeds 
The primary reason behind the Offering is to get access to additional capital using the proceeds 
from the Offering to acquire additional commercial properties in line with the purpose and 
strategy of the Company, see section [Purpose and objectives of the Company]. 
The Company’s expected net proceeds of DKK 199 million, if the maximum number of Offer 
Shares is sold, and DKK 97.5 million, if the minimum number of Offer Shares is sold, together 
with the Company’s expected earnings in subsequent years, are expected to be used for the 
following: 
AMOUNT IN DKK 
FUND USAGE 
% OF NET PROCEEDS 
195 million, if maximum 
number of Offer Shares sold; 
95.5 million, if minimum 
number of Offer Shares sold 
Acquisition of commercial 
properties 
Ca. 98 % 
4 
million, 
if 
maximum 
number of Offer Shares sold; 
2 million, if minimum number 
of Offer Shares sold 
General 
working 
capital 
funds 
Ca.  2 % 
In connection with the acquisition of properties, the Company via Swiss Properties Invest AG 
intends to take out loans from local Swiss banks, as the Company intends to finance the 
acquisition of a property with a combination of equity and debt. Financing the properties 
through such loans and with the level of such debt financing obtainable being as high as 
possible, is expected to increase the market value of the properties and thus the market value 
of the Company. 
Debt financing is expected to be in the level of 65 % to 70 % of the purchase price for a given 
property and will be provided by a range of selected local Swiss banks. The Company has 
received positive statements from the local Swiss banks on financing of the properties.

--- Page 19 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
19 
 
o 
Advisors to the Company 
In connection with the Offering, Baker Tilly Corporate Finance acts as financial advisor, Jyske 
Bank acts as settlement and issuing agent, Nordnet AB acts as selling agent, and Adv. Fa. 
Galst and Elmann Advokatpartnerselskab act as legal advisers. 
Beierholm Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab acts as auditing firm for Swiss 
Properties Invest A/S and has audited the consolidated financial accounts for first fiscal 
period: 8.10.21-31.12.21 and reviewed the interim financial statements of Swiss Properties 
Invest A/S for the period 01.01.22 - 31.03.22. Apart from this, no information in this 
Prospectus has been reviewed or audited by the Company’s auditor. 
o 
Company overview 
Background 
Being founded, managed and operated by the founders and key resources behind Swiss 
Property Ventures AG, the Company has been established to give both private and 
professional investors the opportunity to invest in commercial properties in Switzerland based 
on the founders more than 15 years of experience with acquiring and operating commercial 
properties in Switzerland. 
Swiss Property Ventures AG was founded by Keld Østergaard and Martin A. Märki in 2014, 
but the activities and experience from investing in Switzerland dates back to 2006: 
YEAR 
MAIN EVENT 
DESCRIPTION 
2006 
First investments in 
Switzerland 
Keld Østergaard made his first investment in the Swiss real estate 
market by co-establishing Swiss Property Partners AG (SPP) 
together with Martin A. Märki. 
2009 
Establishing “Doctors 
Club” 
Keld Østergaard establishes “Doctors’ Club”, a network for private 
investors, to introduce primarily Danish clinic owners to investing 
in Swiss real estate. 
2011 - 
2013 
Mezzanine 
loans 
introduced 
 
To optimise the level of external financing, private mezzanine 
loans of 3 - 5 years duration are introduced in addition to bank 
financing.  
This is further optimised in 2013 introducing a "seller’s mezzanine 
loan" where the seller of the property participates in the financing 
2014 
Additional investment 
companies 
Established Swiss Property Co-investors AG and Swiss Property 
Ventures AG. 
2019 
Latest 
investment 
company 
Established Swiss Property Apex AG.

--- Page 20 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
20 
 
And re-organised part of project management placing property 
and company management team in Swiss Property Management 
AG 
2020 
Re-organising 
the 
group 
Further re-organization of project management by placing 
financial management in Swiss Property Advice & Finance AG.  
2021 
Project #50 
Investing in commercial property project number #50 in 
Switzerland 
2021 
q4 
Establishing 
Swiss 
Properties Invest A/S  
Swiss Properties Invest A/S and Swiss Properties Invest AG are 
established and up to DKK 22.5 million has been raised to acquire 
the first property. 
2022 
q12 
The 
Offering 
and 
admittance to trading 
of Swiss Properties 
Invest A/S 
The Company has applied for an initial public offering (the 
Offering) and admittance to trading of the Shares of the Company 
on Nasdaq First North Growth Market in Q1/Q2 2022 depending 
on approval from Nasdaq Copenhagen. 
Immediately following the admittance to trading, Swiss Properties 
Invest will acquire additional commercial properties according to 
the business strategy described below. 
Swiss Property Partners AG (SPP), Swiss Co. Reg. No.: CHE-112.818.568: Making property 
investment projects - i.e., finding and combining properties, company and investors and the 
financing of the property/properties into investment projects, managing, maintaining, operating 
and developing the property/ies on behalf of the investors with the aim to increase earnings 
and the value of the properties, and without an objective to sell. 
An investment project typically consists of a company owned by a group of maximum 10 
investors, and that company owning one (or more) property/ies. Current investment projects: 
24.  
Ultimate owners of SPP are Keld Østergaard (34 % ownership), Martin A. Märki (33 % 
ownership) and Thomas Abegg (33 % ownership). 
Swiss Property Apex AG; Swiss Co. Reg. No.: CHE-457.900.593: Same purpose and activity 
as SPP: Current investment projects 4. Ultimate owners with each having 33.33% of the share 
capital: Keld Østergaard, Martin A. Märki and Frank Weyermann. 
Swiss Property Co-investors AG; Swiss Co. Reg. No.: CHE-340.396.591: Same purpose and 
activity as SPP: Current investment projects 13. Ultimate owners are Keld Østergaard (34 % 
ownership), Martin A. Märki (33 % ownership) and Roland Gantner (33 % ownership). 
Swiss Property Ventures AG: Swiss Co. Reg. No.: CHE-161.875.413. Same purpose and 
activity as SPP: Current projects: 7. Ultimate owners with each having 50% of the share capital: 
Keld Østergaard and Martin A. Märki.

--- Page 21 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
21 
 
In all investment projects, the above-named companies always invest alongside the other 
investors. The group of companies above have so far targeted properties for the investment 
projects with a purchase price ideally at the level CHF 6 million, and fully let at the time of the 
purchase. 
As described below under [Purpose and objectives of the Company] Swiss Properties Invest 
targets properties with a value range of CHF 5 million and up to CHF 30 million. 
In addition to the main activity of establishing and managing the investment projects, Swiss 
Property Ventures AG also render certain services to all investment projects in the group, 
through its wholly owned subsidiaries: 
• 
Swiss Property Advice & Finance AG; Swiss Co. Reg. No.: CHE-397.855.188: 
Management of financial relationships with banks and private loan givers on behalf of 
the property investment projects. Includes safeguarding compliance with money 
laundering laws (AML) and ‘know your customer’ regulations (KYC). 
• 
Swiss Property Management AG; Swiss Co. Reg. No.: CHE-484.011.046: 
Management of properties and companies on behalf of the property investment 
projects. Property management servicing the tenants and taking care of the property 
maintenance and renewal. Company management includes relationship management 
of investors, company registering, providing secretarial services and administration, 
accounting control and paying invoices, undertaking the bookkeeping and budgeting, 
prepare and submit VAT/tax declarations, prepare for yearly audit, conducting 
cooperate governance related tasks such as board meetings and general assembly, 
updating shareholders’ book and issuing share certificates. 
• 
Swiss Solar Ventures AG; Swiss Co. Reg. No.: CHE-244.269.06: Providing solar panel 
projects as well as CO2 neutral or optimised heating systems and projects to owners 
of Swiss real estate and their tenants. The services include a.o. the following: project 
planning, seeking permissions, project financing, commercial agreements with real 
estate owners, local electricity provider and continuous project/installation 
management & administration. 
Swiss Property Ventures AG owns 17.8 % of the shares in Swiss Properties Invest A/S, at the 
time of the date of the Prospectus; see section 12 [Share Capital and Ownership Structure] for 
further information about the owner structure of the Company before and after the completion 
of the Offering. Swiss Property Ventures AG is, as mentioned above, equally owned by the 
two founders of the Company, Keld Østergaard and Martin A. Märki, and renders a limited 
range of ad hoc services to the Company, see section [Related Party Transactions] for more 
information. 
See appendix 2 for an illustration of the owner and company structure related to the Company. 
The more than 15 years of experience by the founders behind Swiss Property Ventures AG 
has so far resulted in: 
o 52 Swiss property investment projects completed 
o 46 Swiss properties acquired 
o CHF 310 million in total acquisition volume reached (ca. DKK 2.2 billion) 
The performance of these projects has, according to the Management Team, so far been very 
good. When looking at the portfolio of projects that will be most similar to the properties to be 
acquired by the Company, i.e. properties with a purchase price above CHF 5 million, and with

--- Page 22 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
22 
 
more than 10 years (on average 12.6 years) being part of the Swiss Property Ventures AG 
portfolio, the total return on the investment (where the return is defined as the accumulated 
profit paid-out plus the value appreciation of each individual property) is so far c. 300 %, 
corresponding to a simple average rate of return of c. 24.0 % per year. Adding the potential 
currency gain, the total return would exceed c. 420 % corresponding to a simple average rate 
of return of more than 33.0 % per year (applying an exchange rate of DKK 7.10 to CHF 1.00). For 
comparison purposes this corresponds to compounded annual growth rates after company tax 
of c. 11.6% and c.14.0% respectively. 
The return on investment in the projects completed is amongst other things a result of 
dedicated efforts towards bringing down the idle space in the properties owned. As of January 
2022, the overall vacancy rate in all the current projects initiated and managed by Swiss 
Property Ventures AG, as mentioned above, is approximately 10.000 m2 out of a total of 
115.000 m2 equivalent to 8.7 %. Three off the properties out of the 46 was acquired with 
extensive idle space (being part of the investment strategy in these projects). Removing these 
three properties from the calculation, then the vacancy rate is 4.3 %, which, according to the 
Management Team, is significantly lower than what is typically seen in the market. 
On this background, Swiss Properties Invest has been established to take advantage of the 
many years of experience, resources, capabilities, and business network build up by the team. 
The Purpose and objectives of the Company: 
The object of the Company is – directly or indirectly via shareholdings in other companies to 
own, operate, optimise and develop a portfolio of attractive commercial properties for renting 
out commercial space in selected regions (cantons) in Switzerland with the aim of creating 
shareholder value to its investors through  
- 
increasing the value of the existing properties over the long term by optimizing the 
operations aiming at lowering costs and developing the properties to increase rental 
income resulting in increased earnings. 
- 
re-investing profit generated in more properties, increasing overall rental income and 
- 
accumulating ever more value based on increasing profits and value appreciation. 
The Company’s primary market is Switzerland being one of the world’s strongest and most 
stable economies. 
Commercial properties are in this context properties that offer space primarily used for 
commercial activities, such as office space, clinics, advisory services, warehousing and 
production of goods and services. 
At time of the Offering, Swiss Properties Invest AG owns one property acquired 1. January 
2022, described in section [Investments], and intends to own 6 to 8 properties with a combined 
value of around DKK 560 million within the first 1 to 2 years. 
Through reinvesting earnings, it is furthermore the objective to acquire additional properties in 
2027, 2031, 2034, 2037 and 2040. 
Through the Offering and admittance to trading on Nasdaq First North Growth Market, it is the 
objective of Swiss Properties Invest A/S to offer investors an attractive investment opportunity

--- Page 23 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
23 
 
- 
that is for the many, i.e., not requiring a minimum investment by the individual investor 
of DKK 750,000. 
- 
that makes it possible for the individual investor to enter (acquire shares) and/or exit 
(sell shares) at the discretion of the individual investor, at a lower transaction cost if the 
investor was invested directly in a property. 
- 
that makes it possible to invest in an asset (commercial property) in a stable and strong 
economy (Switzerland). 
- 
that makes it possible, as an individual investor, to diversify his/her investment, as the 
Company will operate a portfolio of different properties. 
- 
and with real estate stocks typically following the cyclical trend, but often seen as being 
more defensive (meaning that in periods with economic downturn, real estate stocks 
typically fall less than other stocks), being able as investor to achieve an additional risk-
reducing effect. 
In addition, the admittance to trading combined with the Offering will make it possible, due to 
a stronger capitalization of Swiss Properties Invest A/S, to acquire properties at price levels 
higher than what Swiss Property Ventures AG and other companies within the group normally 
has acquired. The aim is to acquire properties with values ranging from CHF 5 million up to 
CHF 30 million. This should give ground for a higher level of cost efficiency and higher level of 
profitability. See also section [Business Strategy] below. 
Based on this the objective of the Company is to provide the investors with a highly attractive 
return on investment through maximizing and reinvesting earnings from a portfolio of 6 to 8 
Swiss commercial properties carefully selected, managed and operated by the Company. 
Investing in properties is about long-term stable value creation and a key component of this 
value creation is to optimise the existing properties and to re-invest in more properties using 
the excess positive cash flow alongside the opportunity to fund further acquisitions by 
refinancing the current portfolio of properties. 
Swiss Properties Invest A/S aims to provide investors with a total return on their investment 
over the first 10 years of around 100 %, doubling the initial investment and increasing to around 
300 % after a 20-year period, quadrupling the initial investment.  
After 20 years the Company expects to achieve an accumulated return on the investment of 
300 % corresponding to a simple average annual rate of return of 15.0 %, and for comparison 
purposes corresponding to a compounded annual growth rate after company tax of 7.2 %. 
The return on investment after 20 years shows the expected long-term accumulation effect of 
the values of the properties. 
For further details and assumptions, regarding the expected profit forecasts, see section [Profit 
Forecasts]. 
o 
Business Strategy 
The strategy of Swiss Properties Invest is to own, operate, optimise and develop commercial 
properties long-term and to use the profit generated to acquire still more properties. 
The Company has no intention to pay out dividends, as it is the intention to re-invest the profits 
in the further development of the existing properties and potential acquisition of additional 
properties.

--- Page 24 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
24 
 
The Company has no intention to sell properties once acquired as the very purpose is rent out 
commercial space providing continued value growth through retained and re-invested earnings 
and property value appreciation over time and with no ending. 
The Company’s acquisition criteria: 
1. Commercial properties of high quality. 
2. The properties are either fully let with solid tenants and bought at initial yield levels of 
at least 4.5 % or have some potential for increasing the rental income and, hence, the 
property value (e.g., filling up vacancy, developing space and/or adding solar panels) 
and are bought at initial yield levels at less than 4.5 %. 
3. In attractive locations in Switzerland 
• 
Easily accessible for and close to management  
• 
In preferably German speaking cantons  
1. With attractive tax scheme 
2. Well established infrastructure 
3. A positive outlook both business-wise and economically that will support 
a positive price development 
4. And at price levels ranging from CHF 5 million up to CHF 30 million. 
As an example of a property that fits within the criteria listed above, is the Company’s first 
property acquisition located in Nänikon in the canton of Zürich. See a further description of this 
in section [Investments] below.  
o 
Business Operations and Activities 
Swiss Properties Invest’s business operations have been set up to be as cost efficient and 
flexible as possible. 
Swiss Properties Invest A/S is the Danish holding company, applying to be admitted to trading 
on Nasdaq First North Growth Market in Copenhagen and conducting the Offering. 
Swiss Properties Invest AG is the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and the operational 
business entity, located in Switzerland, where all core activities, such as general management, 
acquisition of properties, liaison with business partners, company and property administration, 
financial administration, optimization, and development of the properties are taking place.  
The Company and Swiss Properties Invest AG have in total a staff of 9 including the Board of 
Directors, the Management Teams, of which 6 are located at and employed by the Swiss 
subsidiary. 
Swiss Properties Invest has a small flexible and agile organization that is planned to grow as 
the number of properties owned by the Company grows. The Company does not, however, 
expect to increase the number of employees over the next 12 months from the first day of

--- Page 25 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
25 
 
trading, as the current organisation has the necessary capacity to manage and operate the 
number of properties expected to be acquired during this period.  
The small organization ensures that roles and responsibilities for making and executing critical 
decisions are well defined and that operating cost are kept at a minimum. It is of great 
importance to the creation of shareholder value that operating cost are kept at a minimum, why 
cost management is a key part of the Management Teams responsibilities.  
The Management Team of Swiss Properties Invest A/S consists of Kirsten Sillehoved, (CEO), 
and Martin A. Märki, (CFO). 
The Management Team of Swiss Properties Invest AG consists of Keld Østergaard (CEO) and 
Martin A. Märki, (CFO). 
See section [Corporate Governance] for further details regarding background, qualifications 
and main responsibilities of the Management Teams and the Board of Directors. 
 
Illustration: Organizational and operational set-up of Swiss Properties Invest 
Main activities include: 
1. Identification of attractive properties that fits the acquisition criteria 
2. Acquisition of the properties 
3. Management and administration of the properties 
4. Optimization and development of the properties 
Ad 1 Identification of attractive properties that fits the acquisition criteria 
A critical success factor in the Swiss market is getting access to potential properties for sale.

--- Page 26 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
26 
 
Sellers are typical private persons that when a decision has been made to sell their property, 
often do not advertise their property for sale; or when no decision has been made, could be 
open to discuss a sale. Hence contacts, referrals and networks become essential. 
Through the many years of presence and operations in the Swiss real estate market, Swiss 
Properties Invest AG has established a distinctive network of business partners through which 
potential properties for sale are generated. In that way Swiss Properties Invest AG can get 
exposed to properties on an exclusive basis, since Swiss Properties Invest AG will, when 
possible, be introduced to such properties before other potential interested parties. 
Other seller types include businesses with own property considering a sale and lease back 
arrangement and pension funds. Getting knowledge and access to the sellers is also supported 
by the network of business partners. 
Ad 2 Acquisition of the properties 
Once initial contact and dialogue has been established with seller of a property, the 
Management Team of Swiss Properties Invest AG initiates the acquisition process, negotiating 
terms, providing financing, as well as coordinating and conducting a commercial, technical and 
financial due diligence.  
Ad 3 Management and administration of the properties 
Property management and administration is at the core of Swiss Properties Invest AG.  
Maintaining tenant loyalty at the existing properties to secure cash flows over the long term is 
highly important to the Company. 
This has been a key capability behind the success so far by the team founding the Company 
and is now a key capability in the Company’s business operations. It includes establishing and 
maintaining close contact with the tenants as well as servicing the tenants to secure a high 
and stable long term rental income.  
It includes collection of rental income and requesting services rendered by external suppliers 
and contractors when needed, such as plumbing, electricity work etc. And it includes providing 
secretarial and other administrative services, financial administration, accounting control and 
payments, undertaking the bookkeeping and budgeting, prepare the VAT declaration, submit 
the yearly tax declaration, arrange yearly audit etc. 
It also includes taking care of the property maintenance and renewal so that the building is 
always attractive to attract and retain the tenants. 
Ad 4. Optimization and development of the properties 
As part of building long term tenant loyalty Swiss Properties Invest AG is also finding possible 
ways of improving the facilities and premises of the properties making them more attractive to 
both existing and potential tenants, such as installing solar energy sources, expanding the 
parking lot, improving the catering facilities etc. 
Both activity group 3 and 4 represents the core activities of Swiss Properties Invest AG 
ensuring the lowest level possible of vacant premises/space, increasing cost efficiency, and 
introducing improvements to make the premises more attractive aiming at bringing down costs

--- Page 27 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
27 
 
and seeking ways to increase rental income with the ultimate objective of increase earnings 
and the value of a given property. 
Core activities  
Management and administration of the properties as well as optimization and development of 
the properties are core activities in the Company. 
The core activities are carried out by the highly experienced employees of Swiss Properties 
Invest AG, who all have been recruited from the long-time established business operations of 
Swiss Property Ventures AG ensuring a highly operational and competent set-up. 
Non-core activities 
Non-core activities include the initial identification and acquisition of the relevant properties, as 
well as ad hoc services regarding financing and re-financing of the properties. 
To be as cost efficient as possible the provision of the initial services regarding introduction 
and identification of potential properties for sale, as well as periodic financing and refinancing 
advisory services, the Company relies on the experienced resources from Swiss Property 
Ventures AG and Swiss Property Advice & Finance AG, respectively. 
When possible and relevant for the improvement of the properties, potential solar projects will 
be provided by Swiss Solar Ventures AG. 
The ad hoc service providers mentioned above, are related to the Company through mutual 
ownership – see section [Background] above, appendix 2 for an illustration of the owner and 
company structure and section [Related Party Transactions]. 
o 
Market overview  
Switzerland 
Swiss Properties Invest focuses solely on the Swiss commercial property market. Switzerland 
has over time proven to be a unique place to invest and accumulate wealth, given the strong 
and stable Swiss economy.  
Various business indicators support this: 
a) GDP per capita 
b) Unemployment rate & labour distribution 
c) Exchange rate 
d) Domestic Market Capitalisation 
e) Political Stability Index 
 
a) Gross Domestic Product (GDP) per capita

--- Page 28 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
28 
 
 
*Source: https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/NY.GDP.PCAP.CD?locations=CH 
Switzerland ranks among the top countries based on nominal GDP per capita at 557K DKK for 
2020 ahead of Ireland at 546K DKK, Norway at 431K DKK and Denmark at 391K DKK. 
Switzerland also ranks among the top countries based on compounded annual growth in 
normal GDP per capita from 2005 to 2015 at 2.9% compared to 5.4% for Estonia and 1.5% for 
The European Union. 
The measure supports the fact that Switzerland is a very strong economy and even though it 
is among the strongest economies it is still able to grow the economic output considerably 
compared to other nations. 
b) Unemployment rate and labour distribution

--- Page 29 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
29 
 
 
Figure: Unemployment rates in selected countries. 
Sources:https://www.economy.com/switzerland/unemployment-rate;  
https://www.macrotrends.net/countries/CHE/switzerland/unemployment-rate  
Switzerland has an unemployment rate ranking among the lowest in the top countries in 
the Euro area, and in November 2021 as low as 2.5 % compared with the Euro area at 7.3 
%. This low unemployment rate is a reflection of Switzerland’s fairly prosperous and stable 
economy. The majority of employed workers in the country possess a relatively high level 
of education and are specialized, which essentially allows for the country to offer high-end 
jobs with higher wages, and often guarantees a higher level of productivity and efficiency. 
2.5%
2.9%
3.1%
3.3%
3.8%
4.2%
4.2%
4.3%
4.3%
4.7%
5.2%
5.3%
5.4%
5.5%
5.7%
5.8%
6.0%
6.1%
6.3%
7.0%
7.2%
7.3%
7.6%
8.1%
9.3%
9.4%
10.9%
13.0%
14.6%
Switzerland
Netherlands
Denmark
Czech Republic
Hungary
Norway
United States
Russia
United Kingdom
Bulgaria
Ireland
Germany
Luxembourg
Poland
Estonia
Iceland
Finland
Portugal
Belgium
Austria
Latvia
Euro Area
Sweden
France
Ukraine
Italy
Lithuania
Greece
Spain
Unemployment rate nov 2021 (%)

--- Page 30 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
30 
 
 
 
 
Source:https://ec.europa.eu/eures/main.jsp?catId=2630&acro=lmi&lang=en&countryId=CH&regionId=CH0&nuts2
Code=null&nuts3Code=null&regionName=National%20Level 
The labour distribution of Switzerland is very similar to that of Denmark with 76.9% of the 
employed population working in the service sector compared to that of Denmark at 79.2%. 
A high degree of employment in the service sector indicates a higher degree of demand for 
the kind of commercial properties that Swiss Properties Invest intends to acquire and rent out.  
Both business indicators, the unemployment rate and the labour distribution, are in the 
Management Team’s opinion two underlying drivers for a consistent demand for commercial 
properties, and in particular office properties. 
 
c) Exchange rate 
 
Note: MA12=moving 12 months average 
Source: https://www.nationalbanken.dk/valutakurser 
Since June 2006 to May 2022 the Swiss Franc (CHF) has appreciated in value compared to 
the Danish Krone (DKK) (and Euro (€)) by more than 50%. Most notably the Swiss National 
Bank pegged the CHF to the € on September 6. 2011 and the peg was broken again on 
January 15. 2015 as it was no longer sustainable. Since the peg was broken the CHF has 
appreciated by more than 17% compared to the DKK. 
76.9%
19.8%
3.3%
Labour distribution Switzerland
Service sector
Industry
Primary sector (agriculture)

--- Page 31 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
31 
 
The continued appreciation of the Swiss franc is in Management Team’s opinion a strong 
indicator of the wellbeing and strong economy of Switzerland. In addition, it also points to the 
potential additional return on the investment, obtainable by an investor acquiring shares in the 
Company. 
d) Domestic market capitalisation  
 
Source:https://www.indexmundi.com/facts/indicators/CM.MKT.LCAP.CD/rankings 
Switzerland is ranked at the absolute top globally when measuring the market capitalization of 
domestic listed companies per capita. According to the Management Team the comparison 
points to the attractiveness of the Swiss economy for investors as it a.o. shows that Swiss 
companies have a strong ability to attract investments from investors compared to other 
countries. 
e) Political stability index 
 
Source: https://www.theglobaleconomy.com/rankings/wb_political_stability/Europe/ 
Switzerland ranks among the top 10 most politically stable countries in Europe with Denmark 
just outside the top 10. In the IMD World Competitiveness Yearbook that analyzes and ranks 
countries according to how they manage their competencies to achieve long-term value 
creation Switzerland is ranked #1 for 2021 up from #3 in 2020. Denmark is ranked #3 for 2021.  
An investment in the Company should, according to the Management Team, be seen as an 
investment in a stable and strong Swiss economy combined with a strong investment in an 
attractive asset class with long term value appreciation potential. 
1.19
0.94
-1.5
-1
-0.5
0
0.5
1
1.5
2
Liechtenstein
Andorra
Iceland
Norway
Luxembourg
Switzerland
Portugal
Sweden
Ireland
 Malta
 Denmark
 Finland
 Czechia
 Monaco
 San Marino
 Lithuania
 Hungary
 Austria
 Netherlands
 Estonia
 Slovenia
 Germany
 Slovakia
 Croatia
 Belgium
 Romania
 Poland
 Bulgaria
 UK
 Latvia
 Italy
 Spain
 France
 Cyprus
 Greece
 North Macedonia
 Albania
 Montenegro
 Serbia
 Moldova
 Bosnia & Herz.
 Belarus
 Russia
 Ukraine
 Turkey
Political stability index
(-2.5 weak; 2.5 strong) Europe

--- Page 32 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
32 
 
The Swiss real estate market – commercial properties 
The price and rental income development of commercial properties is closely related to the 
development of the underlying economy, where e.g. a positive development in employment 
will affect the employment of office workers, and hence an increase in demand for office space. 
As can be seen from the section above about the Swiss economy, the Management Team 
expects a continued positive development due to the strong underlying Swiss economy. 
New construction of production, logistics, health care and advisory service oriented properties 
has been limited, and thus limiting the supply of commercial properties. This again drives up 
demand, supporting a positive development in prices and rental incomes. 
Swiss Properties Invest’s preferred market segment 
1. In attractive locations in Switzerland, i.e.: 
• 
Easily accessible for the Management Team and employees of Swiss 
Properties Invest AG being close to the Company’s office in Baar (CH). 
• 
In preferably German speaking cantons  
1. With attractive tax scheme 
2. Well established infrastructure 
3. A positive outlook both business-wise and economically that will support 
a positive price development 
2. And at price levels ranging from CHF 5 million up to CHF 30 million. 
Closeness to the Company’s operations is of importance as it makes it easier and more cost 
effective to manage and operate the properties. 
Properties located in German-speaking cantons with attractive tax schemes are preferred by 
the Company. The language within the canton plays a significant role, as it facilitates 
communication with tenants, suppliers, and other business partners, as the Management 
Team and employees of Swiss Properties Invest AG are all German-speaking. 
There are 17 cantons out of a total of 26 where the official language is German. 12 of these 
German speaking cantons are shown in the table below: 
Canton 
Population 
Change of 
ownership tax 
Property tax 
Capital tax 
Corporate tax 
Aargau 
685,800 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.2% 
18.6% 
Basel Landschaft 
290,800 
2.5% 
0.0% 
0.4% 
18.0% 
Bern 
1,039,500 
1.8% 
0.2% 
0.1% 
21.6% 
Glarus 
40,600 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.3% 
12.4% 
Lucerne 
413,100 
1.5% 
0.0% 
0.2% 
12.3%

--- Page 33 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
33 
 
Schaffhausen 
82,300 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.2% 
14.2% 
Schwyz 
160,500 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.2% 
14.1% 
Solothurn 
275,200 
1.2% 
0.0% 
0.2% 
16.3% 
St. Gallen 
510,700 
1.0% 
0.1% 
0.1% 
14.5% 
Thurgau 
279,500 
1.0% 
0.1% 
0.1% 
13.4% 
Zug 
127,600 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.1% 
11.9% 
Zürich 
1,539,300 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.2% 
21.1% 
Note: Bern has both German and French as the official language. 
Source: Websites of the various cantonal tax authorities 
Figure: Tax schemes for selected German speaking cantons in Switzerland: 
The corporate tax rate varies widely between the cantons with the highest and lowest tax rate 
from 21.6% in Bern to 11.9% in Zug. The Company will prioritize properties in the cantons with 
most attractive tax schemes. 
With regard to price levels on properties there can be large differences in rental prices between 
cantons and cities, as well as significant differences in the individual city. Typical highest rental 
prices are in urban areas, and significant differences can exist between Central Business 
Districts (CBD) and the outskirts of the city. 
In addition, investment interest from real estate investors, in particular foreign investors, has 
according to the Management Team primarily been in commercial properties in the largest 
cities, and particular in the Central Business Districts resulting in increased price levels and 
lower net initial yield.   
Therefore the Company is seeking to acquire and operate what is referred to in 'Property 
Market Report 2021’ by CSL Immobilien as Class B & C office properties (located in 
major/medium sized cities, within 30 to 60 min. to airport/train; price level approx. CHF 15 to 
25 million) and Logistics properties (located in medium sized cities, close to motorway 
connections; price level approx. CHF 22 million), typically showing a higher yield potential than 
Class A Office properties (located in major cities, within the central business districts, less than 
15 min. to airport/train; price level approx. CHF 60-70 million). 
According to 'Property Market Report 2021’ by CSL Immobilien, a rise in net initial yields for 
office property investments failed to materialise in 2020, despite the uncertainty related to the 
number of employees who will continue to work from home after the pandemic is over, and 
thus a potential decline in demand. However, according to the report, a large number of 
investors expects such an increase for 2021 for lower-quality office properties (class B & C) as 
well as for logistics properties, while net initial yields for top properties (class A) are expected 
to remain stable at around 2.3% – 2.4% . 
This view is supported by the Management Team, that it is still possible to find and acquire 
well-located attractive office and logistics properties with solid tenants with a potential yield of

--- Page 34 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
34 
 
4% and above. The Company’s property recently acquired (January 2022) has an initial yield 
of 4.67% - see section [Investments] below for more details. 
Competition 
In principle the Company is facing competition from two sides. One side would be under the 
activity of renting out commercial space.  The Company is as such providing its service, 
commercial space for rent, in competition with private individuals or businesses owning 
commercial properties that also are rented out.  The other side would be under the activity of 
identifying and acquiring attractive commercial properties that falls under the acquisition 
criteria of the Company. The Company is as such in competition with private individuals or 
businesses interested in owning commercial properties for renting out commercial space. 
According to the Management Team competitors can be split up into two groups interested in 
and owning commercial properties with a purchase price above or below 15 million CHF.  
For properties with a value of more than CHF 15 million, competitors are to be found amongst 
the larger private real estate founds, the pension funds and the public listed real estate firms. 
The first group includes UBS (https://www.ubs.com/ch/en.html), Swisslife (https://www.swisslife-
am.com/en/home.html), Swisscantoinvest (https://www.swisscanto.com/ch/en.html), Credit Suisse 
(https://www.credit-suisse.com/ch/en.html), Zurich (https://www.zurich.com/), allreal (https://allreal.ch/), 
Investis (https://www.investisgroup.com/en/) and more. 
Under CHF 15 million in purchase price the group consists of HNWI’s (high net worth 
individuals), smaller pension funds, smaller banks, citizens’ municipalities, companies that 
“buy and lease” etc.  
The Management Team, building on many years of presence in the Swiss real estate market, 
adds to the competitive advantage of the Company due to the strong network and channels 
through which they gain access to the attractive properties. With regard to the Company’s 
ability of renting out idle commercial space, the Management Team relies on the capabilities 
of the existing organisation that through several years and through several real estate projects 
has proven its ability to re-rent idle space. 
o 
Future challenges and regulatory matters 
With Switzerland continuing to be one of the strongest economies in Europe, the Management 
Team is confident that the commercial property market will continue to develop in a stable and 
positive manner. This is also reflected in the Management Teams’ strong belief in their ability 
to deliver on the profit forecasts, see section [Profit Forecasts]. 
Future challenges are according to the Management Team few and relates primarily to the 
ongoing pandemic and the ongoing and continued political discussions with regard to Lex 
Koller.  
Covid 19 
Due to the repeated imposition of pandemic-related restrictions in various sectors, the question 
of the rental obligation for commercial space has been a recurring topic of discussion in 
particular in 2020 and has continued in 2021. Landlords and tenants are seeking mutually 
agreeable solution or tenants can seek a reduction of rent through legal action, as tenants are 
having difficulties in meeting the rental payment obligations. The Management Team foresees

--- Page 35 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
35 
 
this topic to diminish in 2022 as vaccination efforts have started to show results, and the 
economy in Switzerland as well as in rest of Europe is regaining strength. 
For many investors, the uncertainties related to Covid-19 and the potential effect on the capital 
markets, once again supported the view that investing in real estate is a safe-haven asset 
class, and according to the Management Team and contrary to expectations, drove up prices 
on properties. 
Lex Koller 
The Federal Law on the Acquisition of Real Estate by Persons Abroad (a.k.a. BewG or "Lex 
Koller") restricts the acquisition of real estate in Switzerland by foreign persons to prevent the 
alienation of domestic soil.  
In compliance with certain guidelines, the acquisition of commercial properties, and indirect 
investments in real estate through acquisition of shares in Swiss real estate companies and 
investment funds form an exception to the authorisation requirement. Political proposals that 
include preventing acquisition of real estate in Switzerland by foreigners are being made 
repeatedly, but has so far not found the necessary support.  
The risk of the legislation to be changed, so that acquisition of commercial properties and 
indirect investments in real estate by foreign persons through acquisition of shares in Swiss 
real estate companies and investment funds is no longer allowed, is by the Management Team 
considered low. 
The Management Team also expects that the Company will already have secured the intended 
number of properties, before such a change can be decided upon and implemented, and that 
such a change will not affect properties owned by foreign persons. 
Considerations regarding the Danish Alternative Investment Funds Act 
The Company has investigated and concluded to which extent the Company could be subject 
to the Danish Alternative Investment Funds Act reaching the conclusion that it is not, and 
therefore the Company has not applied for relevant authorisations. There is a risk that the FSA 
could come to a different conclusion in the future. The Management Team considers the risk 
as being low due to the findings and conclusions of the investigation, but should the FSA reach 
a different conclusion, the Management Teams considers the potential influences on the 
Company’s financial position and the Company’s development as being limited, as the 
intention of the Company is then to apply for the relevant authorisations. 
 
o 
Corporate and organizational structure 
Swiss Properties Invest A/S is the parent company of Swiss Properties Invest AG 
(Switzerland), jointly referred to as Swiss Properties Invest in the prospectus.

--- Page 36 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
36 
 
 
Figure: Corporate structure 
Swiss Properties Invest A/S is the holding company, and the legal entity that is to be admitted 
to trading on Nasdaq First North Growth Market, if approved by Nasdaq Copenhagen. 
Swiss Properties Invest AG is wholly owned by Swiss Properties Invest A/S. 
Swiss Properties Invest AG is the primary operating company, located in Switzerland, 
responsible for carrying out the primary activities, cf. above. 
Properties acquired and operated by the Company will be directly owned by Swiss Properties 
Invest AG, as illustrated above. At time of the Offering, Swiss Properties Invest AG owns one 
property acquired 1. January 2022, described below. 
o 
Investments 
As per January 1st, 2022, the Company has acquired the first of the expected 6 to 8 properties: 
This is a commercial property located in the city of Nänikon in the canton of Zürich.

--- Page 37 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
37 
 
The property has 3.847 m2 in total over 6 
levels with one underground level which 
contains 16 parking spaces and room for 
storage.  
The building is from 1988 and has been very 
well maintained. 
The penthouse apartment on the top level is 
being converted into office spaces. The land 
size is 2.769 m2 and contains 30 outside 
parking spaces. 
 
 
 
The property is fully let and has 2 main tenants: Aero Consultants AG (the seller of the property 
- i.e., a case of “sale and lease back”) and Trina Bioreactives SA (a biotech company). Both 
companies have contracts until the end of 2025 - and Trina Bioreactives SA has recently rented 
the top floor until September 2031. The annual rental income is presently CHF 397,000. 
The purchase price is CHF 8.5 million which is at an initial yield of 4.67 % at the present rental 
income. The purchase price including transaction costs, around CHF 9 million, has been 
financed with a combination of equity (CHF 3 million) and external financing (CHF 6 million). 
The Management Team sees a good potential for increasing the rental income and also 
believes that the cost of maintaining the property will be relatively low (due to the high quality 
of the building). 
The Company is currently not committed to any significant investments. The Company is, as 
part of the strategy, continuing the identification of additional potential commercial properties 
to be acquired by Swiss Properties Invest AG. 
The on-going and expected future investments are expected to be financed by the proceeds 
of the Offering combined with debt financing (expected to be around 65 % - 70 % of the 
acquisition price) as it is customary with acquisition of real estate. 
o 
Trend Information 
Since the closing of the financial year 2021, to the best of the Company’s knowledge, no 
significant changes have occurred in sales, production, or inventory and no substantial 
changes to sales prices or other costs. 
o 
Profit forecasts 
To illustrate the Company’s expected financial results after completion of the Offer and 
execution of the Company’s business strategy, forecasts of the Company’s income statement 
and balance sheet for the next 20 years has been produced.  
The actual development of the Company may differ significantly from that illustrated below.

--- Page 38 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
38 
 
Projected Income statement 2022 - 2041 
 
Income Statement DKKm 
2022 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028 
2029 
2030 
2031 
.. 
2034 
.. 
2037 
.. 
2040 
2041 
Revenue 
12.2 
22.1 
22.7 
23.4 
24.1 
27.1 
27.9 
28.7 
29.6 
32.9 
 
37.8 
 
43.4 
 
49.9 
50.9 
CoGS 
-1.2 
-2.2 
-2.3 
-2.3 
-2.4 
-2.7 
-2.8 
-2.9 
-3.0 
-3.3 
 
-3.8 
 
-4.3 
 
-5.0 
-5.1 
Gross Profit 
11.0 
19.9 
20.5 
21.1 
21.7 
24.4 
25.1 
25.9 
26.6 
29.6 
 
34.1 
 
39.1 
 
44.9 
45.8 
Employee Costs 
-3.3 
-4.8 
-4.9 
-5.0 
-5.1 
-5.5 
-5.6 
-5.8 
-5.9 
-6.4 
 
-7.1 
 
-7.9 
 
-8.9 
-9.1 
Property Improvement 
-1.2 
-2.2 
-2.3 
-2.3 
-2.4 
-2.7 
-2.8 
-2.9 
-3.0 
-3.3 
 
-3.8 
 
-4.3 
 
-5.0 
-5.1 
EBITDA 
6.5 
12.9 
13.3 
13.8 
14.2 
16.2 
16.7 
17.2 
17.8 
20.0 
 
23.2 
 
26.8 
 
31.0 
31.6 
Appreciation on properties 
2.9 
10.3 
15.8 
16.3 
16.8 
18.9 
19.5 
20.0 
20.6 
23.0 
 
27.2 
 
32.1 
 
37.8 
38.9 
EBIT 
9.4 
23.3 
29.2 
30.1 
31.0 
35.1 
36.2 
37.3 
38.5 
42.9 
 
50.4 
 
58.8 
 
68.8 
70.6 
Financial Expenses 
-2.7 
-4.7 
-4.6 
-4.5 
-4.4 
-4.3 
-5.1 
-5.0 
-4.9 
-4.8 
 
-5.3 
 
-6.1 
 
-6.8 
-8.1 
EBT 
6.7 
18.6 
24.6 
25.6 
26.7 
30.8 
31.1 
32.3 
33.6 
38.2 
 
45.0 
 
52.8 
 
61.9 
62.4 
Tax 
-1.5 
-4.3 
-5.7 
-5.9 
-6.1 
-7.1 
-7.1 
-7.4 
-7.7 
-8.8 
 
-10.4 
 
-12.1 
 
-14.2 
-14.4 
Net Income 
5.2 
14.3 
19.0 
19.7 
20.5 
23.7 
23.9 
24.9 
25.9 
29.4 
 
34.7 
 
40.6 
 
47.7 
48.1 
 
Projected balance sheet 2022 - 2041 
 
Balance Sheet DKKm 
dec-
22 
dec-
23 
dec-
24 
dec-
25 
dec-
26 
dec-
27 
dec-
28 
dec-
29 
dec-
30 
dec-
31 
.. 
dec-
34 
.. 
dec-37 
.. 
dec-40 
dec-41 
Properties 
517 
528 
543 
560 
576 
649 
668 
688 
709 
790 
 
935 
 
1,101 
 
1,297 
1,336 
Cash and cash equivalent 
10 
7 
4 
1 
-1 
4 
2 
-1 
-2 
4 
 
3 
 
3 
 
2 
1 
Assets 
527 
535 
548 
561 
575 
653 
670 
688 
707 
793 
 
938 
 
1,104 
 
1,300 
1,337 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Share capital 
211 
211 
211 
211 
211 
211 
211 
211 
211 
211 
 
211 
 
211 
 
211 
211 
Equity 
217 
231 
250 
270 
290 
314 
338 
363 
389 
422 
 
517 
 
628 
 
759 
807 
Mortgage 
310 
304 
297 
291 
285 
339 
332 
325 
318 
372 
 
421 
 
476 
 
541 
530 
Equity and Liabilities 
527 
535 
548 
561 
575 
653 
670 
688 
707 
793 
 
938 
 
1,104 
 
1,300 
1,337 
 
Projected Cash Flow statement 2022 – 2041 
 
Cash flow statement DKKm 
2022 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028 
2029 
2030 
2031 
.. 
2034 
.. 
2037 
.. 
2040 
2041 
EBIT 
9.4 
23.3 
29.2 
30.1 
31.0 
35.1 
36.2 
37.3 
38.5 
42.9 
 
50.4 
 
58.8 
 
68.8 
70.6 
Tax on EBIT 
-2.2 
-5.3 
-6.7 
-6.9 
-7.1 
-8.1 
-8.3 
-8.6 
-8.8 
-9.9 
 
-11.6 
 
-13.5 
 
-15.8 
-16.2 
NOPAT 
7.2 
17.9 
22.5 
23.2 
23.9 
27.0 
27.8 
28.7 
29.6 
33.1 
 
38.8 
 
45.3 
 
53.0 
54.3 
Appreciation properties 
-2.9 
-10.3 
-15.8 
-16.3 
-16.8 
-18.9 
-19.5 
-20.0 
-20.6 
-23.0 
 
-27.2 
 
-32.1 
 
-37.8 
-38.9 
Capex 
-514.3 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
-53.4 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
-57.7 
 
-69.7 
 
-77.2 
 
-91.7 
0.0 
Mortgage 
310.0 
-6.3 
-6.3 
-6.3 
-6.3 
53.7 
-6.9 
-6.9 
-6.9 
53.7 
 
64.7 
 
71.9 
 
84.3 
-11.0 
Net financial costs 
-2.7 
-4.7 
-4.6 
-4.5 
-4.4 
-4.3 
-5.1 
-5.0 
-4.9 
-4.8 
 
-5.3 
 
-6.1 
 
-6.8 
-8.1 
Tax shield 
0.6 
1.1 
1.0 
1.0 
1.0 
1.0 
1.2 
1.1 
1.1 
1.1 
 
1.2 
 
1.4 
 
1.6 
1.9 
Proceeds and refinancing 
211.6 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
3.6 
 
0.0 
 
0.0 
 
0.0 
0.0 
Changes to cash 
9.6 
-2.3 
-3.1 
-2.8 
-2.5 
5.1 
-2.4 
-2.1 
-1.7 
5.9 
 
2.5 
 
3.2 
 
2.5 
-1.9 
 
 Projected Key ratios 2022 – 2041 
 
Key 
ratios 
2022 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028 
2029 
2030 
2031 
.. 
2034 
.. 
2037 
.. 
2040 
2041 
Liquidity 
ratio 
1.8% 
1.4% 
0.8% 
0.2% 
-0.2% 
0.6% 
0.2% 
-0.1% 
-0.3% 
0.5% 
 
0.3% 
 
0.3% 
 
0.2% 
0.0% 
ROI 
2.8% 
9.6% 
8.2% 
7.9% 
7.6% 
8.2% 
7.6% 
7.4% 
7.1% 
8.5% 
 
7.2% 
 
6.9% 
 
6.7% 
6.3% 
Acc. ROI 
2.8% 
9.6% 
18.5% 
27.9% 
37.6% 
48.9% 
60.2% 
72.0% 
84.3% 
99.9% 
 
144.9% 
 
197.8% 
 
259.9% 
282.7%

--- Page 39 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
39 
 
The forecasts are unaudited and based on a number of assumptions which are listed below. 
The Management Team expects to acquire and operate 6 to 8 properties within 2 years from 
completion of the Offering, and assuming that the maximum number of Offer Shares are sold. 
In the forecasts above the assumption is that all properties are acquired in 2022. If only the 
minimum number of Offer Shares is sold, then the Management Team expects to reduce the 
number of properties to 3 to 4.  
 
Through re-investing earnings, it is furthermore the objective is to acquire additional properties 
in 2027, 2031, 2034, 2037 and 2040 as reflected in the forecasts above. 
 
A significant part of the Company’s current and future operating profit is used to amortize debt.  
 
Furthermore, appreciations of the Company’s properties are included in the income statement. 
 
The liquidity surplus including the appreciation on the existing portfolio is expected to allow for 
the purchase of additional properties. 
 
From the investor’s perspective, the accumulated return on investment after company tax is 
by the Management Team expected to be 100% in 2031 reaching 283% in 2041. 
 
The Management Team considers it to be a realistic forecast based on prudent assumptions 
derived directly from the Management Teams’ experiences over the past 15 years having 
successfully established a significant portfolio of investment projects with commercial 
properties in Switzerland. 
 
The Management Team considers the assumptions prudent, as the Management Team sees 
room for improvement in especially: 
• 
Purchasing properties with a higher than 4.5% initial net yield (under the Company’s 
influence) 
• 
More cost-efficient property management (under the Company’s influence) 
• 
Higher level of debt financing and lower financing costs (outside influence of the 
Company) 
• 
Lower taxation rate (in the budget set to the highest possible rate) (the tax rate itself is 
outside influence of the Company but the choice of Cantons to invest in is under the 
Company’s influence) 
• 
And potential currency gains (outside influence of the Company) 
 
Outside or partly outside influence of the Company: 
 
i. 
Appreciation on properties is assumed to be 1% for 2022, 2% for 2023 and 3% per 
year going forward. 3% appreciation per year can be considered significant. The level 
reflects the Management Team’s experience from earlier investment projects. 
ii. 
Continued investment in the maintenance of the properties is estimated at 10 % out of 
total rental income per year. This is by the Management Team considered a strong and 
important driver of the value appreciation of the properties. 
iii. 
Interest rate on bank debt is assumed to be 1.5% and the level of debt financing is 
assumed to be 65% of the property purchase price, which is slightly lower than the 
Management Team’s experience of financing levels around 65 % - 70 %.  
iv. 
Switzerland has a 1% tax on capital beyond CHF 1 million that Swiss Properties Invest 
AG will have to pay.

--- Page 40 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
40 
 
v. 
The gross proceeds from the Offering are assumed to amount to DKK 215 million and 
the net proceeds to the Company after costs related to the Offering are assumed to 
amount to DKK 199.  
vi. 
The Management Team expects that currency gains from a stronger Swiss economy 
compared to the Danish economy can also affect the performance of the investment, 
however no currency gains or fluctuations have been included in the forecasts. Where 
applicable an exchange rate of DKK 7.20 to CHF 1.00 has been used. 
vii. 
The total taxation level including corporation tax, capital tax and property tax is 
assumed to be 23 % of operating profit including mark-to market taxation (taxation of 
unrealized value appreciations of the Company’s properties) for the operations in 
Switzerland. This level reflects the highest current tax level the Company’s operations 
in Switzerland will be subject to and actual tax rates may be less. Tax rates for the 
cantons in which the Company intends to operate properties are stated in section 
[Business Strategy]. 
 
Assumptions under influence of the Company: 
 
viii. 
The Company’s cash and cash equivalents prior to the Offering with the addition of the 
proceeds from the Offering are invested in accordance with the Company’s business 
strategy, see section [Business Strategy], except for smaller liquidity buffer estimated 
to be -0.3%-1.8% of the total balance. Any periods with negative liquidity will be covered 
by a revolving banking facility and potential capital increases. 
ix. 
No other capital increases are envisaged in the coming years besides the capital 
increase resulting from the Offering. 
x. 
Among the primary assumptions are the property acquisition criteria, as described in 
section [Business Strategy]: The criteria are 1. Commercial properties of high quality. 
2. The properties are either fully let with solid tenants and bought at initial yield levels 
of at least 4.5 % or have some potential for increasing the rental income and, hence, 
the property value (e.g., filling up vacancy, developing space and/or adding solar 
panels) and are bought at initial yield levels at less than 4.5 %. 3. In attractive locations 
in Switzerland. Easily accessible cantons with attractive tax scheme. Well established 
infrastructure. A positive outlook both business-wise and economically. Supporting a 
positive housing price development. 
At time of acquisition of a property, the rent will be according to the existing lease 
agreements, but part of the Company’s value adding activities looking for  improvement 
opportunities and fine tuning the agreements finding basis for raising the rent. Notice 
of termination of rental agreements varies from 3 to 12, typically dependent on the size 
of the rented space – the larger the longer the notice period. Rental agreements are 
typically renewed automatically. 
xi. 
Rental income is estimated to increase 0% for 2022 as rent will be kept at the 4.5% 
yield the year the properties are purchased, 2% for 2023 and 3% for 2024 to 2031. 
From 2032 and onwards to 2041 the rental increase is expected to be at 2 % per year 
- reflecting the fact that rental income has increased significantly over the previous 10 
years and, hence, the Management Team expects the growth rate to be lower and 
stable. 
xii. 
The Company’s general capacity and administration costs are expected by 
Management Team and Board of Directors to amount to DKK 3.3 million for 2022 and 
DKK 4.8 million for 2023 increasing per year with an annual increase of 1.5%.  
xiii. 
The property expenses (CoGS) are expected to amount to 10% of the rental income 
per year. 
xiv. 
Property improvement costs are expected by Management Team and Board of 
Directors to amount to 10% of rental income per year.

--- Page 41 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
41 
 
xv. 
Property purchase costs are expected to be 7% of the purchase price with the 
additional possible upside that the Management Team has experienced costs closer to 
6%. All purchase costs are capitalized and becomes part of the book value of the 
properties on the balance sheet.  
xvi. 
Annual amortization of debt is expected to be 2% of the principal.  
xvii. 
Key component of the Swiss Properties Invest’s value proposition is to re-invest in more 
properties in 2027, 2031, 2034, 2037 and 2040 using the accumulated liquidity from 
the free cash flows in the Company alongside the opportunity to fund the acquisitions 
by refinancing the current portfolio of properties. Capital required in 2027 and 2031 is 
generated by re-financing. The amount of obtainable financing is estimated based on 
the amortization done during the preceding years. These assumptions have been pre-
approved and confirmed by one of the Company’s primary loan providers, Glarner 
Kantonal Bank. After 2031, capital required to fund acquisitions is generated through 
re-financing based on the amortization done during the preceding years plus 50 % 
derived from the appreciated value of the properties during the preceding years.  
 
Changes in the above assumptions can affect the return on the Company’s investment portfolio 
and thus the accounting results to a significant extent in both a downward and upward 
direction. The value of the Shares is expected to be affected accordingly. 
The most significant uncertainties associated with the above assumptions that may cause 
different results in relation to the forecasts are (i) whether properties can be purchased at the 
expected net initial yield, (ii) changes in the loan interest rates as the Company’s investments 
are largely based on a high proportion of debt financing, and (iii) whether the Offering is 
conducted with sufficient proceeds to execute the Company’s strategy and achieve sufficient 
volume to reach the intended level of rental income and earnings. 
The forecasts as presented above have been prepared based on the methodology and the 
essential assumptions described above and are comparable and consistent with the 
Company’s accounting policies, as described in the Company’s audited accounts for 2021, 
which have been prepared in accordance with the Danish Financial Statements Act.

--- Page 42 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
42 
 
5. RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Company’s Shares may involve an economic risk for the investor. 
Potential investors should carefully consider the risks below before deciding to invest in the 
Company. 
The Company is subject to multiple risk factors, including risk factors outside the control of the 
Company. The risk factors may negatively affect the Company’s business, earnings, and 
financial position and may cause investors to lose part of or the entire capital invested. 
The prospectus contains generally forward-looking statements that may be affected by future 
events and is associated with risks and uncertainties. The actual results of the Company may 
differ materially from the budget and forecasts, due to many factors, including but not limited 
to, significant risks which are described below and / or elsewhere in the Prospectus.  
In the following the Management Team of the Company has described a number of non-
exhaustive risk factors, which the Management Team as of the date of the Prospectus 
considers to be the main known significant risks to the Company and its Shares. 
The risk factors are divided into two main categories, (A) risks specific to the Company and 
(B) risks specific to the securities. The risk factors under each main category are presented in 
a prioritized order of importance and describe the possibility that the risk in question will 
materialize and the potential impact thereof. 
Other risks and uncertainties of which the Company is not currently aware may also have a 
material negative impact on the Company and the Shares. 
Potential investors are advised to seek independent advice on legal, accounting and tax 
matters that apply to each investor before deciding whether to invest in the Offering. 
o 
(A) Risk factors specific to the Company: 
Risks related to the execution of the Company’s strategy.  
As described in section 4 [Company overview] the Company’s purpose and strategic intention 
is to create shareholder value through renting out commercial properties owned by the 
Company’s subsidiary, Swiss Properties Invest AG, by making a profit through optimization of 
the maintenance, development and cost efficiency of operating the properties, resulting in a 
value appreciation of the properties and ultimately increasing the market value of the 
Company. 
There is a risk that the Company is not able to fulfill its strategy, as the value of the Company 
will be linked to current earnings as well as to the general economic development and 
development in the interest rate level relating to the real estate market, since commercial 
properties are priced according to potential earnings, the general interest rate level, investor’s 
required rate of return and tax rates.  
The financial results of acquiring and operating commercial properties are largely driven by 
developments in general market conditions. There is a risk that market conditions within the 
Company’s target market (commercial properties in Switzerland) do not develop as expected.

--- Page 43 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
43 
 
This could mean that the expected increases in rental income over time completely or partially 
do not materialize or that the prices of properties do not develop, as the Management Team 
expects. 
At the same time, it can mean a negative development in operating results and the market 
value of the properties owned by Swiss Properties Invest AG due to declining demand for 
commercial leases in a specific geographical area in which Swiss Properties Invest AG owns 
and operates its commercial properties. 
The development in the value and pricing of Swiss commercial properties follows the general 
economic situation in the Swiss economy. In periods of low growth and a negative development 
in the financial markets, a negative development can lead to a negative effect on the value of 
Swiss commercial properties.  
Other socio-economic variables that can have an effect on rental income and pricing of 
commercial properties include: the level of new construction of commercial properties, 
employment developments, demographic composition and restrictions introduced by public 
authorities.  
The Management Team considers the risks associated with such market conditions (re-letting, 
pricing of properties) to be of the outmost importance when investing in properties in less 
attractive geographical areas in Switzerland. Such risks may also apply to highly attractive 
areas in Switzerland. However, given the strength of the Swiss economy, the Management 
Team considers the risk as low. 
The successful fulfilment of the Company’s strategy is closely linked to assumptions regarding 
the general market conditions forming the basis for the Company’s forecasts, cf. section [Profit 
Forecasts]. To the extent market conditions develop negatively, it will affect the Company’s 
overall financial position, earnings expectations and the market value of the Company’s 
shares. In addition, it could affect the Company’s liquidity and ability to service the Company’s 
debt. 
Operational risks 
As mentioned above a key value driver for the financial performance of the Company is the 
optimization of the operations of the commercial properties owned by Swiss Properties Invest 
AG. 
The financial performance of the operations of the commercial properties is sensitive to 
developments in a wide range of factors such as rental income, maintenance and improvement 
needs, pricing of properties, financing conditions and general changes in regulatory matters, 
including tax matters in Denmark and in Switzerland. 
Risks related to rental income 
Swiss Properties Invest AG’s rental income depends on the individual tenant's ability to pay 
and to comply with the contractual obligations in the form of payment of rent and to prudently 
maintain the leased premise as such constitute risks. 
The aim for the acquired commercial properties is to be fully let. Upon acquisition of the 
properties in question, there is a risk that the tenant in question wants to terminate the lease, 
which will reduce the income of Swiss Properties Invest AG.

--- Page 44 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
44 
 
Further, there is a risk that Swiss Properties Invest AG (as owner) may experience periods, 
where the commercial properties are vacant. Such periods may appear in the period from 
which a tenant moves out until a new tenant takes over the lease. 
There may be risks associated with index adjustment of the rent. Low inflation may result in 
lower rent regulation affecting rental income negatively. 
Rental income will also be influenced, negatively or positively, by the supply and demand 
situation for commercial spaces for rent at any given time, in the event that Swiss Properties 
Invest AG should have vacant space for rent. 
The Management Team considers the risks related to rental income as low, since part of the 
Company’s focus is to maintain qualified and solid tenants. 
Risks related to maintenance and improvement needs 
Swiss Properties Invest AG sets aside proportionate amount of funds for the ongoing and 
future maintenance of the commercial properties, which the Management Team considers to 
be sufficient. In connection with an acquisition of a commercial property, a thorough due 
diligence, including, but not limited to, a technical due diligence, is carried out to minimize the 
risks associated with unforeseen costs in relation to defects and improvement needs of the 
properties acquired. 
As part of the due diligence, environmental conditions regarding land and building components 
are investigated and there may be risks associated with such environmental conditions, in the 
event that environmental damage later occurs on the real estate property and/or the plot and 
if the seller has not issued a guarantee in this regard, and if the relevant authorities cannot 
later impose liability on the seller or previous owner of the property, regardless of guilt or 
knowledge.  
Further, investment needs may arise because of the general condition of the real estate 
property, tenants moving out, technical conditions and public requirements, which ultimately 
may affect the Company's overall financial performance. 
For newly built real estate properties, building guarantees are often given for a number of 
years. There may be risks involved with such guarantees, as the contractor may be unable to 
comply with them. 
The Management Team considers the risks related to maintenance and improvement needs 
as low due to the general high level of quality of Swiss properties and the fact that properties 
always will be assessed by independent experts before an acquisition will take place. 
Such defects and improvement needs will reduce the earnings of the commercial property to 
a greater or lesser degree. Such reductions may have a negative impact on the market value 
of the commercial property and ultimately the Company's overall market value. 
Risks related to increasing costs 
Increasing costs relating to the operation and maintenance of the commercial properties 
owned by Swiss Properties Invest AG, including increased taxes, duties and maintenance 
costs, will reduce the earnings on the individual properties and thus the market value of the 
commercial properties, unless these costs can be transferred to the tenants rent.

--- Page 45 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
45 
 
E.g., increases in material prices and/or craftsman costs beyond the ordinary price 
development can lead to an unforeseen increase in the costs of e.g., the maintenance and 
improvement of the real estate property. In the event of increased costs associated with 
operating and maintaining of the commercial properties, such increased costs cannot be 
transferred to the tenants rent, thus, this will reduce the earnings of the real estate property to 
a greater or lesser degree. Such reductions may have a negative impact on the market value 
of the commercial property and ultimately the Company's overall market value. 
The Management Team considers the risks related to increasing costs as low, since the 
Company’s focus it to acquire larger real estate properties with many units in order to keep 
operating costs at a low level. The intention is to acquire newer and well-maintained properties 
that do not have an immediate and/or major maintenance backlog, although this cannot be 
ruled out. Such operating and maintenance costs may have an adverse effect on Swiss 
Properties Invest AG and ultimately the Company. 
Financial risks 
Capital structure related risks 
In connection with the acquisition of the commercial properties, Swiss Properties Invest AG 
intends to take out loans from local Swiss banks, as Swiss Properties Invest AG is financing 
the acquisition of a property with a combination of equity and debt. Financing the properties 
through such loans is expected to increase the market value of the properties and thus the 
market value of the Company.  
Debt financing is expected to be in the level of 65 % to 70 % of the acquisition price for a given 
commercial property and will be provided by a range of selected local Swiss banks. The 
Company has received positive statements from the local Swiss banks on financing of 
commercial properties. 
There is a risk that Swiss Properties Invest AG cannot obtain the expected level of debt 
financing, and the debt financing is on terms being more costly to Swiss Properties Invest AG 
than anticipated. This may ultimately affect the Company’s overall financial position and 
performance. 
The Management Team considers the risks related to obtaining the necessary debt financing 
as low, since the Company, through its founders has long standing relationships with the local 
banks, and since the Company has several financing alternatives readily available. 
Through such debt financing, Swiss Properties Invest AG will be exposed to a number of 
financial risks, including i.a. interest rate and exchange rate risk, liquidity risk and credit risk, 
which may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s future results, financial position 
and the value of the Company’s Shares. 
Interest rate risk 
As the interest rate is not hedged at present, there is a significant interest rate risk for Swiss 
Properties Invest AG. Increasing interest rates will lead to more expensive financing costs, 
which may ultimately have an adverse effect on the Company’s overall financial performance. 
Swiss Properties Invest AG’s current debt financing of a total of approx. CHF 5.75 million, 
raised for financing of Swiss Properties Invest AG’s currently owned commercial property, has

--- Page 46 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
46 
 
a variable interest rate. Thus, an interest rate risk exists, and is by the Management Team 
considered to be moderate, as the financial markets are influenced by the Russian invasion of 
Ukraine as per the Prospectus Date. 
Exchange rate risk 
Swiss Properties Invest AG’s assets are acquired in Swiss Francs (CHF), and the loans 
referred to above are issued in CHF in order to minimize the exchange rate risk. 
Swiss Properties Invest AG’s operating income and the majority of the operating and financing 
costs are also in CHF.  
The Company's equity is calculated in DKK. The Company's income, expenses and remaining 
balance are received and calculated in CHF. The value of the Company's equity may therefore 
be affected by a depreciation of CHF against DKK. The exchange risk is by the Management 
Team considered to be low, given the strength of the Swiss economy. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk relates to Swiss Properties Invest AG’s ability to generate liquidity to finance the 
operations and development of the commercial properties as well as the operations of the 
Company.  
Such risk may include, but is not limited to, the tenant of the real estate properties default in 
servicing their payment obligations, vacant space or non-payment of other of Swiss Properties 
Invest AG’s receivables.  
In relation to the debt financing, there is a risk that the loans will be terminated by the banks in 
the event that Swiss Properties Invest AG breaches its loan agreements. In such event, Swiss 
Properties Invest AG will depend on obtaining sufficient liquidity elsewhere in order to repay 
the loan within a given time frame. 
Swiss Properties Invest AG’s default of loans may be due to the Swiss Properties Invest AG 's 
activities not bringing in the expected liquidity, which may be due to extraordinary vacancy, 
late rent payments from tenants or bankruptcy of the tenants. Swiss Properties Invest AG will 
when investing in a property as a rule, only take out loans that cannot be terminated by the 
lender unless the loan is defaulted on the part of Swiss Properties Invest AG. 
The Company estimates that the risk that the Swiss Properties Invest AG will default on one 
or more loans is low, as the Company seeks to have sufficient capital resources available. 
Refinancing and repayment risk 
Swiss Properties Invest AG’s debt financing is expected to be raised with a term of 3 to 5 years, 
and there will be a risk associated with it when refinancing is required. If the refinancing is 
carried out on unfavorable terms, the market value of the commercial properties at the time of 
refinancing could therefore deviate from that specified in the forecast, cf. section [Profit 
Forecasts]. 
To the extent that Swiss Properties Invest AG’s lenders require certain financial targets, such 
as a given solvency ratio, to be met by Swiss Properties Invest AG, and Swiss Properties

--- Page 47 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
47 
 
Invest AG is unable to meet such financial targets, there may be a repayment risk which may 
ultimately affect the Company’s overall financial position. 
Furthermore, no guarantee can be given that the loans taken by Swiss Properties Invest AG 
can always be repaid at a rate of 100, and it cannot be ruled out that the debt financing of 
Swiss Properties Invest AG at all times consists exclusively of fixed-rate loans or variable 
loans. 
The risks related to refinancing and repayment is by the Management Team considered to be 
low, given the existing relationships with and range of banks. 
Regulatory, legislation and tax related risks 
Future tax and fiscal changes as well as similar public regulations may adversely affect the 
Company, so that the Company’s and Shareholder’s financial position may be adversely 
affected. 
The changes can be in both Danish and Swiss tax legislation for companies and individuals as 
well as the double taxation agreement between Denmark and Switzerland. 
There is a risk associated with changes in the rental legislation. Statutory changes to the rental 
legislation may have an adverse negative impact on Swiss Properties Invest AG’s ability to 
generate rental income from the commercial properties owned by Swiss Properties Invest AG. 
This may ultimately have an adverse effect on the Company’s financial position. Rental income 
constitutes Swiss Properties Invest AG’s primary source of income and is the basis for valuing 
the commercial properties owned by Swiss Properties Invest AG, which is why changes in the 
legislation, e.g., changes with respect to the size of the rent pursuant to a leased premises, 
may ultimately have a material adverse effect on the Company’s earnings and the value of 
Swiss Properties Invest AG’s and the Company’s assets and business. The Management 
Team considers the risk as low, since such a legislative change in the Management Teams 
opinion would require extensive changes in the relationship between Switzerland and the EU.  
The Danish Government has released a new scheme regarding early retirement. The 
Government expects to fund the new retirement scheme partly through the introduction of a 
mark-to-market taxation of real estate owned by companies. If adopted by the Parliament, the 
new rules will most likely be effective from 2023. Mark-to-market taxation of companies’ real 
estate generally implies that the companies will be subject to taxation of any unrealized capital 
gains while losses will be deductible. The effect of the final new legislation, once adopted and 
implemented, is still uncertain, but the Company expects to be covered by the new rules on 
mark-to-market taxation. The Company’s wholly owned subsidiary, Swiss Properties Invest 
AG, is already subjected to the mark-to-market taxation, as it is already implemented in 
Switzerland. Given current double-taxation agreements between Denmark and Switzerland, 
the Management Team considers the risk as low, as the Company is expected to be exempted 
from paying such tax, and the Management Team considers that it will not have an effect on 
the Company’s earnings, financial results and financial position, since it is already a premise 
for the Companies profit forecasts. 
The pandemic COVID-19 has developed at great speed in Europe since March 2020. There 
is a risk that the pandemic may be a catalyst for rising interest rates and can lead to a lack of 
or delayed rent payments, which are the Company’s primary source of income, from e.g. 
commercial tenants in the Company’s current and potential future properties due to e.g. 
shutdowns. COVID-19 may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s development,

--- Page 48 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
48 
 
earnings capacity, financial results, and financial position. The Management Team considers 
the risk as low, as the COVID-19 situation has improved significantly, and with market and 
businesses being less affected by the pandemic. 
The Federal Law on the Acquisition of Real Estate by Persons Abroad (a.k.a. BewG or "Lex 
Koller") restricts the acquisition of real estate (including commercial properties) in Switzerland 
by foreign persons in order to prevent the alienation of domestic soil. In compliance with certain 
guidelines, the acquisition of commercial properties and indirect investments in real estate 
through acquisition of shares in Swiss real estate companies and investment funds form an 
exception to the authorisation requirement. Political proposals that include preventing 
acquisition of real estate in Switzerland by foreigners are being made repeatedly but has so 
far not found the necessary support. The risk of the legislation to be tighten up accordingly is 
by the Management Team considered low as it has been an ongoing political topic for several 
years; and should it materialize, the Management Team considers this only to happen after 
the Company has already secured the intended number of properties. 
If one or more of the above risks occur, this can have a significant negative impact on the 
Company’s financial position, the Company’s development, and the value of The Company’s 
Shares. 
o 
(B) Risk factors specific to the shares of the Company: 
Risk of dilution:  
 
The Company may decide to raise additional capital in the future in order to pursue growth 
opportunities, acquire additional commercial properties, invest in current business ventures,  
or for other purposes deemed relevant and necessary by the Board of Directors. In its pursuit 
to raise additional capital, the Company may decide to issue additional equity, which may result 
in dilution of the shareholders.  
 
Unsecured subscription undertakings 
The Company has obtained subscription undertakings for a total of DKK 130,470,815.00 in 
share value from Pre-subscribers, corresponding to 121.4 % of the Offering in the event that 
the minimum number of Offer Shares is sold, and 60.7 % of the Offering in the event that the 
maximum number of Offer Shares is sold. No compensation will be given to the Pre-
subscribers for the undertaking, and the pre-subscription occurs on equal terms and conditions 
offered to investors in the subscription period. The subscription undertaking is not secured by 
blocked funds or pledge of collateral, bank guarantee, or similar arrangement. 
Future Dividends 
The Company’s ability to pay dividends will depend, among other things, on its financial 
condition, working capital requirements and the availability of distributable profits and reserve 
and cash available, and other factors as the Board of Directors may deem relevant. The 
Company has no intention to pay dividends in the coming years, as the Company’s strategy is 
to reinvest any profit in existing and potential additional commercial properties aggregating the 
value of the commercial properties and hence the market value of the Company. However, 
future payments of dividends must be decided by the Annual General Meeting following a 
proposal from the Board of Directors.

--- Page 49 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
49 
 
6. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
o 
Type And Class Of The Shares 
The Company has one class of Shares. 
 
An application by Swiss Properties Invest A/S (LEI: 636700W3Y3309V1FFE44) has been 
approved by the Board of Directors on 13. June 2022 and submitted for the Offer Shares 
together with the Existing Shares to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq First North Growth 
Market Denmark under the ISIN DK0061805660. The Offer Shares will be delivered 
electronically against payment under the temporary ISIN DK0061805744. The temporary ISIN 
will not be applied for trading on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Denmark but will only be 
registered in VP Securities for the purpose of subscribing for Offer Shares. The temporary ISIN 
will be merged with the permanent ISIN DK0061805660. 
o 
Governing Law And Jurisdiction 
The Shares are issued in accordance with Danish law. The Prospectus has been prepared in 
compliance with the EU Growth prospectus rules pursuant to article 15 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129.  
Any disputes that may arise due to the Offering are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
Danish courts. 
o 
Registration Of Shares 
The Offer Shares are dematerialized and registered in book-entry form electronically with VP 
Securities A/S, Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8, 1402 Copenhagen. All Shares are registered on 
account with account-holding banks in VP Securities. Investors who are not residents of 
Denmark may use a Danish bank directly or their own bank’s Danish correspondent bank as 
their account-holding bank. All Shares are registered in the name of the holder in the 
Company’s register of shareholders. The Company’s register of shareholders is kept by VP 
Securities. 
o 
Currency  
The Shares are denominated in DKK (Danish Kroner). 
o 
Rights Attached To The Shares 
Dividend rights  
 
Each Share entitles its holder to receive distributed dividends. The Offer Shares will have the 
same rights and rank pari passu with the Existing Shares, including in respect of eligibility to 
receive dividends and participate in share buybacks. Upon the issuance and registration of the 
Offer Shares to be issued by the Company according to the Offering with the Danish Business 
Authority, the Offer Shares will be entitled to receive dividends to the extent any dividends are 
declared and payable with respect to the Offer Shares.  
 
The Company’s dividends, if declared, are paid in Danish Kroner to the shareholder’s account 
set up through VP Securities. No restrictions on dividends or special procedure apply to holders 
of Shares who are not residents of Denmark.

--- Page 50 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
50 
 
 
The Company’s dividend policy is described in section [Share Capital]. Dividends not claimed 
by shareholders will be forfeited in favor of the Company, normally after three years, under the 
general rules of Danish law on statute of limitations. 
 
Voting rights 
The Offer Shares are issued with a nominal value of DKK 100 or multiples thereof. Each Share 
gives the holder the right to one vote at General Meetings. No shareholders have different 
voting rights. 
 
Pre-emption rights 
Under Danish law, all shareholders have preemptive subscription rights in connection with 
capital increases effected as cash contributions. An increase in the share capital can be 
resolved by the shareholders at a General Meeting or by the Board of Directors pursuant to an 
authorisation given by the shareholders. In connection with an increase of the share capital, 
the shareholders may, by resolution at a General Meeting, approve deviations from the general 
Danish pre-emptive rights of the shareholders. Under the Danish Companies Act, such 
resolution must be adopted by the affirmative vote of shareholders holding at least a two-thirds 
majority of the votes and the share capital represented at a General Meeting. 
Furthermore, it is a prerequisite that the capital increase is subscribed for at market price, and 
if less than the market price, such resolution must be adopted by the affirmative vote of a 
minimum of 90 percent of the votes cast and the share capital represented at a General 
Meeting and in some cases by all shareholders. 
 
Right to share in the issuer’s profits 
Each share has equal rights to the assets and potential profits of the Company. 
 
Dissolution and liquidation  
In the event of a dissolution and liquidation of the Company, the shareholders will be entitled 
to participate in the distribution of assets in proportion to their nominal shareholdings after 
payment of the Company’s creditors. 
 
Redemption and conversion provision 
Except as provided for in the Danish Companies Act, no shareholders are under an obligation 
to have his or her Shares redeemed in part or in whole by the Company or any third party, and 
none of the Shares carry any redemption or conversion rights or any other special rights. 
o 
Resolutions, Authorisations And Approvals Of The Offering 
The decision to apply for the Offer Shares to be traded on Nasdaq First North Growth Market 
Denmark and approval of this Prospectus has been made by the Board of Directors at a board 
meeting held on 13. June 2022. The first day of trading is expected to be 14. July 2022 under 
the condition that the distribution and free float requirements for the Company’s shares are 
met by the first day of trading, at the latest. The Shares will be traded under the ticker “SWISS” 
and with the ISIN DK0061805660 and expected to be issued on or around 11. July 2022.

--- Page 51 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
51 
 
o 
Negotiability Of The Shares 
The Shares are negotiable instruments, and no restriction under Danish law applies to the 
transferability of the Shares.  
 
The Company’s articles of association do not contain any transfer restrictions. 
o 
Tax considerations 
Investors should be aware that tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and the 
Company’s country of incorporation may impact the income received from the securities.  
 
Potential shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors regarding the applicable 
taxation related to the Offering.

--- Page 52 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
52 
 
7. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
o 
Expected Timetable Of The Offering 
DATE  
EVENT  
21. June 2022 
9:00 CET 
The Offer Period begins  
4. July 2022 
23:59 CET 
The Offer Period ends 
6. July 2022 
12:00 CET 
Result of the Offering is announced  
12. July 2022 
 
The Offering is complete, and the Offer Shares have been settled. 
Registration of the Shares with the Danish Business Authority and 
VP Securities has been finalized. 
14. July 2022 
 
The Shares have first day of trading on Nasdaq First North Growth 
Market under permanent ISIN conditional on final completion. 
15. July 2022 
 
Temporary ISIN and permanent ISIN are merged in VP Securities. 
 
The above timetable is subject to change. Any changes will be announced via Nasdaq First 
North Growth Market. 
o 
Terms Of The Offering 
The Company is offering minimum 1,000,000 and maximum 2,000,000 Offer Shares, 
corresponding to a subscription amount of up to DKK 215 million. 
o 
Offer Period And Submission Of Applications To Subscribe 
Offer Period 
The Offer Period begins on 21. June 2022, at 9:00 CET and ends on 4. July 2022, at 23:59 
CET. Early closure of the Offering will not be admitted. 
Submission Of Applications To Subscribe 
Applications to subscribe for Offer Shares in the Offering should be made by submitting the 
application form enclosed in this Prospectus to the investor’s account holding bank during the 
Offer Period. Applications are binding and cannot be altered or cancelled. Applications should 
be made for the number of Offer Shares or an aggregate amount rounded to the nearest 
Danish Kroner amount. Only one application will be accepted from each account in VP 
Securities. If more than one application is submitted from the same account, the financial 
advisors reserve the right to consider only the largest application valid. For orders to be 
accepted, the application form must be submitted to the investor’s account holding bank in a 
complete and executed form in due time to allow the investor’s account holding bank to process 
and forward the application to ensure that it is in the possession of Jyske Bank no later than

--- Page 53 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
53 
 
23:59 Central European Time on 4. July 2022. Subscription applications over DKK 250,000 
must include the name and address of the subscriber. 
Subscription using Nordnet 
Persons who are account customers at Nordnet AB may apply for the acquisition of shares 
through Nordnet’s Online Service. Application with Nordnet can be made until 4. July 2022 at 
23:59 CET. Please note that applications through Nordnet can be amended or withdrawn until 
the end of the Offer Period. In order not to lose the right to the allotment, account customers 
at Nordnet are to have enough cash equivalents available at the account during the period 
from 23:59 CET on 4. July 2022 until the settlement day, which is estimated to be 11. July 
2022. More information regarding the application process is available at www.nordnet.dk. 
Provided that the Offering is completed, the Offer Shares will be allocated to investors following 
the allocation plan described below. Customers who have applied for the acquisition of shares 
through Nordnet’s Online Service will receive the decision on the allotment of shares by the 
delivery of the allotted shares to the account designated by the customer. Payment for the 
allotted shares will be charged simultaneously from the account designated by the customer. 
o 
Allocation of Shares Subscribed 
In the event that the total number of Offer Shares applied for in the Offering exceeds the 
number of Offer Shares, the reduction will be made as follows: 
• 
Pre-subscribed Shares are allocated 100 %. 
• 
With respect to applications for amounts of up to and including DKK 250,000, 
reductions will be made mathematically; and 
• 
With respect to applications for amounts of more than DKK 250,000, individual 
allocations will be made. 
Baker Tilly Corporate Finance will allocate the Offer Shares after agreement upon such 
allocations with the Board of Directors.  
 
1,213,682 Offer Shares will be allocated to the Pre-subscribers from whom the Company has 
received an irrevocable subscription undertaking for a total of DKK 130,470,815.00.  
 
Following the expiration of the Offer Period, investors will normally receive a statement 
indicating the number of Offer Shares allocated, if any, and the equivalent value at the Offer 
Price, unless otherwise agreed between the investor and the relevant account holding bank.  
 
Applications to subscribe for Offer Shares in the Offering may not result in an allocation of 
Offer Shares should the Offering be oversubscribed.  
 
If the total application in the Offering exceeds the number of Offer Shares, a reduction will be 
made. In such event, Baker Tilly Corporate Finance reserves the right to require 
documentation to verify that each application relates to a single account in VP Securities.  
 
Further, Baker Tilly Corporate Finance reserves the right to require documentation to verify the 
authenticity of all orders, to demand the name of each subscriber, to pass on such information

--- Page 54 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
54 
 
to the Company, and to make individual allocations if several orders are determined to have 
originated from the same purchaser. To the extent several orders are determined to have 
originated from the same purchaser, only the largest order in Danish Kroner will be considered, 
and all other orders will be rejected.  
 
Upon completion of the Offering, the Company’s share capital will be DKK 222,500,000 divided 
into 2,225,000 Shares with a nominal value of DKK 100 each, in the event that the maximum 
number of Offer Shares is sold; and DKK 122,500,000 divided into 1,225,000 Shares in the 
event that the minimum number of Offer Shares is sold. 
o 
Minimum And/Or Maximum Subscription Amounts 
The minimum subscription amount is 75 Offer Shares of nominally DKK 100 equivalent to a 
subscription order of DKK 8,062.50. No maximum purchase amount applies to the Offering. 
However, the number of shares is limited to the number of Offer Shares in the Offering. 
o 
Withdrawal Of The Offering 
Completion of the Offering is conditional upon the Offering not being withdrawn. The Company 
may withdraw the Offering at any time before the announcement of the result of the Offering 
takes place.  
 
The Offering may also be withdrawn if Nasdaq Copenhagen is not satisfied that there will be 
a sufficient number of qualified shareholders of the Shares or if conditions for free float are not 
satisfied. Any withdrawal of the Offering will be announced immediately through Nasdaq First 
North Growth Market. The Offering may be withdrawn if there are insufficient subscribers for 
the Offer Shares. 
o 
Investors’ Withdrawal Rights  
In the event that the Company is required to publish an amendment to this Prospectus, or 
amend the Offer Price, between the date of publication of this Prospectus and the close of the 
Offer Period at 23:59 CET on 4. July 2022, the Company will make an announcement via 
Nasdaq First North Growth Market and publish an amendment to this Prospectus with an 
updated timetable for completion of the Offering. Investors, including Pre-subscribers, who 
have submitted orders to subscribe Offer Shares in the Offering shall have three trading days 
following the publication of the relevant amendment within which the investors can withdraw 
their offer to subscribe Offer Shares in the Offering in its entirety. 
The Offer Period will only be extended if the announcement containing significant information 
is published later than two trading days before the end of the Offer Period. Should the investor 
not withdraw the application within three trading days after publication of the price amendment, 
the submitted subscription application for the specified number of Offer Shares is binding with 
the new offer price, given such an offer price has been specified. If the submitted subscription 
application instead specifies an order amount, the order is binding at the specified amount with 
a new number of Offer Terms and conditions of the Shares adjusted for the new offer price, 
rounded down to the nearest number of Offer Shares. 
 
The right to withdraw an application to subscribe for Offer Shares in the Offering in these 
circumstances will be available to all investors in the Offering, provided the obligation to publish 
an amendment to this Prospectus was triggered before completion of the Offering.

--- Page 55 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
55 
 
o 
Payment And Registration Of The Offer Shares  
The Shares are dematerialized and will be registered in a book-entry form electronically with 
VP Securities A/S, Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8 , 1402 Copenhagen.  
 
All Shares are registered on accounts with account holding banks in VP Securities. Investors 
who are non-residents of Denmark may use a Danish bank directly or their own bank’s Danish 
correspondent bank as their account holding bank.  
 
Payment for and settlement of the Offer Shares are expected to take place on 11. July 2022 
(i.e. the Closing Date), against payment in immediately available funds in DKK (Danish Kroner) 
in the book-entry form to the investors’ accounts with VP Securities. The Offer Shares will be 
issued to investors following registration of the capital increase with the Danish Business 
Authority on the Closing Date.  
The account-holding bank will typically send a statement to the name and address registered 
in VP Securities showing the number of Offer Shares purchased or subscribed for by the 
investor unless otherwise agreed between the investor and the relevant account holding bank. 
This statement also constitutes evidence of the investor’s holding.  
 
All Shares are registered in the name of the holder in the Company’s register of shareholders. 
The Company’s register of shareholders is kept by VP Securities. 
 
All dealings in the Offer Shares prior to settlement of the Offering will be for the account of and 
at the sole risk of the parties involved. 
o 
Publication Of The Result Of The Offering 
The result of the Offering will be announced through Nasdaq First North Growth Market on 6. 
July 2022, before or at 12:00 CET. 
o 
Subscription Undertakings 
The Company has received irrevocable subscription undertakings from 45 Pre-subscribers to 
subscribe for Offer Shares at the Offer Price for a total of DKK 130,470,815.00 in share value, 
corresponding to 121.4% % of the Offering in the event that the minimum number of Offer 
Shares is sold, and 60.7 % of the Offering in the event that the maximum number of Offer 
Shares is sold. 
Of the 45 Pre-subscribers, 3 Pre-subscribers are current shareholders, members of the Board 
of Directors or Management Team in the Company.

--- Page 56 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
56 
 
 
 
*16 pre-subscribers; **3 employees 
1) Swiss Property Ventures AG, ultimately owned by Keld Østergaard (50%), CEO in Swiss Properties Invest AG and Martin A. 
Märki (50%), CFO in the Company and in Swiss Properties Invest AG, the 100% owned subsidiary of the Company. 
2) Chairman of the Board, Thorbjørn Graarud; 6,975 of the 20,000 shares pre-subscribed will be held by LTG Norway AS, jointly 
owned with his wife Lise Graarud 
3) Kiropraktor Sillehoved Holding ApS, ultimately owned by Kirsten Sillehoved, CEO

--- Page 57 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
57 
 
With the exception of the owners of Swiss Property Ventures AG, CEO Kirsten Sillehoved, the 
group of employees in Swiss Properties Invest AG and Thorbjørn Graarud, the remaining Pre-
subscribers are independent from the Company and the Certified Adviser. 
o 
Pricing 
The Board of Directors has specified the Company’s valuation in consultation with Baker Tilly 
Corporate Finance and based on a comprehensive valuation methodology with consideration 
of in particular the value of the Company’s assets, including the assumed appreciation of the 
value of the Company’s first property (Nänikon) acquired, the resources and capabilities 
established, the Company’s risk profile, the Company’s future cash flow generation, and the 
Board of Directors’ and the Management Teams’ expectations for future growth and earnings 
potential. 
 
The Offer Price for the Offer Shares is fixed at DKK 107.50 per share and is determined by the 
above-mentioned valuation. 
o 
Underwriting And Settlement 
The Offering is not subject to any underwriting agreements.  
 
The Company has chosen Jyske Bank to be the settlement agent for the Offering. The 
settlement agreement between Jyske Bank and the Company has certain conditions for which 
the Company deems to be standard practice. If one or more of these conditions are not fulfilled, 
up until the publication of the Offering, the Company may choose to withdraw from the Offering. 
o 
Admission To Trading 
The Shares are expected to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq First North Growth Market on 
14. July 2022. The admission, as well as the continued admission to trading on Nasdaq First 
North Growth Market Denmark, are subject to all admission requirements set forth by Nasdaq 
First North Growth Market and the Prospectus Regulation, for the Company’s Shares are met 
before the first day of trading.  
 
Nasdaq First North Growth Market is a multilateral trading platform operated by Nasdaq and 
does not have the same legal status as a regulated market. Companies trading on Nasdaq 
First North Growth Market are regulated by a different regulatory framework that does not have 
the same legal requirements for trading as the regulated market. However, on both the 
regulated market and Nasdaq First North Growth Market, the Market Abuse Regulation 
applies.  
The risk in investing in a company admitted to trading on Nasdaq First North Growth Market 
may therefore be higher than investing in a company listed on the main market. 
o 
Liquidity Provider 
The Company has not entered into an agreement with a liquidity provider (market maker). 
o 
Lock-Up Agreements 
In connection with the Offering, all existing shareholders have agreed with Swiss Properties 
Invest A/S to enter into a lock-up obligation regarding all Existing Shares held by the

--- Page 58 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
58 
 
shareholders as of the date of the Prospectus, obligating the shareholders not - directly or 
indirectly - to sell, offer for sale, transfer, dispose of, lend, pledge or otherwise dispose of their 
Existing Shares or the ownership rights attached to such Shares without the prior consent of 
the Company’s external adviser (the Certified Adviser) to the Company on the admittance to 
trading on Nasdaq First North Growth Market (the “Lock-Up Obligation”). The external 
advisers’ consent may be granted if deemed reasonable and necessary due to specific 
matters, e.g. for tax reasons and is not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed by the 
advisor(s). 
The Lock-Up Obligation shall apply for all Existing Shares prior to the Offering and is valid for 
a period of 36 months from the first day of trading. After the expiry of the Lock-Up Obligation, 
the Existing Shares are released from the Lock-Up Obligation in one installment. 
The Lock-Up Obligation does not apply to Shares acquired in connection with the Offering, 
including Shares acquired during the presubscription period or later.  
Shareholders with lock-up agreements:  
  
 
Before the Offering, shares locked up makes up 100% of the share capital. Following the 
completion of the Offering, shares locked up will make up 10.1 % of the Company’s total share 
capital, if the maximum number of Offer Shares is sold, and 18.4 % if the minimum number of 
Offer Shares is sold. 
o 
Dilution  
The Existing Shares will be diluted by the issue of 2,000,000 Offer Shares in the Offering in 
the event that the maximum number of Offer Shares is sold; and will be diluted by the issue of 
1,000,000 Offer Shares in the event that the minimum number of Offer Shares is sold, 
corresponding to a total nominal value of DKK 200,000,000 or DKK 100,000,000 respectively. 
Following the completion of the Offering, the Existing Shares will make up 10.1 % of the 
Company’s total share capital, if the maximum number of Offer Shares is sold, and 18.4 % if 
the minimum number of Offer Shares is sold. 
Shareholders
# shares
Months*
Swiss Property Ventures AG
40000
36
          
Christian Seidelin
50000
36
          
LTG Norway AS
22500
36
          
Kiropraktor Sillehoved Holding ApS
22500
36
          
Ejendoms-selskabet af 10/12.21 ApS
22500
36
          
Curatio Holding AG
11250
36
          
SATEE AG
11250
36
          
Rohde ApS
11250
36
          
Soleus Investment AG
11250
36
          
Frank Weyermann
11250
36
          
John Vammen
11250
36
          
*Length of lock-up period

--- Page 59 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
59 
 
o 
Costs Related To The Offering 
In connection with the Offering, the total costs for advisors, lawyer, auditors, marketing, 
commission to account-holding institutions, admission of the Shares to trading, etc. are 
expected to amount to approx. DKK 16 million in the event that the maximum number of Offer 
Shares is sold in the Offering. In the event that the minimum number of Offer Shares is sold in 
the Offering, costs related to the Offering is expected to amount to approx. DKK 10 million. 
Account-holding institutions receive a subscription commission equal to 0.25 % of the price of 
the Offer Shares. 
Upon completion of the Offering, and in the event that the maximum number of Offer Shares 
is sold in the Offering, the Company will receive net proceeds of DKK 199 million, and in the 
event that the minimum number of Offer Shares is sold in the Offering, net proceeds of DKK 
97.5 million.

--- Page 60 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
60 
 
8. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
o 
Board of Directors and Management team  
 
Note: SPI A/S: Swiss Properties Invest A/S; SPI AG: Swiss Properties Invest AG 
The Company’s Board of Directors currently consists of the following three (3) members: 
Thorbjørn Graarud (Chairman of the board), Christian Seidelin (vice chairman) and Kirsten 
Sillehoved. The Board of Directors' primary objective is to undertake the overall and strategic 
management of the Company and to supervise the work of the Management Team. The Board 
of Directors appoints the CEO of the Company. 
The Management Team of the Company consists of Kirsten Sillehoved (CEO). Martin A. Märki 
is appointed as the Company’s CFO. 
The Board of Directors of the wholly owned subsidiary, Swiss Properties Invest AG, consists 
of the following three (3) members: Thorbjørn Graarud (Chairman of the board), Christian 
Seidelin (vice chairman) and Kirsten Sillehoved. The Board of Directors' primary objective is 
to undertake the overall and strategic management of Swiss Properties Invest AG and to 
supervise the work of the Management Team. The Board of Directors appoints the CEO of the 
Company. 
The Management Team of Swiss Properties Invest AG consists of Keld Østergaard (CEO). 
Martin A. Märki is appointed as this company’s CFO. Swiss Properties Invest AG acts as the 
operational business entity as this company holds the portfolio of commercial properties. 
The Management Teams of the Company and Swiss Properties Invest AG have a proven 
record of investments within real estate each with more than 15 years of experience in the 
Swiss real estate market. 
The Management Teams are responsible for carrying out the strategy, implementing the 
growth plan and pursuing the corporate objectives, executing on the buy & build strategy of 
Swiss Properties Invest AG, along with making ongoing tactical decisions as to how best to

--- Page 61 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
61 
 
manage the existing property portfolio as well as planning and structuring the financing and 
refinancing of the property acquisitions.  
• 
The CEO of the Company, Kirsten Sillehoved, has the overall responsibility for the 
general management and corporate governance execution of the Company. 
• 
The CFO of the Company and Swiss Properties Invest AG, Martin A. Märki, is 
responsible for the accounting and management information, contracting and 
managing the service providers, providing property identification and financial advisory 
services. Further, in his capacity as CFO, Martin A. Märki along with the CEO of the 
Company will also assume responsibility of the Company’s disclosure obligations when 
listed.  
• 
The CEO of Swiss Properties Invest AG, Keld Østergaard, is responsible for the day-
to-day operations, as well as qualifying, managing, and acquiring the target properties, 
including the supervision and performance of due diligence concerning the target 
properties, the overall management and operational administration. Further, in his 
capacity as CEO of Swiss Properties Invest AG, Keld Østergaard assumes the 
responsibility of the ongoing maintenance and optimization of the portfolio of properties, 
as well as planning and structuring the financing and refinancing of the property 
acquisitions. 
The Management Team and Board of Directors of the Company come with a diverse 
background, considerable experience, and a wide range of skills from wealth management, 
accounting, chiropractic, real estate companies, facility management, pharmaceuticals, and 
M&A activities.  
Board of Directors 
 
Thorbjørn Graarud  
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Swiss Properties Invest A/S 
since October 2021, and chairman of the Board of Directors of Swiss 
Properties Invest AG since 7. December 2021. 
Thorbjørn is a highly experienced executive with substantial 
experience within facility management. He has been CEO in listed 
companies such as Neas AS and Synnøve Finden AS, and part of 
corporate management in ISS A/S. Thorbjørn is experienced in 
working with private equity from management and board positions.  
Educational background: Master in business and Administration 
from BI, Oslo, NO.  
Shares: Thorbjørn Graarud owns 22,500 shares in the Company via 
the holding company LTG Norway AS, ultimately owned by 
Thorbjørn Graarud (50%) and his wife Lise Graarud (50%).

--- Page 62 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
62 
 
Dependency assessment: Independent. 
Current and former positions of trust: See Section [Other 
positions]. 
 
Christian Seidelin 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Swiss Properties Invest 
A/S since October 2021 and vice chairman of the Board of Directors 
of Swiss Properties Invest AG since May 2022. 
Christian has more than twenty years of experience within 
international treasury and insurance and more than fifteen years of 
experience working with Investor relations in different industries. 
Christians is highly experienced within M&A and has more than ten 
years of international managerial experience.  
Christian has been investing in the Swiss real estate market since 
2011 including participating in investment projects provided by 
Swiss Property Ventures AG and affiliated companies.   
Educational background: Bachelor in international management 
and Economics from Copenhagen Business School, DK. 
Shares: Christian Seidelin owns 50,000 shares in the Company. 
Dependency assessment: Not independent, as Christian is and 
has been an investor in investment projects offered by Swiss 
Property Ventures AG. 
Current and former positions of trust: See Section [Other 
positions]. 
 
Kirsten Sillehoved 
Member of the Board of Directors of Swiss Properties Invest A/S 
since October 2021 and a member of the Board of Directors of Swiss 
Properties Invest AG since May 2022. 
Dependency assessment: Not independent, as Kirsten is and has 
been an investor in investment projects offered by Swiss Property 
Ventures AG.

--- Page 63 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
63 
 
Current and former positions of trust: See Section [Other 
positions]. 
Management Team 
 
Kirsten Sillehoved  
CEO Swiss Properties Invest A/S since October 2021. 
As CEO of Swiss Properties Invest A/S Kirsten’s primary duties 
include corporate governance and general management tasks. Due 
to the fact that Kirsten has invested in the Swiss real estate market 
since 2010, including participating in investment projects provided 
by Swiss Property Ventures AG and affiliated companies, Kirsten 
has gained a valuable knowledge and understanding of the Swiss 
real estate market. 
Kirsten holds an extensive business experience from running her 
own Chiropractic clinic for 40 years and from serving as chairman 
and board member in several professional associations and 
advisory boards.  
Educational background: Doctor of Chiropractic from Palmer 
College of Chiropractic, Iowa, US and Diploma in IT from 
Cphbusiness.  
Shares: Kirsten Sillehoved owns 22,500 shares in the Company via 
her wholly owned holding company Kiropraktor Sillehoved Holding 
ApS. 
 
Martin Anselm Märki  
CFO of Swiss Properties Invest A/S and Swiss Properties Invest AG 
since December 2021. 
As the CFO for the Company and Swiss Properties Invest AG, 
Martin assumes the responsibility for contracting and managing the 
outsourced service providers, accounting and management 
information and ensuring ongoing compliance with the disclosure 
obligations when the Company is listed. Martin has significant 
experience within finance and investing from previous positions at

--- Page 64 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
64 
 
Credit Suisse Fides Trust, Experta-BIL, Dexia Privatbank and being 
founder and partner of the accounting company Avanta AG. As Co-
founder of Swiss Property Ventures AG and investor in the Swiss 
real estate market since 2006 Martin has profound knowledge about 
the Swiss real estate market. 
Educational background: Business School of Commerce, Zurich, 
CH and Certified Fiduciary, Federal Diploma of Higher Education. 
Shares: Martin Märki owns shares in the Company via his ultimate 
ownership of Swiss Property Ventures AG that owns 40,000 shares. 
 
Keld Østergaard 
CEO of Swiss Properties Invest AG since December 2021. 
As CEO of Swiss Properties Invest AG Keld assumes responsibility 
for Swiss Properties Invest AG’s main activities. Keld’s duties 
include due diligence and acquisition of target real estate properties, 
management and operational optimization of the portfolio of real 
estate properties as well as financing and refinancing of the real 
estate property acquisitions. As Co-founder of Swiss Property 
Ventures AG and investor in the Swiss real estate market since 2006 
Keld is an experienced investor in the Swiss real estate market.  
Keld has previous experience with Nasdaq First North Growth 
Market from being co-founder and board member of European 
Lifecare Group A/S (tidl. Danske Lægers Vaccinations Service A/S) 
which was admitted to trading on Nasdaq First North Growth Market 
from 2006 to 2011.  
Educational background: Medical Doctor and Doctor of 
Philosophy from University of Copenhagen, DK, and Doctor of 
Chiropractic from Anglo European College of Chiropractic, UK. 
Shares: Keld Østergaard owns shares in the Company via his 
ultimate ownership of Swiss Property Ventures AG that owns 40,000 
shares.

--- Page 65 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
65 
 
o 
Board Practices and Governance 
The Company has well-established processes for corporate governance and internal control. 
As part of the Company’s governance structure, the Board of Directors has compiled detailed 
instructions for the Management Team clearly stating the distribution of responsibilities 
between the Management Team and the Board of Directors, the division of responsibilities in 
the Management Team, and the obligations of the Board of Directors respectively the 
Management Team. 
The Board of Directors holds the ultimate responsibility of the Company and the supervision 
of the Management Team. Pursuant to the Danish Companies Act and the articles of 
association, the members of the Board of Directors of the Company are elected at the annual 
general meeting. Board members are elected for a period of 1 year, Reelection may take place.  
The Board of Directors elects its chairman among its members. In the case of parity of votes, 
the Chairman has the casting vote. 
Among other things, the Board of Directors shall ensure that  
● 
the accounting and financial reporting are carried out in a manner that, according to the 
Company’s circumstances, is satisfactory,  
● 
the necessary risk management and internal control procedures have been put in 
place;  
● 
the Board of Directors continuously receives the necessary reporting on the Company’s 
financial affairs; 
● 
the Management Team carries out its duties in an appropriate manner and in 
accordance with the guidelines of the Board of Directors, and  
● 
the Company’s financial resources at all times are sound, including sufficient liquidity 
to meet the Company’s current and future liabilities as they become due, and the Board 
of Directors is thus obliged at all times to assess the financial situation and ensure that 
the financial resources present are sound.  
o 
Statement on past records 
No member of the Management Team or the Board of Directors is currently or has been in the 
last five years 1) charged or convicted for fraudulent offences, or 2) subject to public charges 
and/or sanctions whereby the member has been disqualified to act as a member of an issuer’s 
Board of Directors, Management Team or supervisory body. 
In addition, no member of the Management Team or the Board of Directors has been part of 
senior management of companies that have gone bankrupt, gone into liquidation or went into 
liquidation, except for the specific situations provided in the following: 
Martin A. Märki 
• 
Geschäftsführer; DataPlan IT Schweiz GmbH; Dissolved after liquidation, 19 May 2021 
• 
VR Mitglied; Fionnoel AG; Dissolved after liquidation, 9 November 2020

--- Page 66 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
66 
 
• 
Einziges Mitglied; P.S.E. Direct AG; Dissolved after liquidation, 19 August 2019 
• 
VR Mitglied; Tao Trust Switzerland Ltd.; Under liquidation, since 3 April 2020 
• 
ZZDW zurück zu den wurzeln AG, declared bankruptcy 7 March 2022 
o 
Other positions (re. Board of Directors) 
An overview of other current and previous positions (within the last five years) held by the 
Board of Directors of the Company has been provided in the following: 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 
Thorbjørn Graarud 
Current management positions:  
• 
Professional board member 
Management positions past five years: 
• 
Facility Management Director Toma Gruppen  (since September 
2015 – December 2021)  
Current Board seats: 
• 
Chairman EVAT AS (since March 2021) 
• 
Board member Quality Healthcare Group AS (since January 
2021) 
• 
Chairman Avarn Finland OY (since June 2020) 
Board seats past five years: 
• 
Board member Norva 24 AS (March 2015 – June 2021) 
• 
Board member Toma Gruppen (March 2015 – May 2021)  
• 
Chairman European Lifecare Group A/S (tidl. Danske Lægers 
Vaccinations Service A/S (January 2008 – January 2014)  
• 
Vice chairman European Lifecare Group A/S (tidl. Danske 
Lægers Vaccinations Service A/S (January 2014 – January 
2019)  
Other positions: 
• 
Board observer for DNB Aviator AB (February 2016 – January 
2020)

--- Page 67 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
67 
 
 
Christian Seidelin 
Current management positions:  
• 
CEO and Managing Director, CBS Holding ApS (since December 
2013)  
• 
Managing Director CTCSHM Holding ApS (since June 2019) 
Management positions past five years: 
• 
None 
Current Board seats: 
• 
Chairman of the Board Promentum Capital A/S (since June 
2014) 
• 
Chairman of the Board Penfor Pensionsforsikringsselskab P/S 
(since June 2021) 
• 
Vice Chairman Ammelund Ejendomme A/S (since June 2021) 
• 
Board member Komplementarselskabet Boligeftersyn ApS 
(since June 2018) 
• 
Board member Domutech A/S (since June 2018) 
• 
Board member ActionPlanner A/S (since January 2014) 
Board seats past five years: 
• 
Chairman of the Board - Boliga Gruppen A/S (April 2015 - 
March 2019) 
• 
Board member Hussyn.Pro ApS (June 2019 - April 2021) 
• 
Board member TG Partners IV P/S (March 2014 – November 
2016) 
• 
Board member TG Partners V P/S (June 2015 – March 2018) 
• 
Board member B.K. Consult P/S (December 2019 - May 2021) 
• 
Board member PP Capital Holding A/S (February 2016- April 
2022 ) 
• 
Board 
member 
PP 
Capital 
Asset 
Management 
Fondsmæglerselskab A/S (February 2016 – April 2022 ) 
 
 
Other positions: 
None

--- Page 68 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
68 
 
 
Kirsten Sillehoved 
Current management positions:  
• 
CEO, Swiss Properties Invest A/S (since October 2021) 
• 
CEO, Kirsten Sillehoved Holding ApS (since January 1978) 
Management positions past five years: 
• 
None 
Current Board seats: 
• 
Chair of Kiropraktorkredsforeningen (Region Sjælland) under The 
Danish Chiropractic Association (since October 1986) 
Board seats past five years: 
• 
None 
Other positions: 
• 
Committee member of Rotary (since February 2005 - ) 
• 
Member of Local Advisory Board Spar Nord Bank Slagelse (2013-
2019) 
 
 
The business address for the current members of the Board of Directors and the Management 
Team is Schleppegrellsgade 8, DK 2200 Copenhagen N; Denmark. 
o 
Remuneration and benefits 
All members of the Board of Directors of the Company and Swiss Properties Invest AG receive 
a fixed annual cash remuneration only.  
- 
The annual cash remuneration to the chairman of the Board, Thor Bjørn Graarud, is 
DKK 100,000. 
- 
The annual cash remuneration to the vice chairman of the Board, Christian Seidelin, is 
DKK 75,000. 
- 
The annual cash remuneration to the member of the Board, Kirsten Sillehoved, is DKK 
50,000. 
Payment of fees to members of the Board will start from 4th quarter, 2022. 
The members of the Management Team of the Company and Swiss Properties Invest AG 
receive a fixed annual remuneration only as follows:

--- Page 69 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
69 
 
- 
The annual remuneration to the CEO of the Company, Kirsten Sillehoved, is DKK 
50,000. 
- 
The annual remuneration to the CEO of Swiss Properties Invest AG, Keld Østergaard,  
is CHF 21,000. 
- 
The annual remuneration to the CFO of Swiss Properties Invest AG, Martin Märki, is 
CHF 21,000. 
In addition, the above members of the Management Team are entitled to receive customary 
benefits in accordance with market standards. 
In special circumstances, the Board of Directors can decide to allocate extraordinary 
remuneration – such as a signing bonus, retention bonus, compensation for a non-competition 
clause, compensation for relocation or severance pay – if deemed suitable to promote the 
Company’s long-term interests. The value of such extraordinary remuneration may represent 
a value of up to 75% of the member’s fixed salary. 
No amounts have been set aside or accrued by the Company or its subsidiary to provide for  
pension, retirement or similar benefits.

--- Page 70 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
70 
 
9. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Below are the Company’s audited consolidated financial accounts for first fiscal period: 
8.10.2021-31.12.2021 and non-audited, reviewed consolidated financial accounts for the 1st 
quarter of 2022: 1.1.22 to 31.3.22. The Company’s financial accounts have been prepared in 
accordance with the Danish Financial Statements Act (Årsregnskabsloven). 
Group figures are the consolidated financial accounts for Swiss Properties Invest A/S and its 
subsidiary Swiss Properties Invest AG. Parent figures are the financial accounts for Swiss 
Properties Invest A/S. 
Profit and Loss Statement 
Group 
Group 
Parent  
Parent  
DKK  
01.01.22 
31.03.22 
2021* 
01.01.22 
31.03.22 
2021* 
 
Revenue 
712,293 
                   0  
  525,000  
                    0  
Property costs 
-         51,748  
                   0  
                    0  
                    0  
Gross Profit  
  
        660,545  
                   0  
525,000  
                    0  
Staff costs 
-         79,015 
                   0  
                   0  
                    0  
Cost of premises  
-         32,295  
-         10,714  
                   0  
                    0  
Administrative expenses 
-       282,036 
-       139,812  
-         108,038 
-         88,522  
Operating profit / loss 
  
267,199 
-       150,526  
416,962 
-         88,522  
Financial income 
                   0  
          68,150  
            3,480  
          68,150  
Financial expenses  
  
-         95,511  
-           7,544  -               1,749 
-              209  
Profit/loss before tax  
          171,688 
-         89,920  
       418,693 
-         20,581  
Tax for the year 
  
-         98,959 
-              714  -           89,932 
                   0  
Profit/loss for the year 
  
         72,729 
-         90,634  
328,761 
-           20,581  
* Company’s audited consolidated financial accounts for first fiscal period: 8.10.2021-31.12.2021 
Balance sheet  
Group 
Group 
Parent  
Parent  
DKK  
31.03.22 
31.12.21 
31.03.22 
31.12.21 
Investment properties  
 65,343,579 
0 
0 
                0 
Prepayments for property, plant, and 
equipment  
  
                0  
  
     717,600 
 
                0 
 
                0 
Total property, plant, and equipment  
  
  
65,343,579         717,600  
  
0  
  
0  
Equity investments in group enterprises 
  
 
                0 
 
                0    21,523,462          709,582  
Total investments 
             0 
        0 
21,523,462  
709,582

--- Page 71 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
71 
 
Total non-current assets 
  
 65,343,579 
      717,600   21,523,462  
      709,582  
Trade receivables 
        4,864 
               0 
                0 
                0 
Receivables from group enterprises  
               0 
                0 
                0 
 20,810,400  
Other receivables 
 
0 
0 
13,750 
0 
Prepayments 
  
     745,500 
375,000  
745,500 
375,000  
Total receivables  
750,364 
375,000  
759,250 
21,185,400  
Cash  
     1,854,734    22,138,381          643,525         649,437  
Total current assets 
  
2,605,098 
 22,513,381     1,402,775 
21,834,837  
Total assets 
  
67,948,677 
23,230,981   22,926,237 
 22,544,419  
 
Balance sheet  
Group 
Group 
Parent  
Parent  
DKK  
31.03.22 
31.12.21 
31.03.22 
31.12.21 
Share capital  
   22,500,000  
   22,500,000  
   22,500,000  
   22,500,000  
Foreign currency 
translation reserve  
210,216 
            7,689  
                    0  
                    0  
Retained earnings 
  
-       17,905 
-         90,634  
         308,180 
-         20,581  
Total equity  
   22,692,311 
   22,417,055  
   22,808,180 
   22,479,419  
 
Payables to other credit 
institutions  
   41,655,875 
0 
0 
0 
Prepayments received 
from customers 
 
275,083 
0 
0 
0 
Trade payables  
          28,125 
          65,000  
          28,125  
          65,000  
Income taxes 
          99,683 
               718  
89,932 
0 
Other payables 
  
     3,197,600 
        748,208  
0 
0 
Total current liabilities  
   45,256,366 
        813,926  
          118,057 
          65,000  
Total liabilities 
  
   45,256,366 
        813,926  
          118,057 
          65,000  
Total equity and 
liabilities   
  
   67,948,677 
   23,230,981  
   22,926,237 
   22,544,419  
 
Consolidated cash flow statement  
  
 
 
DKK  
01.01.22 
31.03.22 
2021

--- Page 72 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
72 
 
Profit for the year 
  
72,729 
-         90,634  
Adjustments 
397,003  
-         52,199  
Change in working capital: 
   Receivables 
-       375,364 
-       375,000  
   Trade payables  
 -         36,875 
          65,000  
   Other payables relating to operating activities  
     2,724,475  
        748,208  
Cash flows from operating activities before net financials 
  
     2,781,968 
        295,375  
Interest income and similar income received 
                    0  
          68,150  
Interest expenses and similar expenses  
-         95,511 
-           7,544  
Cash flows from operating activities 
  
     2,686,457 
        355,981  
Purchase of property, plant, and equipment 
-  64,625,979 
-       717,600  
Cash flow from investing activities 
  
-  64,625,979 
-       717,600  
Raising of additional capital  
                    0  
   22,500,000  
Arrangement of payables to other credit institutions  
   41,655,875 
                    0  
Cash flow from financing activities 
  
   41,655,875  
   22,500,000  
Total cash flow for the period  
  
-  20,283,647 
   22,138,381  
  
Cash beginning of period  
   22,138,381  
                    0  
Cash end of period  
  
     1,854,734 
   22,138,381  
 
o 
P&L Key figures 
o 
Comments on selected P&L Key figures  
The following section describes the development in main financial items between 2021 and 
Q1; 2022 to provide an overview of the Company’s financial position and general financial 
trend. 
Revenue 
The acquisition of the Company’s first property was completed on January 26 and with effect 
from January 1, 2022.  
As a consequence, and due to rental income from the acquired property, revenue during the 
first quarter of 2022 was DKK 712,293. 
Administrative expenses

--- Page 73 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
73 
 
Administrative expenses increased from DKK 139,812 in FY2021 to DKK 282,036 during the 
first quarter of 2022.  
Earnings before interest and taxes 
EBIT was DKK 267,199 for the first quarter of 2022 up from DKK -150,526 in FY2021.  
Profit after tax  
Profit after tax was DKK 72,729 for the first quarter of 2022 compared to DKK -90,634 in FY 
2021. 
o 
Balance Sheet Figures 
o 
Comments on selected balance sheet figures  
Investment properties  
With the purchase of the Company’s first commercial property Investment properties increased 
from DKK 0 in FY2021 to DKK 65,343,579 by March 31.  
Prepayments for property, plant, and equipment  
By December 31, 2021, Prepayments for property, plant and equipment was DKK 717,600. By 
March 31, 2022, the amount was down to DKKK 0.  
Prepayments  
Prepayments was DKK 375,000 in FY2021 by March 31, 2022, the amount had increased to 
DKK 745,500.  
Cash  
The cash position of the Company was DKK 22,138,381 by December 31, 2021. Due to the 
purchase of the Company’s first property in Nänikon the cash position as of March 31, 2022, 
had decreased to DKK 1,854,734. 
Total assets  
The total assets of the Company amounted to DKK 23,230,981 in FY2021. The total assets of 
the Company had increased to DKK 67,948,677 by March 31, 2022.  
Equity  
The equity of Company was DKK 22,692,311 by March 31, 2022. 
Payables to other credit institutions  
Payables to other credit institutions was DKK 41,655,875 by March 31, 2022.  
Trade payables  
As of March 31, 2022, trade payables was DKK 28,125.

--- Page 74 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
74 
 
Other payables  
By December 31, 2021, other payables was DKK 748,208. This amount had increased to DKK 
3,197,600 by March 31, 2022.  
Total equity and liabilities  
Total equity and liabilities had increased from DKK 23,230,981 in FY 2021 to DKK 67,948,677 
by March 31, 2022.  
o 
Cash flow statement  
o 
Comments on selected Cash Flow figures  
Cash flow from operating activities  
Cash flow from operating activities was DKK 2,686,457 for the period January 1, 2022, to 
March 31, 2022.  
Cash flow from investing activities  
Cash flow from investing activities was DKK -64,625,979 for the period January 1, 2022, to 
March 31, 2022.  
Cash flow from financing activities  
Cash flow from financing activities was DKK 41,655,875 for the period January 1, 2022, to 
March 31, 2022.  
o 
Developments since the last reported financial period 
There has been no significant changes in the Company’s financial positions since March 31, 
2022. 
o 
Ongoing and upcoming significant investments 
The Company is currently not committed to any significant investments. The Company is, as 
part of the strategy, continuing the identification of additional potential commercial properties 
to be acquired by Swiss Properties Invest AG. 
o 
Information about the auditor 
The auditor of Swiss Properties Invest A/S is Torben Pedersen, Statutory Auditor (mne32739) 
of Beierholm Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab. The address of the auditor is Læsøvej 
5A, 9800 Hjørring, Denmark.

--- Page 75 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
75 
 
10. CAPITALIZATION, INDEBTEDNESS AND WORKING CAPITAL 
o 
Capitalization 
As of March 31, 2022, total equity in the Company was DKK 22,692,311, and interest-bearing 
debt was DKK 41,755,558. 
Shareholder's equity and liabilities  
  
  
  
31.03.22 
Equity  
   Share capital  
   22,500,000  
   Foreign currency translation reserve  
210,385  
   Retained earnings 
-         17,905 
   Shareholder's equity  
  
  
      22,692,311 
Interest-bearing debt  
   Payables to other credit institutions 
   41,655,875 
   Income taxes 
          99,683 
   Total interest-bearing debt  
  
  
   41,755,558 
Cash and cash equivalent  
   Cash  
     1,854,734 
   Net interest-bearing debt  
  
  
   39,900,824 
o 
Net indebtedness 
As of March 31, 2022, the Company’s cash and cash equivalents was DKK 1,854,734. The 
Company’s interest-bearing debt was DKK 41,755,558, see below. This corresponds to a net 
debt level of DKK 39,900,824. 
Lender 
Debt at 31.3.22 
Debt at Prospectus 
Date 
Main Terms / Comments 
Glarner Kantonalbank 
CHF 5,750,000 
(DKK 41,755,558) 
CHF 5,750,000 
(DKK 41,755,558) 
Mortgage Loan; Variable 
Interest SARON (1.15% p.a. as 
of May 2022); Quarterly 
Repayments of CHF 22,500; 1st 
Repayment 30. June 2022 
The interest-bearing debt, raised to finance the first property acquisition, is stated as ‘Payables 
to other credit institutions’, under current liabilities in the Company’s balance sheet, as the loan 
can be terminated with 90 days’ notice period. The Management Team does not see this as 
an issue, as there are other financing alternatives readily available, should Glarner 
Kantonalbank decide to terminate the loan.

--- Page 76 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
76 
 
o 
Working capital statement 
It is the Management Teams’ assessment that the Company has sufficient capital, including 
working capital and cash flow, to fund the operations of the Company for at least 12 months 
from the date of this Prospectus. 
The Offering, if completed, will provide the Company with gross proceeds of minimum DKK 
100 million to fund the acquisition of additional properties according to the business plan, cf. 
section [Business Strategy].

--- Page 77 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
77 
 
11. LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
o 
Related party transactions 
The Company’s related parties include the Company’s Board of Directors, the Management 
Team, affiliates to the said persons, and the existing shareholders of the Company. Related 
parties also include companies in which these persons and shareholders have significant 
influence. 
No transactions between the Company and related parties exist which are material to the 
Company, except as stated in the following:  
Leased premises 
The Company’s subsidiary Swiss Properties Invest AG leases premises located at 
Neuhofstrasse 5A, 3rd, CH 6430 Baar. The premises are leased from Avanta Business Center 
AG according to lease agreement of 30 November 2021. Martin Märki, CFO of the Company 
as well as ultimate owner of Swiss Property Ventures AG, is a shareholder in Avanta Business 
Center AG. 
The lease agreement is assessed by the Board of Directors to be on arm’s length terms. 
Management Services Agreement between the Company and Swiss Properties Invest AG 
The Company and Swiss Properties Invest AG has entered into a Management Services 
Agreement on 7 December 2021, pursuant to which the Company is appointed as the business 
manager and non-exclusive agent of Swiss Properties Invest AG.  
Pursuant to the agreement, the Company shall provide services relating to the raise of capital 
to Swiss Properties Invest AG through the Company prior to, under and after the admittance 
to trading as well as general management services to Swiss Properties Invest AG. 
Remuneration: For the services rendered, Swiss Properties Invest AG shall pay a 
management services fee based on the documented costs price incurred delivering the 
services to Swiss Properties Invest AG with 5 % mark-up. 
Term: The Management Services Agreement shall be in force for a term of one year 
commencing on 7 December 2021. However, the Agreement automatically renews for 
successive one year periods unless and until the Company and/or Swiss Properties Invest AG 
give a 6 months’ written termination notice to the first date of a month. 
Governing law: The Management Services Agreement shall be governed by the laws of 
Denmark. 
Swiss Properties Invest AG service agreements with Swiss Property Ventures AG, Swiss 
Property Advice & Finance AG and Swiss Solar Ventures AG 
The Company’s subsidiary, Swiss Properties Invest AG, has entered into service agreements 
with Swiss Property Ventures AG, Swiss Property Advice & Finance AG and Swiss Solar 
Ventures AG. Swiss Property Advice & Finance AG and Swiss Solar Ventures AG are wholly 
owned by Swiss Property Ventures AG.

--- Page 78 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
78 
 
Reference is made to section [Background] regarding the relation between these companies 
and the Company.  
All agreements are assessed by the Board of Directors to be on arm’s length terms. 
Swiss Property Ventures AG: 
Swiss Properties Invest AG and Swiss Property Ventures AG has entered into Property 
Investment Agreement on 12 December 2021.  
The services rendered from Swiss Property Ventures AG to Swiss Properties Invest AG 
primarily include identification and introduction of potential properties to Swiss Properties 
Invest AG, relationship management of the seller until completion of the acquisition, 
performance of due diligence concerning the property, the tenants, taxes and VAT, as well 
as negotiating the acquisition price, terms and conditions with the seller and the seller’s 
broker, participating in the preparation of the acquisition agreement with the notary 
and clearance of legal issues, if any, with regard to the holding of real estate by foreign 
nationals. Further, in connection with a possible sale of a portfolio property, Swiss Property 
Ventures AG shall assist the Company in all aspects of the sale. 
Remuneration: Swiss Properties Invest AG shall pay to Swiss Property Ventures AG a one-off 
fee of 5 % of the acquisition price excl. VAT of the acquired property, once the acquisition has 
been notarized. This fee includes all external costs for broker's fee which are to be paid directly 
by Swiss Property Ventures AG. 
Any additional costs associated with the acquisition of the property shall be paid directly by the 
Company. 
In the event of a sale of a portfolio property, the Company shall pay 2 % excl. VAT of the sale 
price of the portfolio property to Swiss Property Ventures AG. 
Further, Swiss Properties Invest AG shall reimburse Swiss Property Ventures AG all expenses 
reasonably incurred by Swiss Property Ventures AG in the proper performance of Swiss Solar 
Ventures AGs duties under the Property Investment Agreement.  
Termination: Either party may terminate the Property Investment Agreement with six months’ 
notice to the end of a month by registered letter. 
Governing law: The Financial Management Agreement shall be governed by the laws of 
Switzerland. 
Swiss Property Advice & Finance AG: 
Swiss Properties Invest AG and Swiss Property Advice & Finance AG has entered into 
Financial Management Agreement on 12 December 2021.  
The services rendered from Swiss Property Advice & Finance AG to Swiss Properties Invest 
AG primarily include  financial management related services such as: relationship 
management of financing partners including banks, negotiating terms and conditions of 
mortgage(s) on an ongoing basis, cashflow planning for and the underlying property 
project payment of interest and amortisation to banks; answering requests from banks and 
authorities regarding the compliance with money laundering laws and “Know Your Customer”

--- Page 79 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
79 
 
(KYC) 
regulations; planning, 
structuring 
and 
organising 
the 
re-financing 
of 
properties; planning, structuring and organising the financing of renovation and development 
projects and liquidity management. 
Regarding the financing of the property, services rendered includes primarily planning and 
structuring the financing for the acquisition of the property, negotiating the terms and 
conditions of mortgages, selecting banks as providers of financing as well as assisting Swiss 
Properties Invest AG's staff with requests from banks and authorities regarding the compliance 
with money laundering laws and “Know Your Customer” (KYC) regulations. 
Remuneration: The remuneration for the services rendered by Swiss Property Advice & 
Finance AG are comprised by an initial fee and an annual fee. The initial fee constitutes 1.5 % 
excl. VAT of the mortgage volume and falls due as soon as the financing is confirmed and 
initiated. The annual fee constitutes 0.25 % p.a. excl. VAT of the mortgage volumes for the 
services rendered. The annual fee must be paid when the financing is confirmed, initiated, and 
prospectively paid quarterly based on current conditions. The annual fee will be adapted to the 
current conditions quarterly. 
Further, Swiss Properties Invest AG shall reimburse Swiss Property Advice & Finance AG all 
expenses reasonably incurred by Swiss Property Advice & Finance AG  in the proper 
performance of Swiss Solar Ventures AGs duties under the Financial Management 
Agreement. 
Termination: The agreement may be terminated by either Party at any time. No termination 
notice period applies. 
Governing law: The Financial Management Agreement shall be governed by the laws of 
Switzerland. 
Swiss Solar Ventures AG: 
Swiss Properties Invest AG and Swiss Solar Ventures AG has entered into Solar Investment 
Agreement on 12 December 2021.  
The services rendered from Swiss Solar Ventures AG to Swiss Properties Invest AG primarily 
include planning the project including selection of the optimal solar panels with respect to each 
portfolio property, obtaining the required permissions from authorities, negotiating purchase 
price, 
terms, 
and 
conditions, supervising 
the 
construction 
of 
the 
project, 
and 
making agreements with the local electricity provider. 
Regarding the financing of the project, services rendered includes primarily planning and 
structuring the financing, negotiating the terms and conditions of mortgages, selecting banks 
as providers of financing as well as assisting Swiss Properties Invest AG's staff with requests 
from banks and authorities regarding the compliance with money laundering laws and “Know 
Your Customer” (KYC) regulations. 
Remuneration: Swiss Properties Invest AG shall pay to Swiss Solar Ventures AG a fee of 10 
% excl. VAT of the total investment for each solar panel and solar thermal project. The 
remuneration falls due when the investment has been completed and the photovoltaic system 
is operational.

--- Page 80 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
80 
 
Further, Swiss Properties Invest AG shall reimburse Swiss Solar Ventures AG all expenses 
reasonably incurred by Swiss Solar Ventures AG in the proper performance of Swiss Solar 
Ventures AGs duties under the Solar Investment Agreement. 
Termination: The agreement may be terminated by either party at any time. No termination 
notice period applies. 
Governing law: The Solar Investment Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Switzerland. 
o 
Material contracts 
Customers and Suppliers 
No material contracts exist with customers or suppliers. 
Real estate  
The Company leases premises in the following location: 
- 
Schleppegrellsgade 8, DK 2200 Copenhagen N; The premises is leased according to 
lease agreement of 8 October 2021 with SC Management ApS and includes the postal 
address as well as the right to use a meeting room. The monthly rent is DKK 500 plus 
VAT. Swiss Properties Invest A/S has not paid a deposit. Both Swiss Properties Invest 
A/S and the landlord may terminate the lease agreement with 1 month notice to the 
end of a month. 
The subsidiary Swiss Properties Invest AG leases premises in the following location: 
- 
Neuhofstrasse 5A, 3rd floor, CH 6430 Baar, cf. above regarding Related Party 
Transactions, Leased premises. The Lease Agreement is entered into with Avanta 
Business Center AG. 
- 
The premises comprises an office constituting 42 square meters. The rent payable 
monthly in advance is CHF 1,500.00 excl. VAT. No payment of deposit applies. Both 
Swiss Properties Invest AG and Avanta Business Center AG may terminate the lease 
agreement by providing six months’ prior notice by registered letter to expire at the end 
of March, end of June or end of September. However, the earliest possible termination 
is 30 November 2022. 
The Company, through Swiss Properties Invest AG, owns the following property:  
- 
Grabenstrasse 8 in the city of Nänikon in the canton of Zürich. 
o 
GDPR 
To ensure compliance with GDPR and the data processing carried out by the Company, 
guidelines and policies have been established. There can be no assurance that its internal 
guidelines and policies are fully compliant with the regulations. The Company does not do data 
processing on behalf of its customers. 
Any transfer of personal data from the Company to Swiss Properties Invest AG is considered 
as a transfer of personal data to a third country. The Company undertakes to secure that any 
such transfer will be made in accordance with applicable legislation.

--- Page 81 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
81 
 
o 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
In the past year immediately preceding the date of this Prospectus, the Company has not been 
and currently is not involved in any legal or arbitration proceedings, which can significantly 
affect the Company’s position, including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatening of which the Company is aware. 
Conflicts of Interests 
To the knowledge of the Board of Directors, there are no existing or potential conflicts of 
interests between the duties to the Company, Management Team, or the Board of Directors 
and their private interest or other duties. 
To the knowledge of the Board of Directors, there are no arrangements or understandings with 
existing shareholders, customers, or other individuals to which any person in management or 
Board of Directors was employed or appointed. 
Baker Tilly Corporate Finance and Nordnet AB have agreed a compensation for their services 
in connection with the Offering. In addition the Company has obtained subscription 
undertakings for a total of DKK 130,470,815.00 in share value from Pre-subscribers, 
corresponding to 121.4 % of the Offering in the event that the minimum number of Offer Shares 
is sold, and 60.7 % of the Offering in the event that the maximum number of Offer Shares is 
sold. In addition to that, there is no financial or other interests in the Offering. 
The Company’s subsidiary, Swiss Properties Invest AG, has entered into service agreements 
with Swiss Property Ventures AG, Swiss Property Advice & Finance AG and Swiss Solar 
Ventures AG. Swiss Property Advice & Finance AG and Swiss Solar Ventures AG are wholly 
owned by Swiss Property Ventures AG, which is ultimately owned by the CEO and CFO of 
Swiss Properties Invest AG. Reference is made to the sections [Background] and [Related 
party transactions] regarding the relation between these companies and the Company. To 
mitigate any conflicts of interest all agreements are, as assessed by the Board of Directors, 
entered into to on arm’s length and market terms.

--- Page 82 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
82 
 
12. SHARE CAPITAL AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Company has 225,000 Existing Shares with each share 
having a nominal value of DKK 100, amounting to a total share capital of DKK 22,500,000. 
Following the completion of the Offering, the share capital will increase to DKK 222,500,000, 
corresponding to 2,225,000 Shares in the event that the maximum number of Offer Shares is 
sold in the Offering. In the event that the minimum number of Offer Shares is sold in the 
Offering. the share capital will increase to DKK 122,500,000, corresponding to 1,225,000 
Shares. 
o 
Existing shareholders  
Prior to the Offering, 11 shareholders hold together in total 100 % of the Existing Shares in 
the Company. For more information on the existing shareholders, see the table below. 
o 
Current Ownership Structure 
Ownership as of the Prospectus Date and immediately after the Offering in the event that the 
minimum and the maximum number of Offer Shares is sold: 
 
Note: 
1) Ultimately owned by Keld Østergaard (50%) and Martin A. Märki (50%) 
2) Christian Seidelin is the vice chairman of the Board 
3) Ultimately owned by the Chairman of the Board, Thorbjørn Graarud (50%) and his wife Lise Graarud (50%); 13,025 of the 
20,000 shares pre-subscribed in the Offering will be held personally by Thorbjørn Graarud 
4) Ultimately owned by the CEO of the Company, Kirsten Sillehoved. 
5) Ultimately owned by Eli Wallin 
6) Ultimately owned by Roland Gantner, Schwyz, Switzerland 
7) Ultimately owned by Annette and Jürgen von Schwerin, Munich, Germany

--- Page 83 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
83 
 
8) Ultimately owned through Rohde ApS by Peter Rohde Andersen (10%), Aske Rabøl Andersen (30%),Liv Rabøl Andersen 
(30%) and Tor Rabøl Andersen (30%)  
9) Ultimately owned by Yves Cheridito, Zürich, Switzerland 
Certain Members of the Board as well as Swiss Property Ventures AG have pre-subscribed in 
the Offering, see section [Subscription Undertakings]. 
o 
Share capital Information 
Share Class & Voting Rights 
 
The Company has one share class. All Shares has equal rights. Shares are issued with a 
nominal value of DKK 100 per Share. 
The shares are not subject to voting or ownership restrictions. Each Share at nominally DKK 
100 gives one vote at the Company’s general meetings.  
The Company’s articles of association do not contain any provisions that would have an effect 
of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company. 
The Company is not aware of any agreements which result in others gaining control of the 
Company at a later date. 
The right of shareholders to participate in and vote at the Company’s general meetings shall 
be determined based on the shares held by the shareholder on the date of registration. 
Holdings shall be determined on the date of registration on the basis of the listing of the 
capital ownership relationships recorded in the register of shareholders and the ownership 
notices received by the Company for entry in the register of shareholders. The shareholders’ 
register of the Company is kept by VP Securities. 
Dividend Policy 
The Company has no intention to pay dividends in the coming years, as the Company’s 
strategy is to reinvest any profit in existing and potential additional properties aggregating the 
value of the properties and hence the market value of the Company. The Annual General 
Meeting decides dividends following a proposal from the Board of Directors. 
Development Of Share Capital Since The Company Was Founded:

--- Page 84 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
84 
 
Note:  
Nominal value per share, DKK 100; all share capital increases are by way of cash contribution 
*Investors 
1) Ultimately owned by Keld Østergaard (50%) and Martin A. Märki (50%) 
2) Christian Seidelin is the vice chairman of the Board 
3) Ultimately owned by the Chairman of the Board, Thorbjørn Graarud (50%) and his wife Lise Graarud (50%)  
4) Ultimately owned by the CEO of the Company, Kirsten Sillehoved. 
5) Ultimately owned by Eli Wallin 
The share capital is not divided into classes of shares. 
As of 1. January 2022, and as per the date of the interim financial period, 31. March 2022, the 
Company has 225,000 Shares with each share having a nominal value of DKK 100. 
o 
Articles of Association  
See appendix 1 for the Company’s Articles of Association. 
o 
Authorisation To Increase Capital 
According to section 3.7 of the Company’s Articles of Association, the Board of Directors has 
been granted the following authorisations to increase the Company’s share capital: 
i. 
Until 1. August 2022, the share capital may, by resolution of the Board of Directors, 
be increased in one or more issues of new shares by up to a nominal value of DKK 
200,000,000 (without preemption rights for the existing shareholders).  
ii. 
Until 1. June 2027, the share capital may, by resolution of the Board of Directors, be 
increased in one or more issues of new shares by up to a nominal value of DKK 
50,000,000 (without pre-emption rights for the existing shareholders).  
iii. 
Until 1. June 2027, the share capital may, by resolution of the Board of Directors, be 
increased in one or more issues of new shares by up to a nominal value of DKK 
50,000,000 (with pre-emption rights for the existing shareholders).  
The total nominal capital increase, which the Board of Directors may resolve in accordance 
with ii. and iii. above, may not exceed a nominal value of DKK 50,000,000. 
The new shares issued pursuant to these authorisations shall have the same rights as the 
existing shares of the company. The new shares shall be negotiable instruments and issued 
in the holder's name and shall be registered in the company's register of shareholders. The 
shares shall be fully paid up. No shareholder shall be obliged to have the shares redeemed 
fully or partly. The new shares shall give rights to dividends and other rights in the company 
from the time which is determined by the board of directors in connection with the decision to 
increase the share capital.

--- Page 85 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
85 
 
● 
Appendices 
o 
Appendix 1: Articles of Association 
FOR SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
CVR no.: 42741116 
 
See separate document

--- Page 86 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
86 
 
o 
Appendix 2: Owner and Company Structure

--- Page 87 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
87 
 
o 
Appendix 3: Subscription form

--- Page 88 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
88

--- Page 89 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
89 
 
o 
Glossary 
Term 
Explanation  
Admission 
Admission of the Shares to trading on Nasdaq First North Growth Market 
Approx. 
Approximately 
Articles of Association 
The articles of association of the Company, dated 7. June 2022 
Baker Tilly / Baker Tilly Corporate 
Finance 
 
Baker Tilly Corporate Finance P/S; CVR 40073310; Poul Bundgaards Vej 1, 
2500 Valby;  
Board of Directors 
Thorbjørn Graarud, Christian Seidelin, Kirsten Sillehoved 
Canton 
A small administrative division of a country. Switzerland is divided into 26 
different cantons. 
Central Business District (CBD)  
The commercial and business center of a city 
CEO 
Chief Executive Officer, Kirsten Sillehoved 
Certified Adviser  
Baker Tilly Corporate Finance 
CET 
Central European Time 
CFO 
Chief Financial Officer, Martin A. Märki  
Chairman 
The Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, Thorbjørn Graarud 
CHF 
Swiss franc 
Class A office property 
Major city, CBD, airport/main train station within 15 min., prestigious 
office address, fully let, rent appropriate for the market, minimum 
five-year lease terms, investment volume approx. CHF 60 million. 
Class B office property 
Major city, airport/main train station within 30 min., B location, fully 
let, rent appropriate for the market, minimum five-year lease term, 
investment volume approx. CHF 25 million. 
Class C office property 
Economically strong agglomeration, airport/main train station within 
60 min., locally known address, fully let, rent appropriate for the 
market, minimum five-year lease term, investment volume approx. 
CHF 15 million.  
Closing Date 
11. July 2022 
Commercial properties 
Commercial properties are in this context properties that offer space 
primarily used for commercial activities, such as office space, clinics, 
advisory services, warehousing and production of goods and services.

--- Page 90 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
90 
 
(The) Company 
Swiss Properties Invest A/S, CVR no. 42741116 
CVR 
The registration number of a Danish business 
DKK 
Danish Kroner  
EBIT  
Earnings Before Interest and Tax 
EBITDA 
Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortization 
EU  
European Union 
EUR  
Euro 
Existing Shareholders 
Existing shareholders in the Company at the date of this Prospectus  
Existing Shares 
Existing shares of the Company at the date of this Prospectus corresponding 
to 225.000 shares 
GDPR 
General Data Protection Regulation 
Gross Domestic Product (GDP) 
The monetary value of all finished goods and services made within a country 
during a specific period. 
Group 
Swiss Properties Invest A/S and Swiss Properties Invest AG  
Investment project  
An investment project typically consists of a company owned by a group of 
maximum 10 investors, and that company owning one (or more) property 
IPO 
Initial Public Offering; the Offering 
ISIN 
International Securities Identification Number 
LEI 
Legal Entity Identifier 
Logistics property 
Industrial area of a medium-sized city, close to motorway connections, 
fully let, market-rate rent, minimum five-year lease term, investment 
volume approx. CHF 22 million. 
Management 
The Board of Directors and the Management Teams 
Management Team 
The Management Team of Swiss Properties Invest A/S consists of Kirsten 
Sillehoved, (CEO), and Martin A. Märki, (CFO). 
The Management Team of Swiss Properties Invest AG consists of Keld 
Østergaard (CEO) and Martin A. Märki, (CFO). 
Collectively the Management Teams 
 
Market Abuse Regulation/MAR  
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014

--- Page 91 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
91 
 
Nasdaq Copenhagen 
Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S, CVR no. 19042677. Operator of Nasdaq First 
North Growth Market in Denmark 
New Shares 
Up to 2,000,000 new shares of nominally DKK 100 
Net initial yield 
Median, net income (rental income minus loss of rent, owner’s operating 
costs and maintenance costs) as a percentage of the transaction 
price. Based upon SIA D 0213. 
Offer Period 
21. June 2022 to 4. July 2022 at 23:59 (CET) 
Offer Price 
The price per Offer Share set at DKK 107.50 per Offer Share 
Offer Shares 
Up to 2,000,000 new shares of DKK 100 nominal value issued in connection 
with the initial public offering of Swiss Properties Invest A/S 
Offering 
The initial public offering of up to 2,000,000 shares of DKK 100 nominal 
value each of Swiss Properties Invest A/S 
Prospectus 
This Prospectus 
Prospectus Date 
16. June 2022 
Prospectus Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 14 June 2017 
Securities 
Shares or any other securities in Swiss Properties Invest A/S 
Settlement Date 
The date of payment and settlement of the Offer Shares on 11. July 2022 
Shares 
The outstanding shares of the Company 
Swiss Properties Invest 
Swiss Properties Invest A/S and Swiss Properties Invest AG 
Swiss Properties Invest A/S 
Swiss Properties Invest A/S, CVR no. 42741116 
Swiss Properties Invest AG 
Swiss Properties Invest AG, CHE-422.631.240 
Unemployment rate 
Refers to the share of the labor force that is without work but available for 
and seeking employment. 
VAT  
Value Added Tax  
VP Securities  
VP SECURITIES A/S, CVR no. 21599336 (as of 3.1.2022 Euronext 
Securities A/S)

--- Page 92 ---
SWISS PROPERTIES INVEST A/S 
92 
 
 
o 
Addresses 
 
Swiss Properties Invest A/S 
Schleppegrellsgade 8, DK 2200 Copenhagen N 
Phone: +45 52 40 71 52 
www.swisspropertiesinvest.dk. 
 
Financial Adviser and Certified Adviser 
Baker Tilly Corporate Finance P/S 
Poul Bundgaards Vej 1, DK 2500 Valby 
www.bakertilly.dk 
 
Legal Advisers to the Company 
Adv. Fa. Galst  
 
 
 
Elmann Advokatpartnerselskab 
Gammel Strand 44 
 
 
 
Stockholmsgade 41 
DK 1202 Copenhagen K 
 
 
DK 2100 Copenhagen Ø 
www.galst.dk  
 
 
 
www.elmann.dk 
 
Auditor 
Beierholm Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab 
Læsøvej 5A, DK 9800 Hjørring 
www.beierholm.dk 
 
Settlement and Issuing Agent 
Jyske Bank A(S 
Vestergade 8-16, DK 8600 Silkeborg 
www.jyskebank.dk 
 
Selling Agent 
Nordnet Bank AB 
Alströmergatan 39, Box 30099, SE 104 25 Stockholm 
www.nordnet.dk