--- Page 1 ---
OFFERING CIRCULAR 
 
 (incorporated with limited liability in Denmark) 
€4,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
 _______________________________________ 
Under this €4,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Sydbank A/S (the Issuer, the Bank and Sydbank) may from time to 
time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Notes may be issued in (a) bearer form, (b) registered form, (c) uncertificated dematerialised book entry form with the legal title thereto being evidenced by 
book entries in the records of VP Securities A/S, the Danish central securities depository (VP) or (d) uncertificated dematerialised book entry form with the 
legal title thereto being evidenced by book entries in the records of the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, the Verdipapirsentralen ASA (Euronext 
VPS) (respectively Bearer Notes, Registered Notes, VP Notes and VPS Notes), all as further described under “Form of the Notes” below. The maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement as described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
Under the Programme, Notes may be (i) preferred senior notes with the ranking described in Condition 3(a) of the applicable Terms and Conditions  
(Preferred Senior Notes), (ii) non-preferred senior notes with the ranking described in Condition 3(b) of the applicable Terms and Conditions (Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) or (iii) subordinated notes with the ranking described in Condition 3(c) of the applicable Terms and Conditions and, on issue, 
constituting Tier 2 Capital (as defined in the applicable Terms and Conditions) (Subordinated Notes), in any case as indicated in the applicable Final Terms 
(as defined below). References in this Offering Circular to applicable Terms and Conditions mean, in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes, the terms 
and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” below or, in the case of VPS Notes, the terms and conditions set 
out under “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” below. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or 
on an ongoing basis. References in this Offering Circular to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed 
by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Offering Circular has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
Prospectus Regulation).  The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Offering Circular as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer 
or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market) of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU and/or that are to be 
offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the EEA) in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Offering Circular 
to be admitted to its official list (the Official List) and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. References in this Offering Circular to the Notes 
being listed (and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have been admitted to the Official 
List and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
This Offering Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in the circumstances where an exemption is available 
under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Offering Circular in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Offering Circular is no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which 
is applicable to each Tranche (as defined in the applicable Terms and Conditions) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) 
which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin. Copies of Final Terms 
in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws 
and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or  the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act unless the Notes are registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in 
accordance with all applicable securities laws or any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. See “Form of the Notes” for a description of the 
manner in which Notes will be issued. Registered Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”. 
The Programme has been rated A1, Baa2, Baa1 and P-1 for Senior Unsecured, Subordinated, Junior Senior Unsecured and Short-Term respectively and the 
Issuer has a Long-Term deposit rating of A1 by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (Moody’s). Moody’s is established in the United Kingdom (the UK) 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (the UK CRA 
Regulation). Moody’s is not established in the EEA and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation). The ratings issued by Moody’s have been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (Moody’s Deutschland) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. Moody’s Deutschland is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, Moody’s Deutschland is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation as of the date of this Offering Circular. This list is available on the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) website at www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs (list last updated on 4th January, 2021). 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by Moody’s. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable 
Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 _______________________________________ 
Arranger 
J.P. Morgan 
Dealers 
BofA Securities 
BNP PARIBAS

--- Page 2 ---
2 
J.P. Morgan  
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
NatWest Markets 
The date of this Offering Circular is 18th June, 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Offering Circular comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the 
information contained in this Offering Circular and the Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and this 
Offering Circular does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Certain information in the section entitled “Description of the Issuer” on page 114 has been extracted from 
publications by Finance Denmark and the Danish FSA and certain information in the section entitled “Book-
Entry Clearance Systems” has been extracted from information provided by the clearing systems referred to 
therein. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by those sources, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Offering Circular shall be read and 
construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Offering Circular. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Offering Circular refers does not 
form part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the 
Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Offering 
Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer 
accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Offering 
Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Offering Circular or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Offering 
Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into this 
Offering Circular when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
In this Offering Circular, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is 
a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 4 ---
4 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on 
the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
SECTION 309B NOTIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore (the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme 
are classified as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Offering Circular may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular no action has been taken by the 
Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Offering 
Circular in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered 
or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering Circular nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Offering Circular or 
any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of 
this Offering Circular and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution 
of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including the Kingdom 
of Denmark, Belgium and Norway), the UK, Japan and Singapore - see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions”. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the terms of 
the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. The Notes have not been approved or 
disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or 
other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Offering 
Circular or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Offering 
Circular. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the legality 
of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the economic risk 
of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Offering Circular is being submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number of 
QIBs or Institutional Accredited Investors (each as defined under “Form of the Notes”) for informational use 
solely in connection with the consideration of the purchase of certain Notes issued under the Programme. Its 
use for any other purpose in the United States is not authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole 
or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective 
investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs or to Institutional Accredited 
Investors, in either case in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act. Each U.S. purchaser 
of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Registered Notes to it may be being made 
in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act (Rule 144A). 
Purchasers of Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be required to execute and deliver an IAI Investment Letter 
(as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes”). Each purchaser or holder of 
Definitive IAI Registered Notes, Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note or any Notes issued in 
registered form in exchange or substitution therefor (together Legended Notes) will be deemed, by its 
acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes, to have made certain representations and agreements 
intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Notes as set out in “Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions”. Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them in “Form of the Notes”. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are 
“restricted securities” within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken in a deed poll dated 
26th October, 2017 (the Deed Poll) to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Notes or any beneficial 
interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him, the information required to 
be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, the Issuer is neither 
a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the 
Exchange Act) nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Issuer is a corporation organised under the laws of the Kingdom of Denmark. All of the officers and 
directors named herein reside outside the United States and all or a substantial portion of the assets of the 
Issuer and of such officers and directors are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible 
for investors to effect service of process outside the Kingdom of Denmark upon the Issuer or such persons, or 
to enforce judgments against them obtained in courts outside the Kingdom of Denmark predicated upon civil 
liabilities of the Issuer or such directors and officers under laws other than Danish law, including any judgment 
predicated upon United States federal securities laws. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
As of 1st January, 2004 the Issuer has maintained its financial books and records and prepared its financial 
statements in Danish Kroner in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by 
the EU (in the case of its consolidated accounts) and additional Danish disclosure requirements for annual 
reports of listed companies, each of which differs in certain important respects from U.S. GAAP. 
All references in this document to “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$” and “$” refer to United States dollars and to “Danish 
Kroner”, “DKK” and “Kr” refer to Danish kroner, the currency of the Kingdom of Denmark. In addition, all 
references to “Sterling” and “£” refer to pounds sterling, the currency of the United Kingdom, to “euro” and 
“€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended, and to “NOK” refer to 
Norwegian kroner. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required 
to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms. The 
registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record

--- Page 7 ---
7 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms 
to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 8 ---
7 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
8 
RISK FACTORS 
14 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
28 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
30 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
35 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES OTHER THAN VPS NOTES 
44 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE VPS NOTES 
80 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
113 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
114 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SYDBANK GROUP 
115 
OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 
120 
LEGISLATIVE AND REGULATORY REVIEW 
127 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
129 
TAXATION 
132 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
134 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
142 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more relevant Dealers (the Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or 
after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
8 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms. 
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 225(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” 
and/or “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”, as applicable, shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Sydbank A/S 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
GP5DT10VX1QRQUKVBK64 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out 
under “Risk Factors” below. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
Description: 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
J.P. Morgan AG 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
 
NatWest Markets Plc 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions”) including the following restrictions applicable at 
the date of this Offering Circular. 
 
Notes with a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a denomination 
of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Registrar: 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
VP Agent: 
Sydbank A/S 
VPS Agent: 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge 
Irish Listing Agent: 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
Programme Size: 
Up to €4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each 
case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 10 ---
9 
 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is at 
par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in (a) bearer form, (b) registered form, (c) 
uncertificated dematerialised book entry form with the legal title thereto 
being evidenced by book entries in the records of VP Securities A/S, the 
Danish central securities depository or (d) uncertificated dematerialised 
book entry form with the legal title thereto being evidenced by book entries 
in the records of Euronext VPS, all as described in “Form of the Notes”. 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes, VP Notes or 
VPS Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Fixed Reset Notes: 
Fixed Reset Notes will have reset provisions pursuant to which the relevant 
Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at an initial fixed 
rate of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed 
rate of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) by reference to a mid-
swap rate or a rate based on the yield for a government bond (in each case 
relating to the relevant Specified Currency), and for a period equal to the 
Reset Period, as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Interest will be payable on such 
date or dates as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
and on redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the case of Fixed Reset Notes or Floating Rate Notes where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, if a Benchmark Event occurs, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, who may determine, or (if such Independent 
Adviser fails to make any such determination or the Issuer is unable to

--- Page 11 ---
10 
 
appoint an Independent Adviser) the Issuer may determine, a Successor 
Rate, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments, as 
further described in Condition 4(d) of the applicable Terms and 
Conditions. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation 
reasons, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event or upon the occurrence of 
a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event (as applicable)) or that such Notes 
will (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(l) of the applicable Terms 
and Conditions (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) or Condition 6(m) of the applicable Terms and Conditions 
(in the case of Subordinated Notes)) be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer upon giving notice to the Noteholders, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to restrictions 
on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain Restrictions– Notes 
with a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Tax Redemption: 
Subject, in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(l) of the applicable Terms and 
Conditions or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of 
Condition 6(m) of the applicable Terms and Conditions, early redemption 
of the Notes in whole (but not in part) is permitted for taxation reasons as 
described in Condition 6(b) of the applicable Terms and Conditions. 
Redemption upon the occurrence of 
a MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event: 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6(l) of the applicable Terms and 
Conditions, if MREL/TLAC Disqualification Redemption Option is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, early 
redemption of the Preferred Senior Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes in whole (but not in part) is permitted upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event as described in Condition 6(c) of the 
applicable Terms and Conditions. 
Redemption upon the occurrence of 
a Capital Event: 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6(m) of the applicable Terms and 
Conditions, early redemption of the Subordinated Notes in whole (but not 
in part) is permitted upon the occurrence of a Capital Event as described in 
Condition 6(d) of the applicable Terms and Conditions. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note will be such as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see “Certain Restrictions – 
Notes with a maturity of less than one year” above, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the minimum 
denomination of each Definitive IAI Registered Note will be U.S.$500,000 
or its approximate equivalent in other Specified Currencies. 
Substitution and variation of 
Preferred Senior Notes, Non-
Preferred Senior Notes and 
Subordinated Notes: 
In the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
if the MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Substitution/Variation Option 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6(l) of the applicable Terms and Conditions, (i) if 
a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing or 
(ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
17(e) of the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes" or 
Condition 14(d) of the "Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes" (as 
applicable), the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes 
or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they

--- Page 12 ---
11 
 
become or remain Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, as the case may be, as described in Condition 6(j) 
of the applicable Terms and Conditions. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes and if the Tier 2 Substitution/Variation 
Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
the provisions of Condition 66(m) of the applicable Terms and Conditions, 
(i) if a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing or (ii) in order to ensure 
the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17(e) of the "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes" or Condition 14(d) of the 
"Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes" (as applicable), the Issuer may 
substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but 
not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, so that they become or remain Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes, as described in Condition 6(k) of the applicable Terms 
and Conditions. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for or 
on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction, subject 
as provided in Condition 7 of the applicable Terms and Conditions. In the 
event that any such deduction is made, in the case of a payment of interest 
only, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 7 of the applicable Terms and Conditions, be required to pay 
Additional Amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a cross default provision. 
Status of the Preferred Senior 
Notes: 
The Preferred Senior Notes and any relative Coupons constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, and 
rank and will at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu, without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
at least pari passu with all other outstanding senior, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (save for obligations which 
may be preferred by law, including obligations benefitting from a 
preferred ranking to the Preferred Senior Notes), present and future, 
without any preference by reason of priority of date of creation, 
currency of payment or otherwise; and 
(iii) senior to any Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer as 
regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital 
on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Status of the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes: 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes and any relative Coupons, which on issue 
constitute Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer, constitute direct 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and rank and will at all times rank:  
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any other obligations or instruments that rank or are 
expressed to rank equally with the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
(including any other Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the 
Issuer), in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments 
on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) senior to holders of the Ordinary Shares and any other obligations or 
capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank 
junior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, or any obligations 
pursuant to Section 98 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act, in each case 
as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital 
on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and

--- Page 13 ---
12 
 
(iv) junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer pursuant to Section 97 of the 
Danish Bankruptcy Act and (c) any other unsubordinated creditors 
of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior 
Obligations of the Issuer, in each case as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and 
the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes (kapitalbeviser) and any relative Coupons, which 
on issue constitute Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, constitute direct, unsecured 
and subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer, and rank and will at all 
times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
unless such pari passu ranking conflicts with paragraph (iii)(d) 
below and/or paragraph (iv)(d) below, pari passu with (a) any 
obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute Tier 
2 Capital and (b) any other obligations or capital instruments that 
rank or are expressed to rank equally with the Subordinated Notes, 
in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) senior to (a) holders of the Ordinary Shares, (b) any obligations or 
capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute Tier 1 Capital, (c) 
unless such senior ranking conflicts with paragraph (iv)(d) below, 
any other obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or 
are expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes and (d) 
creditors of the Issuer that as a result of any Danish implementation 
of Article 48(7) of the BRRD rank or shall rank junior to the 
Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and 
the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iv) junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including unsubordinated 
creditors pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act and 
unsubordinated creditors that are creditors in respect of Non-
Preferred Senior Obligations), (c) subordinated creditors of the 
Issuer other than the present or future claims of creditors that rank 
or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Subordinated 
Notes and (d) creditors of the Issuer that as a result of any Danish 
implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD rank or shall rank 
senior to the Subordinated Notes. 
Rating: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings 
assigned to the Issuer. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted 
to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law, except: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes, Condition 3(a), Condition 
3(b), Condition 3(c), Condition 3(d), Condition 6(b)(ii), Condition 
6(c), Condition 6(d), Condition 9 and (in the case of VP Notes) the 
registration of VP Notes in the VP Securities A/S, the Danish central

--- Page 14 ---
13 
 
securities depository, which are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, the laws of the Kingdom of Denmark; and 
(ii) 
in the case of VPS Notes, Condition 3(a), Condition 3(b), Condition 
3(c), Condition 3(d), Condition 6(b)(ii), Condition 6(c), Condition 
6(d) and Condition 9 which are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, the laws of the Kingdom of Denmark, and 
Conditions 2, 11 and 12 which are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the Kingdom of Norway. 
 
 
VP Notes must comply with the regulations of VP and the holders of VP 
Notes will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and 
liabilities which arise under Danish regulations and legislation. 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depositories Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 which implements Regulation 
(EU) No. 909/2014 into Norwegian law, and, to the extent applicable, the 
Norwegian Securities Register Act of 5 July 2002 No. 64, as well as the 
rules of Euronext VPS, in each case as amended from time to time, and the 
holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the 
obligations and liabilities which arise under such acts, rules and any related 
regulations and legislation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the EEA (including the Kingdom of Denmark, Belgium and 
Norway), the UK, Japan and Singapore. Other restrictions may be required 
in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, 
see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”.

--- Page 15 ---
14 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position 
to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued 
under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection 
with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on 
information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective investors should 
also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Offering Circular and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
Risks relating to the Issuer and the Group 
The Issuer is regulated by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (the DFSA) which ensures a regulatory 
environment comparable to the regulatory environments of other Western European banks. 
In connection with carrying out its business activities the Issuer is exposed to a variety of risks. The Issuer considers 
risk management as one of its core competencies and essential for prudent bank management. Risk management 
includes identifying and measuring risk as well as monitoring and reporting risk. 
The Issuer is subject to Credit, Market, Liquidity, Operational and Reputation Risk which, if realised, may have an 
adverse impact on its results. 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that an exposure is deemed non-recoverable due to a debtor’s lack of will or ability to fulfil their 
obligations to the Group at the agreed time. Exposures comprise loans and advances, guarantees and amounts owed 
by credit institutions. Credit risk is an inherent part of the Bank’s business. 
Overall credit risk is managed according to policies and limits as determined and adopted by the Bank’s Board of 
Directors and Executive Management. The credit department is responsible for monitoring credit risk, credit risk 
exposure and reporting to the Bank’s Board of Directors and Executive Management. 
Notwithstanding the systems the Bank has put in place, there can be no assurance that the Bank will not suffer losses 
from credit risk in the future. Any such losses may be material in amount, and any failure by the Bank to manage its 
credit risk could have an adverse effect on the Bank’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects. 
Market risk 
Market risk is the risk that the market value of the Group’s assets and liabilities will be affected as a result of changes 
in market conditions, such as interest rate and/or credit spread fluctuations in the financial markets. 
Market risk management is the responsibility of Sydbank Markets and Treasury, subject to the policies and limits 
determined and adopted by the Bank’s Board of Directors. Market risk associated with trading and customer portfolios 
is managed by Sydbank Markets and the Bank’s Controllers and Risk Management continuously monitor the 
individual risk areas and provide the Bank’s General Management with extensive reporting on a regular basis. 
Interest rate risk and credit spread risk 
Interest rate risk comprises the Group’s total risk of loss resulting from interest rate changes in the financial markets. 
Credit spread risk is the risk that the credit spreads of the bonds in the Group's bond portfolio change to the detriment 
of the Group. 
Interest rate risk and credit spread risk make up the bulk of the Group’s overall market risk. 
The Group uses a cash flow model to determine the interest rate risk of fixed-rate positions. A duration model is used 
to calculate the interest rate risk of Danish callable mortgage bonds. 
There can be no assurance that the Issuer will not suffer losses from interest rate risk or credit spread risk in the future. 
Any such losses may be material in amount and could have an adverse effect on the Bank’s business, results of 
operations, financial position or prospectus. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk comprises the risk that the Group’s payment obligations cannot be honoured by means of the Group’s 
cash resources or that the Bank’s liquidity situation does not meet the statutory requirements. 
Sydbank aims to maintain a balanced relationship between growth in its loan book and growth in deposits and a strong 
deposit base has always been the main funding source. The deposit base is primarily based on Danish funding and is

--- Page 16 ---
15 
 
therefore dependent on the overall economic development in Denmark. The short term funding is based on both 
Danish and foreign funding while the long term funding primarily is based on foreign investors. Based on this, 
Sydbank is to some extent dependent on having access to the international funding markets. 
Moreover, liquidity is adjusted to the maturity profile of exposures to enable the Group to honour debt and guarantee 
exposures as they mature. In addition, the Board of Directors has set requirements concerning the Bank’s ability to 
withstand a run-off of capital market funding, defined in terms of the interbank market and Global MTN issues, and 
at the same time finance a normal growth in loans and advances. 
As a consequence of Sydbank's status as SIFI (as defined in the section “Legislative and Regulatory Review” below), 
the Group has been required to meet the liquidity coverage requirements (the LCR) of 100 per cent. from 1st October, 
2015, which the Group has done. The LCR is a short-term (30 days) idiosyncratic stress scenario.  
If the Group is unable to access funds or to access the markets from which the Group raises funds, it could have an 
adverse effect on the Group’s ability to meet its payment obligations as they fall due and impede the Group’s ability 
to finance its operations adequately and/or to meet its statutory liquidity requirements. These and other factors could 
also lead creditors to form a negative view of the Group’s liquidity, which could harm the Bank’s reputation and/or 
result in higher borrowing costs and decreased access to various funding sources. Accordingly, notwithstanding the 
policies and protocols that the Bank has put in place, there can be no assurance that the Bank will not suffer losses 
from liquidity risk in the future. Any such losses may be material in amount and could have an adverse effect on the 
Bank’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects. 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is the risk of direct or indirect loss to the Bank resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, 
IT security, people and systems or from external events and includes the risk of legal proceedings and/or failure to 
comply with regulatory requirements or codes of conduct. 
Any failure by the Bank to identify and manage its operational risks could cause the Bank to suffer losses in the 
future. Any such losses may be material in amount and could have an adverse effect on the Bank’s business, results 
of operations, financial position or prospects. 
Reputation risk 
Reputation risk is the risk of losses due to external circumstances or events that could harm the Bank’s reputation or 
earnings. Reputational risk is managed through policies and business procedures. However, there can be no assurance 
that the Issuer will not suffer losses from reputation risk in the future that may be material in amount. 
Downturn in economy 
Sydbank’s business activities are dependent on the level of banking, finance and financial services required by its 
customers. In particular, levels of borrowing are dependent on customer confidence, employment trends, the state of 
the economy, the housing market and market interest rates at the time. As Sydbank currently conducts the majority 
of its business in Denmark, its performance is influenced by the level and cyclical nature of business activity in 
Denmark, which is in turn affected by both domestic and international economic and political events. 
The outbreak of COVID-19 has had a significant negative effect on the economy and the macroeconomic conditions 
have deteriorated and had an adverse impact on the Danish economy in 2020 with a significant negative growth.  
Growth is projected in the Danish economy in 2021 despite expectations of negative growth influenced by COVID-
19 in the first six months.  
The full economic impact of COVID-19 is still highly uncertain and will depend on the spread of the virus and the 
response of the local authorities and the global community.  
In particular the entertainment industry, including hotels and restaurants, seem severely affected, as large parts have 
been closed down temporarily. The Bank's total lending to the entertainment industry, retail and very small businesses 
is low.  
Notwithstanding that Sydbank believes it is well positioned to deal with a downturn in the economy, an increase in 
unemployment in Denmark or a reduction in the value of housing and other collateral provided to Sydbank would 
increase the losses to Sydbank and may be in a material amount and could have an adverse effect on the Bank’s 
business, results of operations, financial position or prospects.  
Impact of regulatory changes 
Sydbank is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in Denmark. Changes 
in supervision and regulation could materially affect Sydbank’s business, the products and services offered or the 
value of its assets. Although Sydbank monitors the situation, future changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies can 
be unpredictable and are beyond the control of Sydbank.

--- Page 17 ---
16 
 
In addition to the minimum own funds requirements described under “Legislative and Regulatory Review” below, the 
CRD Directive (as defined in Condition 3(e)) (including but not limited to Article 104(1)(a) of the CRD Directive) 
contemplates that competent authorities may require additional “Pillar 2” capital to be maintained by an institution 
relating to elements of risks which are not fully captured by the minimum own funds requirements (the additional 
own funds requirements) or to address macro-prudential requirements. Pursuant to the SREP guidelines (see the 
section “Legislative and Regulatory Review” below), national supervisors should set a composition requirement for 
the additional own funds requirements to cover certain risks, including unexpected losses, risk arising from 
deficiencies in internal governance arrangements and the risk of underestimation of risk due to model deficiencies as 
assessed in the context of Article 101 of the CRD Directive, of at least 56 per cent. Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
and at least 75 per cent. Tier 1 capital. The CRD Amendment Directive (as defined under “Legislative and Regulatory 
Review – CRR Amendment Regulation and CRD Amendment Directive” below) authorises the relevant competent 
authority to require that the institution fulfils its additional own funds requirement with a higher portion of Tier 1 
capital or Common Equity Tier 1 capital where necessary (while having regard to the specific circumstances of the 
relevant institution).  
The capital requirements (the minimum own funds requirements, the additional own funds requirements and the 
combined buffer requirement) applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group are, by their nature, calculated by reference 
to a number of factors any one of which or combination of which may not be easily observable or capable of 
calculation by investors.  
While the CRR Amendment Regulation and the CRD Amendment Directive (see “Legislative and Regulatory Review 
– CRR Amendment Regulation and CRD Amendment Directive” below) entered into force on 27th June, 2019, the 
date of application of the new rules varies from the date of their entry into force and between 12 months to four years 
after their entry into force. At the date of this Offering Circular, it is still uncertain whether (and if so to what extent) 
the CRR Amendment Regulation and the CRD Amendment Directive will impose additional capital, liquidity and/or 
leverage requirements on the Issuer and/or the Group, which in turn may affect the Issuer’s capacity to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes.  
On 7th December, 2017, the Basel Committee agreed on a new regulatory framework containing, among other things, 
a number of changes to and restrictions for credit institutions using internal models (informally referred to as Basel 
IV). The Basel IV framework includes a number of different requirements. The Issuer believes that the most important 
component for it is the introduction of a so-called capital floor requirement for credit institutions applying internal 
ratings-based risk models. The capital floor requirement entails that a credit institution will be subject to a minimum 
capital requirement across risk types (credit, market and operational risk) of 72.5 per cent. of the capital requirement 
calculated according to the standardised approach. According to the Basel IV framework, a minimum capital 
requirement of 50 per cent. will apply to the Issuer as early as 2022 and will gradually increase until fully implemented 
in 2027. The exact amount with which it will increase is currently unknown since the implementation has not been 
passed through European law yet. As a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, the Basel Committee released a statement 
on 27 March 2020 with a one year deferral to the implementation timeline of Basel IV. 
There can be no assurance, however, that the leverage ratio as set out in the CRR Amendment Regulation, or any of 
the minimum own funds requirements, additional own funds requirements or combined buffer requirements 
applicable to the Group will not be amended in the future to include new and more onerous capital requirements, 
which in turn may affect the Issuer’s capacity to make payments of interest on the Notes. 
Risks relating to Notes issued under the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which contain 
particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer may 
elect to redeem or is perceived to be likely to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may elect to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those 
times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high 
as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Redemption of the Notes by the Issuer; redemption subject to permission of the Relevant Regulator 
Under the CRR, any Subordinated Notes may generally not be redeemed during the first five years after such Notes 
have been issued. The Issuer may, subject to prior permission from the Relevant Regulator, redeem such Notes five

--- Page 18 ---
17 
 
years after issuance if the option is so specified in the applicable Final Terms and the requirements under Condition 
6 of the applicable Terms and Conditions are complied with. 
In addition, during the first five years after any Subordinated Notes have been issued (and at any time thereafter), the 
Issuer may, at its option but subject to prior permission from the Relevant Regulator, at any time redeem all, but not 
some, of such Notes at the applicable early redemption amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together with 
accrued interest, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event (Gross-up), a Tax Event (Dedictibility) or a Capital Event, in 
accordance with Condition 6(b)(i), Condition 6(b)(ii) or Condition 6(d), respectively, of the applicable Terms and 
Conditions. 
In the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, any early redemption by the Issuer of such 
Notes is also subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator. 
The Relevant Regulator must in case of any of the Notes agree to permit such a call to be exercised by the Issuer, 
based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the Issuer and certain other factors at the relevant time. 
However, , there can be no assurance that the Relevant Regulator will permit such a call to be exercised by the Issuer, 
and accordingly Holders of Notes should not invest in such Notes in the expectation that a call option included in the 
terms of such Notes will be exercised by the Issuer. 
In addition, if, after a notice of redemption has been given in accordance with Condition 6(b), Condition 6(c) or 
Condition 6(d) (as applicable) of the applicable Terms and Conditions, the Relevant Regulator withdraws its 
permission to the relevant redemption before the relevant redemption date, the relevant redemption shall not be made 
until a new redemption notice is given and all conditions for redemption as described in Condition 6(l) or Condition 
6(m) (as applicable) of the applicable Terms and Conditions have been fulfilled. Prospective investors in the relevant 
Notes should be aware that, whether or not a redemption notice has been issued in respect of such Notes, any 
redemption of such Notes will, at all times, remain subject to the permission of the Relevant Regulator, which may 
limit the ability of Noteholders to reinvest the proceeds of any such redemption on a timely basis. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest 
basis, may affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes as the change of interest basis may result 
in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on 
the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes 
tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
The reset of the Rate of Interest on Fixed Reset Notes can be expected to affect interest payments on an investment in 
Fixed Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Fixed Reset Notes 
Fixed Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the fixed percentage rate per annum specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the Initial Interest Rate) until (but excluding) the Reset Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
more than one Reset Date is specified, the first Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if 
applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the 
applicable Reset Reference Rate (as defined in the applicable Terms and Conditions) and the Reset Margin as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a Reset Rate). 
The Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Interest Rate or the Reset Rate for prior Reset 
Periods and may be lower than then prevailing rates on fixed rate notes issued at the relevant time, and could therefore 
affect the market value of an investment in the Fixed Reset Notes. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes rank junior to the Issuer’s other unsubordinated creditors 
The Issuer may issue Non-Preferred Senior Notes. The Non-Preferred Senior Notes constitute direct and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank as described in Condition 3(b) of the applicable Terms and Conditions.  
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes will constitute Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer. Non-Preferred Senior 
Obligations are unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities of the Issuer which rank below (i) any Preferred Senior Notes 
issued by the Issuer and (ii) any obligations of the Issuer that rank pari passu with any Preferred Senior Notes upon 
an insolvency of the Issuer in accordance with section 13(3) of the Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution of certain 
Financial Businesses.  
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes will rank junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer pursuant to section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act and (c) any other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations, in each 
case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to 
receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.

--- Page 19 ---
18 
 
The Issuer may issue other obligations or instruments that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes (including Preferred Senior Notes) or pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, in each case as 
regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay its depositors and other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not 
creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer in full before it can make any payments on the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments are 
made to pay amounts due under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. In addition, in the event of a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets remaining after paying its creditors who rank senior to the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, payments relating to other obligations or instruments of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior Notes may, if there are insufficient assets to satisfy the 
claims of all of the Issuer’s pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets available to pay amounts due under the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
The Issuer may issue Subordinated Notes which will constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and will rank as described in Condition 3(c) of the applicable Terms and Conditions.  
The Issuer may issue other obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the 
Subordinated Notes (including Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) or pari passu with the 
Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In the event of a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay (i) its depositors, (ii) its unsubordinated 
creditors (including unsubordinated creditors pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act and 
unsubordinated creditors that are creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations), (iii) its subordinated 
creditors (other than the present or future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or 
junior to the Subordinated Notes) and (iv) its creditors that as a result of any Danish implementation of Article 48(7) 
of the BRRD (as defined in Condition 3(e) of the applicable Terms and Conditions) rank or shall rank senior to the 
Subordinated Notes in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may 
not have enough assets remaining after these payments are made to pay amounts due under the Subordinated Notes.  
According to Danish Act No. 2110 on Changes to the Financial Business Act, the Recovery and Resolution Act of 
Certain Financial Undertakings, the Capital Markets Act and Cessation of the Act on Finansiel Stabilitet (changes as 
a result of the revision of the Capital Requirements Directive (CRD V) and the Resolution and Recovery Directive 
(BRRD II) etc.) of 22nd December, 2020 (the Danish BRRDII/CRDV Act) and the Danish implementation of Article 
48(7) of the BRRD, liabilities resulting from fully or partially recognised own funds instruments (within the meaning 
of the CRR, and including the Subordinated Notes) shall rank junior to all other liabilities. In principle, this means 
that liabilities resulting from own funds instruments that no longer fully or partially are recognised as an own funds 
instrument for the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior to any liabilities resulting from any fully or partially 
recognised own funds instrument regardless of their contractual ranking. Accordingly, in the event of a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will, inter alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose 
claims arise from liabilities that no longer fully or partially are recognised as an own funds instrument (within the 
meaning of the CRR) in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes, which may as a result 
increase the losses suffered by investors in Subordinated Notes upon a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
In addition, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets remaining after 
paying its creditors who rank senior to the Subordinated Notes, payments relating to other obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes may, if there are 
insufficient assets to satisfy the claims of all of the Issuer’s pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets available to 
pay amounts due under the Subordinated Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
There is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer 
become insolvent. 
No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim 
As provided in the conditions of the Notes, no Noteholder who shall in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer be indebted to the Issuer, shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against 
moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder. 
Gross-up obligation limited to payments of interest 
The Issuer’s obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of taxes under 
the conditions of the Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid under the relevant Notes, and not to 
payments of principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the conditions 
of the Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such 
withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under the Notes, holders of Notes may receive

--- Page 20 ---
19 
 
less than the full amount due under the Notes, and the market value of the Notes may be adversely affected. Holders 
of Notes should note that principal for these purposes may include any payments of premium. 
Resolution tools and powers under the BRRD 
- 
Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The BRRD (as defined in Condition 3(e) of the applicable Terms and Conditions), including the general bail-in 
tool, non-viability loss absorption and the Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) 
is implemented into Danish law by way of the Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial 
Businesses and by amendments to the Danish Financial Business Act. Any reference to the BRRD below shall 
include the implementation hereof into Danish law. 
- 
The BRRD confers substantial powers on national resolution authorities designed to enable them to take a range 
of actions in relation to credit institutions which are considered to be at risk of failing. The exercise of any of 
these actions in relation to the Issuer could materially adversely affect the value of any Notes. 
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities designated by Member States with a credible set of tools to intervene 
sufficiently early and quickly in relation to unsound or failing credit institutions, investment firms, certain 
financial institutions and certain holding companies (each, a relevant entity) to ensure the continuity of the 
relevant entity’s critical financial and economic functions while minimising the impact of a relevant entity’s 
failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD contains various resolution powers which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant 
resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect 
that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such relevant entity within a reasonable 
timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. A relevant entity will be considered as failing or 
likely to fail when either: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing 
authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely 
in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial 
support (except in limited circumstances). 
In such circumstances, the relevant resolution authority may use the following resolution tools and powers alone 
or in combination without the consent of the relevant entity’s creditors: (i) sale of business – which enables 
resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of its business on commercial 
terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the 
relevant entity to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public 
control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation 
– which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets (including, without limitation, impaired or problem assets) 
to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising 
their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool 
only); and (iv) bail-in – which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured 
creditors of a failing relevant entity (which write-down may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and to 
convert certain unsecured debt claims (including the Notes) to equity or other instruments of ownership (the 
general bail-in tool), which equity or other instruments of ownership could also be subject to any future 
application of the general bail-in tool.  
- 
Depositor preference and the general bail-in tool 
As part of the reforms required by the BRRD, amendments have been made to relevant legislation in Denmark to 
establish a preference in the insolvency hierarchy for certain deposits that are eligible for protection by the Danish 
deposit guarantee scheme and the uninsured element of such deposits and, in certain circumstances, deposits made 
in non-EEA branches. In addition, the Danish implementation of the Revised Deposit Guarantee Scheme increased 
the nature and quantum of insured deposits to cover a wide range of deposits, including certain corporate deposits 
(unless the depositor is a public sector body or financial institution) and some temporary high value deposits. The 
effect of these changes is to increase the size of the class of preferred creditors. All such preferred deposits will 
rank in the insolvency hierarchy ahead of all other unsecured creditors of the Issuer, including the Noteholders. 
Furthermore, insured deposits are excluded from the scope of the general bail-in tool. As a result, if the general 
bail-in tool were exercised by the relevant resolution authority, the Notes would be more likely to be bailed-in 
than certain other unsubordinated liabilities of the Issuer such as other preferred deposits. 
- 
The non-viability loss absorption tool 
In addition to, but independently of, the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have 
the further power to permanently write-down (or convert into equity) capital instruments such as Tier 2 capital 
(including the Subordinated Notes) at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken 
(non-viability loss absorption). Any shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion 
into equity may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool and/or the other resolution powers

--- Page 21 ---
20 
 
outlined above. Resolution authorities are required to implement non-viability loss absorption ahead of, or 
simultaneously with, any resolution action. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability under 
the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the conditions 
for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or authorities, as the case 
may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital 
instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) are written-down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial 
support is required by the relevant entity or its group other than, where the relevant entity is an institution, for the 
purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State and to preserve financial stability. 
A group shall be deemed to be failing or likely to fail where the group infringes or there are objective elements to 
support a determination that the group, in the near future, will infringe its consolidated solvency requirements in 
a way that would justify action by the relevant authority including, but not limited to, where the group has incurred 
or is likely to incur losses that will deplete all or a significant amount of its own funds (as defined in the CRR). 
- 
Additional powers of Member States and resolution authorities 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the above resolution 
tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary 
public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of public equity support and 
temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with 
the EU state aid framework. 
The BRRD (and thereby also the Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial Businesses) also 
provides resolution authorities with broader powers to implement other resolution measures with respect to 
distressed relevant entities, which may include (without limitation) the replacement or substitution of the relevant 
entity as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering 
the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments) and 
discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. 
- 
MREL requirement 
With the implementation of the BRRD, European banks are required to have bail-in-able resources in order to 
fulfil the MREL requirement. There is no minimum EU-wide level of MREL – each resolution authority is 
required to make a separate determination of the appropriate MREL requirement for each resolution group within 
its jurisdiction, depending on the resolvability, risk profile, systemic importance and other characteristics of each 
institution. The resolution strategy for the Group is single point of entry at the level of the Issuer being the 
resolution entity and the Issuer and its subsidiaries being the resolution group.  On 21st December, 2020 the DFSA 
set the MREL requirement for Sydbank on a consolidated basis to 25.1 per cent. of Sydbank’s REA on a 
consolidated basis. The MREL requirement was determined on the basis of 2019 numbers. On the basis of the 
MREL requirement (25.1 per cent. of the Issuer’s consolidated REA) and the consolidated combined buffer 
requirement of the Issuer (which as at 30th June, 2020 was 3.5 per cent. of the Issuer’s consolidated REA), the 
Danish FSA determined that an amount equal to 25.1 per cent. of the Issuer’s consolidated REA must be met with 
own funds instruments and liabilities that bear losses before senior claims in both resolution and insolvency (the 
MREL subordination requirement). When fulfilling this MREL subordination requirement, the Issuer may use 
own funds instruments and liabilities that are used to fulfil the MREL requirement and own funds instruments that 
are used to satisfy the combined buffer requirement.   
The MREL requirement will be set annually (but may be updated over the year, for example in the case of a 
change to the countercyclical capital buffer) on the basis of the entity’s annual update of its individual resolution 
plan and it is the DFSA, following consultation with Finansiel Stabilitet, which sets the MREL requirement for 
each relevant entity. If an institution does not fulfil the MREL requirement, the relevant authority may withdraw 
its banking licence.  
Also, a comparable concept for loss absorption, Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC), has been set for global 
systemically important institutions (G-SIIs). The TLAC requirement takes effect from 2019.  
- 
Insolvency Hierarchy Directive 
On 1st July, 2018, the Danish Act no. 706 of 8th June, 2018 amending the Danish Financial Business Act, the 
Danish Anti-Money Laundering Act, the Danish Alternative Investment Fund Managers etc. Act and other acts 
entered into force (Act no. 706). Act no. 706 introduced certain amendments to the MREL requirement. Moreover, 
Directive 2017/2399/EU amending the BRRD (the Insolvency Hierarchy Directive) as regards the ranking of 
unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy was implemented into Danish law by way of Act no. 706 and 
became effective on 1st July, 2018. 
- 
The BRRD Amendment Directive

--- Page 22 ---
21 
 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20th May, 2019 and published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 7th June, 2019 (the BRRD Amendment Directive) includes, 
among other things, proposals to implement TLAC into EU legislation and the introduction of the concepts of 
resolution groups and resolution entities. According to the Danish BRRDII/CRDV Act, the rules implementing 
the BRRD Amendment Directive into Danish law have, with certain exemptions, entered into force on 28th 
December, 2020.  The incorporation of the TLAC standard into the existing MREL framework is expected to 
provide clarity in the regulatory framework surrounding MREL and TLAC, both in terms of the framework for 
setting banks’ requirements as well as the instruments that can be used to fulfil such requirements. The CRR as 
amended by way of the CRR Amendment Regulation (see “Impact of regulatory changes” above) sets the 
requirement for the instruments that can be used to fulfil the MREL and TLAC requirement. 
- 
Exercise of powers under the BRRD 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed, as well 
as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. The BRRD outlines the priority ranking of certain deposits in 
an insolvency hierarchy, which required changes to the insolvency hierarchy in Denmark and which was further 
amended by way of the Insolvency Hierarchy Directive. The BRRD establishes a preference in the ordinary 
insolvency hierarchy, firstly for insured depositors and, secondly, for all other deposits of individuals and micro, 
small and medium-sized enterprises held in the European Economic Area or non-European Economic Area 
branches of a European Economic Area bank. These preferred deposits rank ahead of all other unsecured senior 
creditors of the Issuer in the insolvency hierarchy. Furthermore, the insolvency hierarchy could be changed in the 
future.  
Any application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption under the BRRD shall be in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such 
application on Noteholders will depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority 
given to other creditors such as depositors. See “Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes – The 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes rank junior to the Issuer’s other unsubordinated creditors” and “Risks related to the 
structure of a particular issue of Notes – The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated” 
regarding the Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD Amendment Directive. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of Notes pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool and/or 
the non-viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated Notes) is less favourable than would have been the 
case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a holder has a right to compensation under the BRRD 
based on an independent valuation of the relevant entity (which is referred to as the “no creditor worse off 
principle” under the BRRD). However, any such compensation is unlikely to compensate that holder for the losses 
it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation. 
Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be made considerably later than when amounts may otherwise 
have been due under the Notes that have been subject to the application of the general bail-in tool and the non-
viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated Notes). 
The exercise of any power under the BRRD, or any suggestion of such exercise, could have a material adverse 
effect on the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the 
Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. Although the BRRD, as implemented, contains certain limited 
safeguards for creditors in specific circumstances, including in the case of senior creditors (such as the holders of 
Preferred Senior Notes) a safeguard that aims to ensure that they do not incur greater losses than they would have 
incurred had the relevant entity been wound up under normal insolvency proceedings, there can be no assurance 
that these safeguards will be effective if such powers are exercised. The determination that any power under the 
BRRD shall be exercised or that all or a part of the principal amount of the Notes will be subject to bail-in is likely 
to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the Group’s 
control. The application of the general bail-in tool with respect to the Notes and/or the non-viability loss absorption 
(in respect of Subordinated Notes) may result in the write-down or cancellation of all, or a portion of, the principal 
amount of, or outstanding amount payable in respect of, and/or interest on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all, 
or a portion, of the principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable in respect of, or interest on, the Notes into 
shares or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to 
the terms of the Notes to give effect to such application of the general bail-in tool. Accordingly, potential investors 
in the Notes should consider the risk that the general bail-in tool and/or the non-viability loss absorption (in respect 
of Subordinated Notes) may be applied in such a manner as to result in Noteholders losing all or a part of the 
value of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than the Notes, which may be worth 
significantly less than the Notes and which may have significantly fewer protections than those typically afforded 
to debt securities. Moreover, the relevant resolution authority may exercise its authority to apply the general bail-
in tool and/or the non-viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated Notes) without providing any advance 
notice to the Noteholders. The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could, 
therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of the relevant Noteholders, the price or value of their investment 
in any relevant Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any relevant Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
22 
 
Limited enforcement events 
The conditions of the Notes will contain limited enforcement events relating to the liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer. In such circumstances, as described in more detail in Condition 9 of the applicable Terms and Conditions, the 
Notes will become due and payable at their Final Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest thereon. A 
Noteholder may not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Substitution and variation of Preferred Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes without 
Noteholder consent 
In the case of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if the MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
Substitution/Variation Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 6(l) 
of the applicable Terms and Conditions, (i) if a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing 
or (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17(e) of the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes" or Condition 14(d) of the "Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes" (as applicable), the 
Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the 
relevant Notes, without the requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the relevant Notes, so that they 
become or remain (x) in the case of Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes or (y) in the case of 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
In addition, in the case of Subordinated Notes, if the Tier 2 Substitution/Variation Option is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition  of the applicable Terms and Conditions, (i) if a Capital 
Event has occurred and is continuing or (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17(e) 
of the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes" or Condition 14(d) of the "Terms and Conditions 
of the VPS Notes" (as applicable), the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes or vary the 
terms of all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes, without the requirement for the consent or approval of the 
holders of the relevant Notes, so that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Qualifying Subordinated Notes are 
securities issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that have, inter alia, terms which (i) adhere to the specific conditions 
outlined in the definition of “Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes”, “Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes” or, as the 
case may be, “Qualifying Subordinated Notes” in Condition 6(n) of the applicable Terms and Conditions and (ii) 
other than in respect to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17(e) of the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes" or Condition 14(d) of the "Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes" (as applicable), are 
not materially less favourable to the holders of the relevant Notes than the terms of the relevant Notes (and the Issuer 
is required to deliver a certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to (in the case of Notes other than VP 
Notes and VPS Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP Agent is 
not the Issuer) or (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Agent). There can be no assurance that, due to the particular 
circumstances of each holder, any Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes or 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, will be as favourable to each holder in all respects or that, if it were 
entitled to do so, a particular holder would make the same determination as the Issuer as to whether the terms of the 
relevant Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes, as applicable, are not materially less favourable to holders than the terms of the relevant Notes. 
The qualification of the Preferred Senior Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes as “eligible liabilities” is subject 
to uncertainty 
The Preferred Senior Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes are intended to be “eligible liabilities” (or any 
equivalent or successor term) (MREL/TLAC Eligible Liabilities) which are available to meet any MREL/TLAC 
Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations) of the Issuer and/or the 
Group.  
If, for any reason, any Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes are or will be excluded from the 
MREL/TLAC Eligible Liabilities as a result of: 
(i) 
the implementation of any Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations on or after the date of issue of the last Tranche 
of such Series; or 
(ii) 
a change in any Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations becoming effective on or after the date of issue of the 
last Tranche of such Series, 
then, if the MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Substitution/Variation Option and/or the MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event Redemption Option is/are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event may occur and the Issuer may be entitled to substitute or vary, or to redeem, 
such Notes. See also "Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer" and "Substitution and variation of 
Preferred Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes without Noteholder consent" above.

--- Page 24 ---
23 
 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Meetings of Noteholders, modification and waivers 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of 
a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass 
resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind 
all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, 
did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in 
a manner contrary to the majority.Change of law 
Except for (i) in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes, Condition 3(a), Condition 3(b), Condition 3(c), Condition 
3(d), Condition 6(b)(ii), Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d) and Condition 9 and (in the case of VP Notes) the provisions 
relating to registration of VP Notes in VP, and (ii) in the case of VPS Notes, Condition 2, Condition 3(a), Condition 
3(b), Condition 3(c), Condition 3(d), Condition 6(b)(ii), Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d), Condition 9, Condition 11 
and Condition 12, the conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Offering Circular. 
Condition 3(a), Condition 3(b), Condition 3(c), Condition 3(d), Condition 6(b)(ii), Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d) and 
Condition 9 of the applicable Terms and Conditions and (in the case of VP Notes) the provisions relating to the 
registration of VP Notes in VP are based on Danish law in effect as at the date of this Offering Circular, and (in the 
case of VPS Notes) Conditions 2, 11 and 12 are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of 
the Kingdom of Norway. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English law or administrative practice, Danish law and administrative practice or Norwegian law and administrative 
practice after the date of this Offering Circular. In particular, potential investors should note that any such change in 
applicable law or administrative practice may have a materially adverse impact on the secondary market value of any 
Notes affected by it. 
In Denmark, the express choice of English law to govern non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes may not be upheld by the courts of Denmark as (i) Regulation (EC) no. 864/2007 of 11th July, 2007 
does not apply in Denmark (on account of the Danish opt-out, (as documented within The European Council’s 
Edinburgh Decision of 12th December, 1992 and the Protocol to the Treaty of Amsterdam on the position of 
Denmark)) and, (ii) according to Danish principles of private international law, a choice of law agreement in respect 
of non-contractual obligations entered into before the event giving rise to the damage has occurred may not be 
enforceable. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus 
one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in 
amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the 
remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes equal to or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account 
with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
(should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes equal to or in excess of 
the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
In the case of Bearer Notes, if such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Bearer 
Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Enforceability of English court judgment in the Kingdom of Denmark 
Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union it has applied to become a party to the Convention 
on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters made at Lugano 
on 30th October, 2007 (the Lugano Convention) and, upon the United Kingdom becoming a contracting state under 
the Lugano Convention, a judgment of the English courts would be enforceable in Denmark without the need to re-
examine or re-litigate the matter in the Danish courts. However, it is unclear whether the United Kingdom’s 
application to become a contracting state under the Lugano Convention will be accepted or (if so accepted) when its 
accession to the Lugano Convention will become effective and to what extent transitional arrangements would apply 
to existing contractual obligations and ongoing court proceedings. As of the date of this Offering Circular, such 
accession has not become effective and no other replacement arrangement has been agreed. As a result of Condition 
17(b) of the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” and Condition 14(b) of the “Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes”, the Hague Convention on Choice of Court Agreements 2005 (the Hague Convention) 
will not apply to the Notes. Accordingly, any final and conclusive judgment against the Issuer in respect of legal

--- Page 25 ---
24 
 
proceedings in relation to the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or the Deed Poll will not be recognised or enforced in 
Denmark without review by the Danish courts of the merits. However, in any such proceedings taken in the Danish 
courts, the Danish courts may give consideration as evidence to a final and conclusive judgment obtained in the courts 
of England. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate risk 
and credit risk: 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
“benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, a 
Reference Rate or, in the case of Fixed Reset Notes, a Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate), are the subject of 
recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently 
than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union. Among other 
things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-European Union based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by European Union 
supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-European Union based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation), among other things, applies 
to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct 
Authority (the FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact 
on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
“benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following effects 
on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the 
“benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, reforms in making 
any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes and/or Fixed 
Reset Notes which are linked to or which reference any benchmark rate 
The euro risk-free working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products (including 
bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference 
EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial 
system. 
It is not possible to predict whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be supported going forwards. 
This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than they have done in the past, and may have other consequences 
that cannot be predicted. 
Similar concerns may be applicable to other benchmark rates (such as CIBOR). As regards CIBOR, it is not possible 
to predict whether, and to what extent, banks will continue to provide CIBOR submissions to the administrator of 
CIBOR going forwards. In Denmark, a working group formed by Finance Denmark (a Danish business association 
for banks, mortgage banks, asset management, securities trading and investment funds in Denmark) and the Money 
Market Committee proposed, in July 2019, its final recommendations on the assessment of possible candidates to a

--- Page 26 ---
25 
 
DKK risk-free reference rate based on wholesale overnight deposits named DESTR (Denmark short-term rate). In 
January 2021, Danmarks Nationalbank undertook ownership and became administrator of DESTR. It is expected that 
a test-phase with daily reporting and calculation of DESTR will be launched in the second half of 2021. The impact 
of DESTR on CIBOR is currently unclear. 
In Norway, a Norwegian working group on alternative reference rates in NOK has explored the possibility of an 
alternative reference rate and consequences of a discontinuation of NIBOR. In 2019, it recommended a modified 
Norwegian Overnight Weighted Average (NOWA) as the alternative reference rate for NIBOR, which from 1st 
January, 2020 has been administered by the Norwegian Central Bank (Norges Bank). The working group continued 
its work through 2020 by establishing two subgroups comprising a group for market standards and fallback provisions 
and a group for exploring the establishment of an Overnight Index Swap market in NOK. On 28th September, 2020, 
the working group published a consultation paper on fallback provisions and term and spread adjustments between 
NIBOR and NOWA upon a discontinuation of NIBOR. Its final report and recommendation for market conventions 
and fallback solutions was published on 15th December, 2020. As of 29th April, 2021, the Norwegian Central Bank 
has been publishing a NOWA compounded index and compounded NOWA averages to further support the use of 
NOWA as a reference rate for financial products. 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate (such as EURIBOR, CIBOR or NIBOR) were discontinued or 
otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Fixed Reset Notes and Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which 
reference such benchmark rate will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to 
such Notes. Depending on the manner in which the relevant benchmark rate is to be determined under the conditions 
of the Notes, this may in certain circumstances result in (i) the application of a backward-looking, risk-free overnight 
rate, whereas EURIBOR, CIBOR and NIBOR are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a 
risk-element based on inter-bank lending  or (ii) the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which 
applied in the previous period when such benchmark rate was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse 
effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Fixed Reset Notes or Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or 
which reference a benchmark rate. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark (including any 
page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)), such as EURIBOR, CIBOR or NIBOR, 
becomes unavailable. 
If the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph occur and (i) in the case of Floating Rate Notes, Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the rate of interest is to be 
determined or (ii) the Notes are Fixed Reset Notes (any such Notes Relevant Notes), such fallback arrangements will 
include the possibility that: 
(A) 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, 
determined by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
determined by an Independent Adviser or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to make such determination, the Issuer; and 
(B) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if required) 
by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), 
in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully in the 
Conditions of the Relevant Notes. 
If a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) is determined by the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), an Adjustment Spread shall also be determined by the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) to be applied to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate, as the case may be, and may also include amendments to the applicable Terms and Conditions and 
(if applicable) the Agency Agreement (without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders) to ensure the proper 
operation of the Successor Reference Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread, as applicable. 
However, an Adjustment Spread (howsoever determined) may not be effective in reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit to investors. The use of a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) will still result in any Notes referencing an Original 
Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if 
the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. No consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or amendments described above. Any such 
adjustment or amendment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due 
to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder or Couponholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each 
Noteholder or Couponholder. 
In certain circumstances (including, in the case of the Relevant Notes, if the Independent Adviser appointed by the 
Issuer fails to make the necessary determination), the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest for a 
particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest

--- Page 27 ---
26 
 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used, including (for the avoidance doubt) where a Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is available but an Adjustment Spread cannot be determined. This may result in 
the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate 
which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page for the purposes of determining the rate of interest in respect 
of an Interest Period or a Reset Period (as applicable). In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability 
of Successor Reference Rates and Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. Moreover, 
any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate could affect 
the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes or could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed 
Reset Notes. Investors should note that, in the case of Relevant Notes, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial 
consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such 
adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder. 
In addition, potential investors should also note that: 
(i) 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other 
amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made if, and to the extent that, in the determination of the 
relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the Relevant Notes as (A) in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
MREL/TLAC Eligible Liabilities; or (B) in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes only, no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made, if and to 
the extent that, in the determination of the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), the 
same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment 
Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
In all such circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest (which is described above) will 
apply. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the Notes 
does develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case should the Issuer be in financial 
distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a substantial discount to their principal amount or 
for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. 
These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease 
(1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. As 
a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate 
paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
27 
 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of 
credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed 
by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, 
as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK regulated 
investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating 
agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued 
by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is 
subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having 
been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third 
country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory 
purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA 
or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the 
Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and 
ratings is set out on the cover of this Offering Circular.

--- Page 29 ---
28 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Offering Circular: 
(a) 
the auditors’ report and audited consolidated financial statements (prepared in compliance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU) and non-consolidated annual financial 
statements (prepared in compliance with the Danish Financial Business Act), in each case for the financial 
year ended 31st December, 2020, as set out on pages 130-133 and pages 53-133, respectively, of the Issuer’s 
2020 Annual Report (which can be found at: https://ipaper.ipapercms.dk/Sydbank/regnskaber-2020/2020-
annual-report/?page=52), which include, inter alia, the following information: 
(i) 
Consolidated Balance Sheet (page 55); 
(ii) 
Issuer’s Balance Sheet (page 55); 
(iii) 
Consolidated Income Statement (page 54) and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
(page 54);  
(iv) 
Accounting Policies and Notes (pages 59-133); and 
(v) 
Auditors’ Report (pages 137-140); 
(b) 
the auditors’ report and audited consolidated financial statements (prepared in compliance with IFRS as 
adopted by the EU) and non-consolidated annual financial statements (prepared in compliance with the 
Danish Financial Business Act), in each case for the financial year ended 31st December, 2019, as set out 
on pages 130-133 and pages 51-127, respectively, of the Issuer’s 2019 Annual Report (which can be found 
at: 
https://ipaper.ipapercms.dk/Sydbank/aarsrapport-2019/sydbank-aarsrapport-2019-ukpdf/#/), 
which 
include, inter alia, the following information: 
(i) 
Consolidated Balance Sheet (page 53); 
(ii) 
Issuer’s Balance Sheet (page 53); 
(iii) 
Consolidated Income Statement (page 52) and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
(page 52);  
(iv) 
Accounting Policies and Notes (pages 57-127); and 
(v) 
Auditors’ Report (pages 130-133); 
(c) 
the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of Sydbank (prepared in compliance with 
International Accounting Standards for interim financial reporting, as adopted by the EU, and in compliance 
with additional Danish disclosure requirements for interim reports of listed financial companies) as of and 
for the three months ended 31st March, 2021 as set out on pages 16-41 of Sydbank’s First Quarter 2021 
Interim Report (which can be found at: https://ipaper.ipapercms.dk/Sydbank/regnskaber-2021/sydbanks-
interim-report-q1-2021/) which include, inter alia, the following information: 
(i) 
Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet (page 17); 
(ii) 
Unaudited Consolidated Income Statement (page 16) and Unaudited Consolidated Statement of 
Comprehensive Income (page 16); and 
(iii) 
Accounting Policies and Notes (pages 24-41); and 
(d) 
the 
articles 
of 
association 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
https://www.sydbank.com/wps/wcm/connect/sydbankcom/616c4ed3-c486-477d-8a41-
f6e1ffb5735b/articles_of_association.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=mGrTonH); 
The financial statements listed above are direct and accurate English translations of the original versions. 
In addition to the above, and for the purposes of an issue of Notes when the first tranche of Notes which is being 
increased was issued under an Offering Circular with an earlier date, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out 
on pages 33 to 60, 32 to 60, 39 to 71, and 39 to 72 respectively of the Offering Circulars dated 14th November, 2014 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
http://tools.morningstar.co.uk/tsweu6nqxu/globaldocuments/document/documentHandler.ashx?DocumentId=79036
121), 
26th 
October, 
2017 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
http://tools.morningstar.co.uk/tsweu6nqxu/globaldocuments/document/documentHandler.ashx?DocumentId=14999
2895) 
8th 
June, 
2018 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
http://tools.morningstar.co.uk/tsweu6nqxu/globaldocuments/document/documentHandler.ashx?DocumentId=17441
2611) and 23rd June, 2020 (which can be found at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_b49b2b21-e79f-4604-88eb-46ce7e56b620.pdf) respectively, and the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes set out on pages 8 to 38 of the Supplement dated 16th November 2020 to the

--- Page 30 ---
29 
 
Offering Circular dated 23rd June, 2020 (which can be found at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_3e22ac21-e150-463a-9137-817806380bd4.pdf) shall be incorporated 
in, and form part of, this Offering Circular.  
Any information contained in a document incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Offering Circular 
but not incorporated by reference pursuant to the above paragraphs is either (i) not considered by the Issuer to be 
relevant for investors or (ii) included elsewhere in this Offering Circular. 
If documents which are incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular themselves incorporate any information 
or other documents therein, either expressly or implicitly, such information or other documents will not form part of 
this Offering Circular for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation except where such information or other 
documents are specifically incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular. 
Following the publication of this Offering Circular a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the 
Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Offering 
Circular or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Offering Circular. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Offering Circular which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering Circular for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
30 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons (Coupons) attached, registered 
form, without Coupons attached or uncertificated dematerialised book entry form. Bearer Notes, VP Notes and VPS 
Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) 
and Registered Notes will be issued both outside the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration 
provided by Regulation S and within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A or Regulation D under the Securities 
Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary bearer global note (a Temporary 
Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent bearer global note (a Permanent 
Bearer Global Note and together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a Bearer Global Note) which, in 
either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the 
Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A.(Clearstream, 
Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the 
relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) 
and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note is not intended to 
be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in such Bearer Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. 
person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the 
certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which, in respect of each Tranche in respect of which a Temporary Bearer 
Global Note is issued, is 40 days after the Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued interests in such Temporary Bearer 
Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein either for (i) interests in a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where 
applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the applicable 
Final Terms may not specify the option described in paragraph (ii) above if the Specified Denominations of the Notes 
consists of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount), 
in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been 
given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive 
Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, 
principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary 
Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent 
Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon 
either (i) not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) to the Principal Paying Agent as 
described therein or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, provided that the applicable Final Terms 
may not specify the option described in paragraph (i) above if the Specified Denominations of the Notes consists of

--- Page 32 ---
31 
 
a minimum Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount. For these 
purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Enforcement Event (as defined in Condition 9 of the applicable Terms 
and Conditions) has occurred and is continuing or (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system is available. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 of the applicable Terms and Conditions if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the common depositary or the common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by 
the Principal Paying Agent. 
The exchange of a Permanent Bearer Global Note for definitive Bearer Notes upon notice from Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder) or at any time at the request of the Issuer should 
not be expressed to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms if the Notes are issued with a minimum Specified 
Denomination such as €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) plus one or more higher integral multiples of 
another smaller amount such as €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any 
loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain on 
any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to non-U.S. 
persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global note in registered form, without Coupons, 
(a Regulation S Global Note) which will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case 
may be for, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the 
name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Prior to expiry of the 
distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests 
in a Regulation S Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as 
otherwise provided in Condition 2 of the applicable Terms and Conditions and may not be held otherwise than through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Regulation S Global Note will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions on transfer. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons in private 
transactions (i) to “qualified institutional buyers” within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (QIBs) 
or (ii) to “accredited investors” (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act that are 
institutions (Institutional Accredited Investors) and who execute and deliver an IAI Investment Letter (as defined 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes”) in which they agree to purchase the Notes for their 
own account and not with a view to the distribution thereof. The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will 
be represented by a global note in registered form, without Coupons, (a Rule 144A Global Note and, together with 
a Regulation S Global Note, the Registered Global Notes and each a Registered Global Note) which will be deposited 
with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, the Depositary Trust Company (DTC). 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under 
the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in definitive form, registered 
in the name of the holder thereof (Definitive IAI Registered Notes). Unless otherwise set forth in the applicable 
Final Terms, Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be issued only in minimum denominations of U.S.$500,000 and 
integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof (or the approximate equivalents in the applicable Specified 
Currency). Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear 
the restrictive legend described under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. Institutional 
Accredited Investors that hold Definitive IAI Registered Notes may not elect to hold such Notes through DTC, but

--- Page 33 ---
32 
 
transferees acquiring such Notes in transactions exempt from Securities Act registration pursuant to Regulation S or 
Rule 144A under the Securities Act (if available) may do so upon satisfaction of the requirements applicable to such 
transfer as described under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. The Rule 144A Global 
Note, the Regulation S Global Note and the Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on 
transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the absence 
of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 5 of the applicable 
Terms and Conditions) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent 
or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or 
deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date (as 
defined in Condition 5 of the applicable Terms and Conditions) immediately preceding the due date for payment in 
the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For 
these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Enforcement Event has occurred and is continuing, (ii) in the case 
of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note only, DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to 
continue to act as depository for the Notes and no alternative clearing system is available, (iii) in the case of Notes 
represented by a Rule 144A Global Note only, DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the 
Exchange Act or in the case of Notes represented by a Regulation S Global Note only and registered in the name of 
a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or in the name of the common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) 
or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no 
successor clearing system is available or (iv) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which 
would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will 
promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the applicable Terms and Conditions if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event as described in (iv) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. 
Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Registrar. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be notified by or on behalf of the Issuer whether or not Registered 
Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the 
Registered Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be transferred to a 
person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note or in the form of a Definitive IAI 
Registered Note and Definitive IAI Registered Notes may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in a Registered Global Note. No 
beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance 
with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. 
Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
VP Notes 
Each Tranche of VP Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. Legal title to the VP 
Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of VP. On the issue of VP Notes, the Issuer will send a copy 
of the applicable Final Terms to the Agent, with a copy sent to the VP Agent (where the VP Agent is not the Issuer). 
Following notification to VP of the terms relating to the relevant VP Notes by (or on behalf of) the Issuer and of the 
subscribers and their VP account details by the relevant Dealer, the VP Agent, acting on behalf of the Issuer, will give 
instructions to VP to credit each subscribing account holder with VP with a nominal amount of VP Notes equal to the 
nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.

--- Page 34 ---
33 
 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VP Notes in VP will take place in accordance with market 
practice at the time of the transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VP Notes will take place in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of VP. 
VP Notes will not be exchangeable for any physical note or document of title other than statements of account made 
by VP. 
VPS Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. Legal title to the 
VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of Euronext VPS. On the issue of VPS Notes, the Issuer 
will send a letter to the VPS Agent (the VPS Letter), which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS 
Notes in the form of the applicable Final Terms attached thereto. On delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter including 
the applicable Final Terms to Euronext VPS and notification to Euronext VPS of the subscribers and their Euronext 
VPS account details by the relevant Dealer, the VPS Agent will credit each subscribing account holder with Euronext 
VPS with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS will take place two Oslo 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Notes will only take 
place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euronext VPS. 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes, Bearer Notes or VP Notes, and vice versa. 
The VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 which 
implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 into Norwegian law, and, to the extent applicable, the Norwegian 
Securities Register Act of 5 July 2002 no. 64, as amended from time to time, and the holders of VPS Notes will be 
entitled to the rights and subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under these acts and any related 
regulations and legislation. 
The registration of VPS Notes in the VPS as well as the recording and transfer of ownership to, and other interests 
in, VPS Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes”), 
the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Bearer or Registered Notes is issued which 
is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Bearer or Registered Notes (as applicable) at a point 
after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and 
ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS number which are different from the common code, ISIN, CUSIP 
and CINS assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated 
and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period applicable to the 
Notes of such Tranche. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Bearer Global Note or a Regulation S Global Note held on behalf 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who 
is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest 
on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the 
registered holder of the relevant Regulation S Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and 
the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner or holder of a Rule 144A Global Note, DTC or such nominee, 
as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Rule 144A Global 
Note for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and such Notes except to the extent that in accordance with DTC’s 
published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through 
participants. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or VP and/or Euronext VPS 
shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing or 
settlement system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9 of the applicable 
Terms and Conditions. In such circumstances, where any Bearer Note or Registered Note is still represented by a 
Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the

--- Page 35 ---
34 
 
provisions of the Global Note then holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against 
the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC on and 
subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 26th October, 2017 and executed by the 
Issuer. In addition, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with DTC may require DTC to 
deliver Definitive Notes in registered form in exchange for their interest in such Global Note in accordance with 
DTC’s standard operating procedures. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the applicable Terms 
and Conditions, in which event a new Offering Circular will be made available which will describe the effect of the 
agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
35 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA  RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark (as this term is defined in 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark administrator]. As at the date 
of these Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
2 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 37 ---
36 
 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark (as this term is defined in the EU Benchmarks Regulation)] [does 
not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation/the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
[ ] 
Sydbank A/S 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): GP5DT10VX1QRQUKVBK64 
Issue of [ ] [ ] 
under the €4,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
other than VPS Notes/Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] set forth in the Offering Circular dated 18th June, 
2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated[ ][and[ ]]](the Offering Circular) which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation)]/[the Prospectus 
Regulation]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes  of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular in order to obtain all relevant 
information. The Offering Circular has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) set 
forth in the Offering Circular dated [14th November, 2014][26th October, 2017][8th June, 2018][23rd June, 2020] 
which are incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular dated 18th June, 2021. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation)]/[the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 18th June, 
2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [ ] [and [ ]]] (the Offering Circular) which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the 
Offering Circular, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Offering Circular has been published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Sydbank A/S 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [ ] on [the Issue Date/the date that is 40 
days after the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 25 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [ ]]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
5. 
Issue Price of Tranche: 
[ ] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [ ]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest for Notes in 
global form see Conditions): 
[ ] 
7. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date [and Interest 
Commencement Date]: 
[ ] 
[(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[ ] [Issue Date] [Not Applicable]]

--- Page 38 ---
37 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[ ] [Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [ ]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[Fixed Reset Notes] 
 
[[ ] +/- [ ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified in paragraphs 
[14/15/16] below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Redemption 
Option] 
 
[(further particulars specified in paragraphs [18/19] 
below)] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Preferred Senior/Non-Preferred 
Senior/Subordinated] 
(ii) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[ ]] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation 
to Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
15. 
Fixed Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
(ii) 
Reset Margin: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]

--- Page 39 ---
38 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s) to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vii) 
Determination Dates(s): 
[[ ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[ ] 
(ix) 
First Reset Date: 
[ ] 
(x) 
Second Reset Date: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] 
(xii) 
Relevant Time: 
[ ] 
(xiii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
(xiv) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate/Reference Bond] 
(xv) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly/Monthly] 
(xvii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean-Mid-Swap Rate/Not 
Applicable] 
(a) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Maturity: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[ ] per cent. 
(c) 
Reset Period Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- Reset Period Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[ ] per cent. 
(d) 
Last Observable Mid-
Swap Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xviii) 
First Reset Period Fallback Yield: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest for each 
Reset Period (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent, the VP Agent or the 
VPS Agent, as applicable): 
[[ ] (the Calculation Agent)]/[Not Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (ii) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (ii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 40 ---
39 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Principal Paying 
Agent, the VP Agent or the VPS 
Agent, as applicable): 
[[ ] (the Calculation Agent)]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- Reference Rate: 
Reference Rate: [ ] month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/CIBOR/NIBOR] 
- Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
- Reset Date: 
[ ] 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. The Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/ Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable – the Notes are not 
redeemable in part only] 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ]

--- Page 41 ---
40 
 
19. 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
Redemption Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax Gross-up): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount (Loss of Tax 
Deductibility): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount (MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount (Capital Event): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer 
 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon 
an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14th 
December, 2005.]] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$[ ] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common 
depository 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
[Rule 144A Global Note (U.S.$[ ] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC] 
 
[Definitive IAI Registered Notes]] 
 
[VP Notes issued in uncertificated and dematerialised 
book entry form] 
[VPS 
Notes 
issued 
in 
uncertificated 
and 
dematerialised book entry form] 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][ ] 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Bearer Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made.] [No] 
28. 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
Substitution/Variation Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
29. 
Tier 2 Substitution/Variation Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 42 ---
41 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Sydbank A/S: 
 
By: ....................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 43 ---
42 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application [[has been]/[is expected to be]] made for 
admission to the official list of, and for admission to 
trading on, the regulated market of Euronext Dublin  
Date from which admission effective: [ ]] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[ ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated:][The following rating[s] reflect[s] ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally:] 
 
[Moody’s Investors Service Limited: [ ]] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the Offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Offering Circular][Give 
details] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds 
[ 
] 
5. 
[YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
VP identification number: 
[Not Applicable][ ] 
(vi) 
Euronext VPS Identification 
number: 
[Not Applicable][ ] 
(vii) 
Any clearing or settlement system(s) 
other than DTC, VP Securities A/S, 
[Not Applicable][ ]

--- Page 44 ---
43 
 
Verdipapirsentralen, Norway, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any) or 
alternative VP Agent or VPS Agent 
(if applicable): 
[ ] 
(ix) 
[VP Agent][VPS Agent]: 
[Not Applicable/Sydbank A/S/Nordea Bank Abp, filial 
i Norge/give name] 
(x) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,][include this text for 
registered notes] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/[No. Whilst the 
designation is specified as "no" at the date of these Final 
Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
7. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
(i) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; 
 
TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(ii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA  Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 45 ---
44 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES OTHER THAN VPS NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes which will be incorporated by 
reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by 
the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at 
the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions. The following are also the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS 
Notes which will be applicable to each VP Note. VP Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of 
title other than statements of account made by VP. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note and shall apply as described above to 
VP Notes. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms 
which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Sydbank A/S (the Issuer) pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified Denomination 
in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer form; 
(iv) 
definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for a Global Note 
in registered form); and 
(v) 
any Notes issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form (VP Notes) and cleared through VP 
Securities A/S, the Danish central securities depository (VP). 
In the case of Notes other than VP Notes, the Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency 
Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 18th June, 2021 and made between the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as 
issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), The Bank of 
New York Mellon, as exchange agent (the Exchange Agent which expression shall include any successor exchange 
agent), The Bank of New York Mellon, as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any successor 
registrar) and a transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the Transfer 
Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents) and Sydbank A/S acting as the 
VP Agent (the VP Agent, which expression shall include any successor agent in relation to VP Notes settled through 
VP). 
In the case of VP Notes, the Notes have the benefit of the Agency Agreement only to the extent specified therein. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed 
to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached 
on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons, Talons or related expressions shall not apply to VP Notes. 
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached to, 
endorsed on or otherwise deemed to apply to this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions). 
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to, endorsed on or otherwise deemed to apply to this Note. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the holders 
of the Notes, (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered and (in the case of 
VP Notes) the persons evidenced as the owners of such VP Notes by book entries in the records of the VP and shall, 
in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to 
Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the 
holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to 
trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which (i) are 
expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have the same terms and conditions or terms and 
conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
the date from which interest starts to accrue.

--- Page 46 ---
45 
 
In the case of Notes other than VP Notes, the Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the 
Deed of Covenant (such Deed of Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Deed of Covenant) dated 26th October, 2017 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held 
by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, a deed poll (the Deed Poll) dated 26th October, 2017 and made by the Issuer and 
the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of 
the Principal Paying Agent, the VP Agent, the Registrar and the other Paying Agents and Transfer Agents (such 
Agents and the Registrar being together referred to as the Agents) or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder 
following their prior written request to any Paying Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form 
satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin. If this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area 
nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more 
unlisted Notes of that Series and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant 
Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice 
of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed Poll, the Deed of Covenant 
and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, 
and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same 
meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided 
that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable 
Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form or in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes or VP Notes and vice 
versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may also be a Preferred Senior Note, a Non-Preferred Senior Note or a Subordinated Note, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
VP Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than statements of account 
made by VP. 
1.2 
Title to Notes other than VP Notes 
This Condition 1.2 only applies to Notes other than VP Notes. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer 
of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof 
(whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Bearer Global Note or a Regulation S Global Note held 
on behalf of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) and/or The Depository Trust Company (DTC) or its nominee, each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear 
or of Clearstream, Luxembourg or of DTC as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as

--- Page 47 ---
46 
 
to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal 
or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes and, in the case of DTC or its nominee, voting, giving 
consents and making requests, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the 
registered holder of the relevant Regulation S Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as 
the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing or settlement system specified in Part 
B of the applicable Final Terms. 
1.3 
Title to VP Notes 
This Condition 1.3 only applies to VP Notes. 
The holder of a VP Note will be the person evidenced (including any nominee) as such by a book entry in 
the records of VP. The person so evidenced as a holder of VP Notes shall be treated as the holder of such 
Notes for all purposes and the expressions Noteholder, holder of Notes and holder of VP Notes and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Title to the VP Notes will pass by registration in the register between the direct or indirect accountholders 
at VP in accordance with the rules and procedures of VP. 
VP Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of VP. 
References to VP shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional 
or alternative clearing or settlement system specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect 
participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in 
another Registered Global Note only in the Specified Denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms 
and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in 
the Agency Agreement. Transfers of a Rule 144A Global Note shall be limited to transfers of such Rule 
144A Global Note, in whole but not in part, to a nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such 
successor’s nominee. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraphs (e) and (f), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the 
Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the 
Specified Denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (i) the 
holder or holders must (a) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered 
Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney 
or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (b) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be 
required by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the 
case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents 
of title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable 
regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being 
set out in Schedule 10 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with 
any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and 
delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, 
to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate

--- Page 48 ---
47 
 
nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case 
of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form 
in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at 
the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be required to register 
the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer as 
provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except 
that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other 
governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
(e) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of a beneficial 
interest in, a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee in the United States or who is a U.S. person will only 
be made: 
(i) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement, amended as appropriate (a Transfer Certificate), copies of which are available from 
the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, from the transferor of the Note or 
beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made: 
(A) 
to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A; or 
(B) 
to a person who is an Institutional Accredited Investor, together with, in the case of (B), a 
duly executed investment letter from the relevant transferee substantially in the form set 
out in the Agency Agreement (an IAI Investment Letter); or 
(ii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the Issuer 
of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include an opinion 
of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities laws of any State 
of the United States, and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any 
State of the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of (A) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note in global or definitive 
form and, in the case of (B) above, such transferee may take delivery only through a Legended Note in 
definitive form. 
(f) 
Transfers of interests in Legended Notes 
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Note, upon receipt 
by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect that such 
transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S and that, in the case of a Regulation S 
Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, if such transfer is being made prior to 
expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, the interests in the Notes being transferred 
will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note: 
(A) 
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; or 
(B) 
where the transferee is an Institutional Accredited Investor, subject to delivery to the 
Registrar of a Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is 
being made to an Institutional Accredited Investor, together with a duly executed IAI 
Investment Letter from the relevant transferee; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the Issuer 
of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include an opinion 
of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities laws of any State 
of the United States,

--- Page 49 ---
48 
 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States or any 
other jurisdiction. 
Notes transferred by Institutional Accredited Investors to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or outside the United 
States pursuant to Regulation S will be eligible to be held by such QIBs or non-U.S. investors through DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as appropriate, and the Registrar will arrange for any Notes which 
are the subject of such a transfer to be represented by the appropriate Registered Global Note, where 
applicable. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific request for removal of the 
Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Legended Notes or refuse to remove such Legend, as the case may 
be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be required by the 
Issuer, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither the Legend nor the restrictions on transfer 
set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
(g) 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Distribution Compliance Period means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of each Tranche of Notes; 
Institutional Accredited Investor means accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) 
under the Securities Act that are institutions; 
Legended Note means Registered Notes in definitive form that are issued to Institutional Accredited 
Investors and Registered Notes (whether in definitive form or represented by a Registered Global Note) sold 
in private transactions to QIBs in accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A; 
QIB means a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
Regulation S Global Note means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold outside the United 
States in reliance on Regulation S; 
Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
Rule 144A Global Note means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold in the United States or to 
QIBs; and 
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND SUBORDINATION 
(a) 
Status of the Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 3(a) only applies to Preferred Senior Notes. 
The Preferred Senior Notes and any relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, and rank and will at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu, without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
at least pari passu with all other outstanding senior, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer (save for obligations which may be preferred by law, including obligations benefitting 
from a preferred ranking to the Preferred Senior Notes), present and future, without any preference 
by reason of priority of date of creation, currency of payment or otherwise; and 
(iii) 
senior to any Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer as regards the right to receive periodic 
payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital 
on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Status of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 3(b) only applies to Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes and any relative Coupons, which on issue constitute Non-Preferred Senior 
Obligations of the Issuer, constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and rank and will at all 
times rank:  
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any other obligations or instruments that rank or are expressed to rank equally with 
the Non-Preferred Senior Notes (including any other Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the

--- Page 50 ---
49 
 
Issuer), in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to holders of the Ordinary Shares and any other obligations or capital instruments of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, or any obligations 
pursuant to Section 98 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act, in each case as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment 
of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act and (c) any other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the 
Issuer, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer. 
(c) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3(c) only applies to Subordinated Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes (kapitalbeviser) and any relative Coupons, which on issue constitute Tier 2 Capital 
of the Issuer, constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer, and rank and will 
at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
unless such pari passu ranking conflicts with paragraph (iii)(d) below and/or paragraph (iv)(d) 
below,  pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute Tier 
2 Capital and (b) any other obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to rank 
equally with the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments 
on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to (a) holders of the Ordinary Shares, (b) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer 
which constitute Tier 1 Capital, (c) unless such senior ranking conflicts with paragraph (iv)(d) 
below, any other obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank 
junior to the Subordinated Notes and (d) creditors of the Issuer that as a result of any Danish 
implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD rank or shall rank junior to the Subordinated Notes, 
in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and  
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer (including unsubordinated creditors pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act 
and unsubordinated creditors that are creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations), (c) 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer other than the present or future claims of creditors that rank or 
are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Subordinated Notes and (d) creditors of the 
Issuer that as a result of any Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD rank or shall 
rank senior to the Subordinated Notes. 
(d) 
No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim 
No Noteholder, who shall in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer be indebted to the Issuer, 
shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder. 
(e) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
BRRD means the Directive (2014/59/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution and 
recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15th May, 2014 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 12th June, 2014, (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law 
transposing or implementing such Directive, including (without limitation) the Danish Act on Recovery and 
Resolution of certain Financial Businesses and the Danish Financial Business Act), as amended by the 
Directive (2019/879/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20th May, 2019 and as further 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
CRD/CRR means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD Directive, the CRR and any 
CRD/CRR Implementing Measures;

--- Page 51 ---
50 
 
CRD Directive means the Directive (2013/36/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26th June, 2013 and published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 27th June, 2013, as amended by the Directive (2019/878/EU) 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20th May, 2019 and as further amended or replaced from 
time to time; 
CRD/CRR Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable, and which prescribe (alone 
or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments 
for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the 
extent required by the CRD Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt and without 
limitation any regulatory technical standards guidelines, recommendations and/or opinions released from 
time to time by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof) or the Relevant 
Regulator, as the case may be; 
CRR means the Regulation (2013/575) of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26th June, 2013 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 27th June, 2013, as amended by the Regulation (2019/876/EU) of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20th May, 2019 and the Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 24th June, 2020, and as further amended or replaced from time 
to time; 
Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial Businesses means the Danish Act on 
Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial Businesses (Act No. 24 of 4th January, 2019, as amended); 
Danish Bankruptcy Act means the Danish Bankruptcy Act (Consolidated Act no. 775 of 3rd May, 2021, 
as amended); 
Danish Financial Business Act means the Danish Financial Business Act (Consolidated Act No. 1447 of 
11th September, 2020, as amended); 
Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, 
any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Denmark, relating to (i) the 
transposition of the BRRD (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing 
such Directive) as amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, 
cancelled, modified, or converted into Ordinary Shares, other Securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
any other Person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
Non-Preferred Senior Obligations means any unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities of the Issuer which 
rank below (i) any Preferred Senior Notes issued by the Issuer and (ii) any obligations of the Issuer that rank 
pari passu with any Preferred Senior Notes upon an insolvency of the Issuer in accordance with section 
13(3) of the Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial Businesses;  
Ordinary Shares means fully paid-up ordinary shares in the capital of the Issuer (and each an Ordinary 
Share); 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
Relevant Amounts means the outstanding principal amounts of the Notes, together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest and additional amounts (as described in Condition 7 (Taxation)) due on the Notes. References 
to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, 
prior to the exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority; 
Relevant Regulator means the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (DFSA) and any successor or 
replacement thereto, or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer and/or (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) the 
Relevant Resolution Authority (if applicable), in any case as determined by the Issuer; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Danish 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (or any other power under the BRRD) in relation to the Issuer; 
Relevant Rules means the regulatory capital rules from time to time as applied to the Issuer by the Relevant 
Regulator and as amended from time to time (including, without limitation, CRD/CRR and/or the BRRD, as 
applicable);

--- Page 52 ---
51 
 
Securities means any securities including, without limitation, shares in the capital of the Issuer (and each a 
Security); 
Subsidiary has the meaning given to that term in Sections 6 and 7 of the Danish Companies Act; 
Tier 1 Capital means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 1 under the Relevant Rules by the 
Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer; and 
Tier 2 Capital means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 2 under the Relevant Rules by the 
Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer. 
4. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per 
annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in 
each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such 
date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying 
the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered Notes 
in definitive form or (iii) VP Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (I) the Fixed Rate 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (II) such Registered Notes of (III) such VP Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Notes which are Registered Notes in 
definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in 
definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall 
be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with this 
Condition 4(a) or Condition 4(b), as applicable: 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than 
the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in 
such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period, 
during which the Accrual Periods ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; 
and

--- Page 53 ---
52 
 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the 
next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, 
and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rate of Interest 
Each Fixed Reset Note bears interest: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Interest Rate; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if 
none, the Maturity Date (the First Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the First 
Reset Rate; and 
(C) 
if applicable, from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the first 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any), and each successive period from (and including) any 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (if 
any) (each a Subsequent Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate, 
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
(each a Rate of Interest) payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year up to and including the Maturity Date. 
The provisions of this Condition 4(b) shall apply, as applicable, in respect of any determination by 
the Calculation Agent of the Rate of Interest for a Reset Period in accordance with this Condition 
4(b) as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Floating Rate Notes. The Rate of Interest for each Reset 
Period shall otherwise be determined by the Principal Paying Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(b). Once the Rate of 
Interest is determined for a Reset Period, the provisions of Condition 4(a) shall apply to Fixed Reset 
Notes, as applicable, as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Fixed Rate Notes.  
If Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
the First Reset Rate and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate will be converted from the 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis to a basis which matches the per annum frequency 
of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the Notes (such calculation to be determined by the Issuer 
in conjunction with a leading financial institution selected by it). 
In this Condition 4(b): 
Calculation Agent means the Principal Paying Agent or such other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest in respect of 
each Reset Period; 
First Reset Period Fallback Yield means the yield specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
First Reset Rate means the sum of the Reset Margin and the applicable Reset Reference Rate for 
the First Reset Period as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Mid-Market Swap Rate means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis (calculated 
on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified

--- Page 54 ---
53 
 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on 
the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market 
and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Maturity (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in 
the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means EURIBOR (if the Specified Currency is euro), 
daily compounded Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (if the Specified Currency is U.S. 
dollars), daily compounded Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) (if the Specified Currency 
is Pounds Sterling), NIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Norwegian Kroner, CIBOR (if the 
Specified Currency is Danish Kroner), STIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Swedish Kronor) or 
(in the case of any other Specified Currency) the benchmark rate most closely connected with such 
Specified Currency and selected by the Calculation Agent after consultation with the Issuer; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on that Reset 
Date, either: 
(a) 
if Single Mid Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate 
quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. If, on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen 
Page is not available or any such rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on such Reset Determination Date, the Mid-Swap Rate for the Reset Date will be the Reset 
Reference Bank (Mid-Swap) Rate for the relevant Reset Period; 
Reference Banks means: 
(a) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of five major 
banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate; or 
(b) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of five major 
banks which are primary government securities dealers or market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues denominated in the Specified Currency, 
in each case as selected by the Issuer in its discretion after consultation with the Calculation Agent; 
Reference Bond means, in relation to any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued 
by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, 
shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a 
comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period;    
Relevant Screen Page means the display page on the relevant service as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on such other 
equivalent information service as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Relevant Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 55 ---
54 
 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date, as 
applicable; 
Reset Determination Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
Reset Period Reference Bond Quotations means, in relation to a Reference Bank and a Reset 
Determination Date, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and 
offered yields for the relevant Reference Bond provided to the Calculation Agent by such Reference 
Bank at approximately the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date; 
Reset Reference Bank (Mid-Swap) Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period 
commencing on that Reset Date, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) determined 
on the basis of the Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations provided by the Reference Banks at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date. The Calculation Agent 
will request the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date. If at 
least three such quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank (Mid-Swap) Rate for the 
relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations 
provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the 
lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two such quotations are 
provided, the Reset Reference Bank (Mid-Swap) Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided. If only one such 
quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Bank (Mid-Swap) Rate for the relevant Reset Period 
will be the relevant quotation provided. If no such quotations are provided, the Reset Reference 
Bank (Mid-Swap) Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be (a) in the case of a Reset Determination 
Date other than the first Reset Determination Date, the Mid-Swap Rate determined on the last 
preceding Reset Determination Date or (b) in the case of the first Reset Determination Date:  
(a) 
if Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Initial Mid-Swap Rate; or 
(b) 
if Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate; or 
(c) 
if Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, the last observable rate for swaps in the Specified Currency 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
Reset Reference Bank (Reference Bond) Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset 
Period commencing on that Reset Date, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) 
determined on the basis of the Reset Period Reference Bond Quotations provided by the Reference 
Banks at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date. The 
Calculation Agent will request the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its Reset Period 
Reference Bond Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date. If at least three such quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank 
(Reference Bond) Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If only two such quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank (Reference Bond) Rate for the 
relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the quotations provided. 
If fewer than two such quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank (Reference Bond) Rate 
for the relevant Reset Period will be (a) in the case of a Reset Determination Date other than the 
first Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank (Reference Bond) Rate determined on 
the last preceding Reset Determination Date or (b) in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, 
the First Reset Period Fallback Yield, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Reset Reference Rate means either: 
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Mid-Swap Rate; 
or

--- Page 56 ---
55 
 
(ii) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if a Relevant Screen Page is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic 
mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and 
offered yields of the relevant Reference Bond, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on such 
Reset Determination Date; or 
(B) 
if (I) a Relevant Screen Page is so specified and such rate does not appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date, 
or (II) a Relevant Screen Page is not so specified, the Reset Reference Bank 
(Reference Bond) Rate on such Reset Determination Date; and 
Subsequent Reset Rate means the sum of the Reset Margin and the applicable Reset Reference 
Rate for the relevant Subsequent Reset Period as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(ii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Reset Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and the amount of interest (the Reset 
Interest Amount) payable for each Interest Period falling in a Reset Period to be notified to the 
Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Fixed Reset Notes are for the time being listed 
and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. For the purposes 
of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(iii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(b) by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the VP Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no express Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the 
Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the 
Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4(c)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest

--- Page 57 ---
56 
 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period 
after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and any Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(B) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(C) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA Rate for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if (in the case of Notes other than VP 
Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent were acting 
as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Associations, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes, published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating 
Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or

--- Page 58 ---
57 
 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either 
EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR or CIBOR as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) as at the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) 
the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, 
if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or 
(in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)(1), 
no offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)(2), fewer than three 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Principal Paying 
Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of 
the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Principal Paying Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum 
which the Principal Paying Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, 
as communicated to (and at the request of) the Principal Paying Agent by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately 
the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or 
the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Copenhagen inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is CIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if 
fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the 
purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Copenhagen inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is CIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Interest Determination Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if none is so specified:

--- Page 59 ---
58 
 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is Euro LIBOR or the Euro-zone interbank offered rate 
(EURIBOR), the second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period;  
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), 
the second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; or 
(iii) 
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR), the 
second Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; or 
(iv) 
if the Reference Rate is the Copenhagen interbank offered rate (CIBOR), the first 
day of each Interest Period or the second Copenhagen business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period; 
Reference Banks shall mean, in the case of Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)(1) above, those banks 
whose offered rates were used to determine such quotation when such quotation last 
appeared on the Relevant Screen Page and, in the case of Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)(2) above, 
those banks whose offered quotations last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when no 
fewer than three such offered quotations appeared;  
Reference Rate shall mean (i)  EURIBOR, (ii) NIBOR, (iii) STIBOR or (iv) CIBOR, in 
each case for the relevant period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Specified Time shall mean (i) 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), in the case of a determination 
of EURIBOR, (ii) 12.00 noon (Oslo time), in the case of a determination of NIBOR, (iii) 
11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time), in the case of a determination of STIBOR, or (iv) 11.00 a.m. 
(Copenhagen time), in the case of a determination of CIBOR. 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) or (in the case of VP Notes) 
the VP Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) or (in the case of VP Notes) 
the VP Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating 
Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Notes in definitive form or (iii) VP Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of (I) the Notes represented by such Global Note or (II) such Registered Notes or 
(III) such VP Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding.

--- Page 60 ---
59 
 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest 
Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls: 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls: 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 61 ---
60 
 
Day Count Fraction= [360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls: 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) or (in the case of VP Notes) the 
VP Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, 
next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) or (in the 
case of VP Notes) the VP Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner deems appropriate, which may 
include consultation with an independent adviser, for such purposes. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) or (in the case of VP Notes) 
the VP Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
general business in London. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(c) by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the VP Agent (as the case may be) shall (in the absence of wilful default, 
bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the VP Agent, the 
other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad 
faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal

--- Page 62 ---
61 
 
Paying Agent or the VP Agent (as the case may be) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(d) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If: 
(i) 
the Notes are Fixed Reset Notes; or 
(ii) 
the Notes are Floating Rate Notes and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
then the provisions of this Condition 4(d) shall apply. 
If, notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4(c)(ii)(B) (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) or Condition 
4(b) (in the case of Fixed Reset Notes), the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the VP Agent, or 
any other party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, determines (in consultation with the Issuer) 
that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if such Independent Adviser fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (in any such case, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) no later than the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, for 
the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable 
to the Notes for the next relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) and for all other 
future relevant Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 4(d) during any other future Interest Period(s) or Reset Period(s) (as applicable)); 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by 
the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread prior to the relevant IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Issuer fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an Alternative Reference 
Rate, 
and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread no later than the relevant Issuer Determination 
Cut-off Date, for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) applicable to the Notes for the next relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) 
and for all other future relevant Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 4(d) during any other future Interest Period(s) or Reset 
Period(s) (as applicable)). Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of 
determining any Successor Reference Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or the applicable 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents 
as well as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of 
market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in accordance with 
this Condition 4(d): 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the 
Original Reference Rate for all future relevant Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 4(d)); 
(B) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) shall determine an 
Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum or a formula or 
methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and for the avoidance of 
doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as

--- Page 63 ---
62 
 
applicable) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate; and 
(C) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion specify: 
(x) 
changes to these Conditions in order to follow market practice in relation to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or, 
in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, including, but not limited to (1) 
the Additional Business Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day 
Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Reset Determination Date, 
Reference Banks and/or Relevant Screen Page applicable to the Notes and (2) the 
method for determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest (or relevant 
component part thereof) in relation to the Notes if such Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is not available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to ensure the proper operation 
and comparability to the relevant Original Reference Rate of such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future relevant Interest Periods or Reset 
Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4(d)); and 
(d) 
promptly following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and (ii) the applicable Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall 
give notice thereof and of any changes (and the effective date thereof) pursuant to 
Condition 4(d)(iii)(C) to the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the VP Agent 
or any other party responsible for the calculation of interest and the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
No consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required in connection with effecting the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) as described in 
this Condition 4(d) or such other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 4(d)(iii)(C), including for 
the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the 
Agency Agreement (if required). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread is not determined pursuant to this 
Condition 4(d) prior to the relevant Issuer Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest (or 
component part thereof) for the next relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall 
be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 4(c)(ii)(B) (in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes) or Condition 4(b) (in the case of Fixed Reset Notes); provided that this 
paragraph shall apply to the determination of the relevant Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period 
or Reset Period (as applicable), and the Rate of Interest (or component part thereof) applicable to 
any subsequent Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) is subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 4(d). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(d): 
(i) 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be 
adopted, no Adjustment Spread will be applied and no other amendments to the terms of 
the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4(d), if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of the Notes as: 
(A) 
in the case of Preferred Senior Notes (if applicable) or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, MREL/TLAC Eligible Liabilities (as defined below); or 
(B) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital; and/or

--- Page 64 ---
63 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Preferred Senior Notes (if applicable) or Non-Preferred Senior Notes only, 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this 
Condition 4(d), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest 
Payment Date or Reset Date, as applicable, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date. 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such formal recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate), 
(ii) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is customarily applied to 
the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in international 
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate; or (if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that 
no such spread is customarily applied), or 
(iii) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or (if the relevant Independent 
Adviser determines no such spread is recognised or acknowledged). 
Alternative Reference Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the relevant Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) in respect of debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency 
and: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes which are Floating Rate Notes, with an interest period of comparable duration 
to the relevant Interest Period(s); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes which are Fixed Reset Notes, with a tenor or reset period of comparable 
duration to the relevant Reset Period(s), 
or, in any case, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no 
such rate, such other rather as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its 
discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five consecutive 
Business Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(ii) 
the later of (A) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
on or by a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (ii)(A); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference 
Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or by a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (iv)(A); or 
(v) 
the later of (A) a public statement by the supervisor or the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or by a specified date and (B) 
the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (v)(A); or

--- Page 65 ---
64 
 
(vi) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that such 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer be used; or 
(vii) 
it has or will, prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as 
applicable) become unlawful for the Principal Paying Agent, the VP Agent or any other party 
responsible for calculating interest or any other agents party to the Agency Agreement to calculate 
any payments due to be made to the Noteholders or Couponholders using the Original Reference 
Rate. 
IA Determination Cut-off Date means: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Fixed Reset Notes, in any Reset Period, the date that is five Business Days prior to 
the Reset Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Reset Period; or  
(ii) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, in any Interest Period, the date that is five Business Days prior 
to the Interest Determination Date relating to the immediately following Interest Period. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case appointed 
by the Issuer at its own expense. 
Issuer Determination Cut-off Date means: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Fixed Reset Notes, in any Reset Period, the date that is three Business Days prior 
to the Reset Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Reset Period; or  
(ii) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, in any Interest Period, the date that is three Business Days 
prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the immediately following Interest Period. 
Original Reference Rate means: 
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purposes of determining 
the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) in respect of any Interest 
Period(s) or Reset Period(s); or 
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been determined in relation 
to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 4(d). 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended 
by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(e) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to 
bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or 
refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Notes 
(in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar or (in the case of VP Notes) has been made available for debiting by VP in the cash 
account notified to VP by or on behalf of the Issuer, as the case may be, and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below:

--- Page 66 ---
65 
 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by transfer (including by electronic 
means) to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by transfer (including by electronic means) to a euro account (or 
any other account to which euro may be transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the 
place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the 
United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for 
this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount 
of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion 
of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted 
from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned 
above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued 
in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Fixed Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer 
form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be 
made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on 
issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon 
provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the 
aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such 
Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case 
may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive 
Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer form 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Bearer Notes 
or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable, against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States. A record of each payment, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment 
of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes

--- Page 67 ---
66 
 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered 
Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by 
transfer (including by electronic means) to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the 
first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered 
Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before 
the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of 
the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (a) a holder 
does not have a Designated Account or (b) the principal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less than 
U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will instead be made 
by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, 
Designated Account means the account maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as 
such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than 
euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) 
and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made to the 
holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in 
global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive 
form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before 
the relevant due date (the Record Date) at his address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at his 
risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days 
in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of 
interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner 
provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer (including by electronic means) shall 
be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) in respect of 
the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such 
time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due in 
respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal 
amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in receiving 
any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in accordance with this 
Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall 
be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of 
the Registered Notes. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Global Note in registered form in 
respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer by 
the Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or 
its nominee for payment in such Specified Currency for conversion into U.S. dollars unless the participant 
in DTC with an interest in the Notes has elected to receive any part of such payment in that Specified 
Currency, in the manner specified in the Agency Agreement and in accordance with the rules and procedures 
for the time being of DTC. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating 
to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments in relation to Notes other than VP Notes 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of 
Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, 
as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if:

--- Page 68 ---
67 
 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at 
such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the 
Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(f) 
VP Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VP Notes shall be made by, or on behalf of, the Issuer to the 
holders shown in the records of VP, in accordance with, and subject to the rules and regulations from time 
to time governing VP. 
(g) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment 
Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, 
a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; 
(iii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(iv) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee and in respect 
of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such Registered Global Note) has not elected 
to receive any part of such payment in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars, a day on which 
commercial banks are not authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed in New York 
City. 
(h) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount (Tax Gross-up) of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Early Redemption Amount (Loss of Tax Deductibility) of the Notes; 
(v) 
the Early Redemption Amount (MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event) of the Notes; 
(vi) 
the Early Redemption Amount (Capital Event) of the Notes; 
(vii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under 
or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7.

--- Page 69 ---
68 
 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed by 
the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 6(l) (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes) or Condition 
6(m) (in the case of Subordinated Notes), any Series of Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part, at any time (if such Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if such Notes are Floating Rate Notes), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to (in 
the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent 
(where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction), if: 
(i) 
(a) on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay Additional Amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any change in, 
or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7) or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the last 
Tranche of the relevant Series and (b) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it (such event described in this sub-paragraph (i) a Tax Event 
(Gross-up)); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only, the Issuer will no longer be able to obtain a tax deduction 
for the purposes of Danish tax for any payment of interest under the relevant Subordinated Notes 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as 
defined in Condition 7) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement 
is reached to issue the last Tranche of the relevant Series (such event described in this sub-paragraph 
(ii) a Tax Event (Deductibility)), 
provided that, in the case of a Tax Event (Gross-up), no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 
90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay the relevant Additional 
Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to (in 
the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent 
(where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (or, in the 
case of VP Notes where the Issuer is the VP Agent, the Issuer shall make available to the Noteholders at its 
registered office) (i) a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal or tax advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
or make a payment in respect of which it would be obliged to account to any taxing authority, as applicable, 
as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at (A) in the case of a Tax Event (Gross-
up), (in the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes) the Early Redemption Amount (Tax Gross-up) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) an early redemption amount 
determined pursuant to paragraph (f) below or (B) in the case of a Tax Event (Deductibility), the Early 
Redemption Amount (Loss of Tax Deductibility) specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
If the MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Redemption Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, subject to Condition 6(l), any Series of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if such Notes are 
not Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (if such Notes are Floating Rate Notes), on giving 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal 
Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission 
Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction), upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
(as defined in Condition 6(n)). Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes redeemed pursuant to

--- Page 70 ---
69 
 
this Condition 6(c) will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount (MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event) specified in the applicable Final Terms together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to (in 
the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent 
(where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (or, in the 
case of VP Notes where the Issuer is the VP Agent, the Issuer shall make available to the Noteholders at its 
registered office) a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. 
(d) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event 
Subject to Condition 6(m), any Series of Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (if such Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if such Notes are Floating Rate Notes), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to (in 
the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent 
(where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction), upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event (as defined in Condition 6(n)). Subordinated Notes redeemed pursuant to this 
Condition 6(d) will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount (Capital Event) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to (in 
the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent 
(where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (or, in the 
case of VP Notes where the Issuer is the VP Agent, the Issuer shall make available to the Noteholders at its 
registered office) a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 6(l) (in the 
case of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes) or Condition 6(m) (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes), the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13; 
and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to (in the case of Notes 
other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent (where 
the VP Agent is not the Issuer) and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the Registrar; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction, 
and shall specify the date(s) fixed for redemption), redeem all or (if redemption in part is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. If 
redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any such redemption must 
be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial 
redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be selected (i) individually by lot, 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, (ii) in accordance with the rules of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) and/or DTC, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, or (iii) in accordance with the standard procedures of VP in 
the case of Redeemed Notes which are VP Notes, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption 
(such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of 
the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and 
including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this paragraph (e) and notice to that effect shall be given 
by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least five days prior to the Selection 
Date. 
(f) 
Early Redemption Amount of Zero Coupon Notes

--- Page 71 ---
70 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the early redemption amount payable upon the 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount (the Early 
Redemption Amount) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)x where: 
RP means the Reference Price; and 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
x is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in which 
case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting 
of 12 months of 30 days each)) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator of which will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
(g) 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 6(l) (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes) or Condition 
6(m) (in the case of Subordinated Notes), the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may purchase Notes 
(provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto 
are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer, (i) in the case of Notes other than VP Notes, surrendered to any Paying 
Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation, or (ii) in the case of VP Notes, cancelled by deletion from the 
records of VP. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (g) above (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
cancelled therewith) shall be (i) in the case of Notes other than VP Notes, forwarded to the Principal Paying 
Agent, or (ii) in the case of VP Notes, deleted from the records of VP, and cannot in either case be reissued 
or resold. 
(i) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (f) above as though the references therein to 
the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable 
were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) has been received by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Registrar or (in the case of VP Notes) has been made available for debiting by VP in 
the cash account notified to VP by or on behalf of the Issuer and notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(j) 
Substitution and variation of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
In the case of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if the MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event Substitution/Variation Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, subject 
to Condition 6(l) and having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to (in the case of Notes 
other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP 
Agent is not the Issuer) and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), (i) if a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing or (ii) in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17(e), the Issuer may substitute all (but not some 
only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they become or remain (x) in the case of Preferred Senior

--- Page 72 ---
71 
 
Notes, Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes (as defined below) or (y) in the case of Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes (as defined below). 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or variation shall 
take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions of the 
Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as the case may be. Such 
substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
(k) 
Substitution and variation of Subordinated Notes  
In the case of Subordinated Notes, if the Tier 2 Substitution/Variation Option is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable, subject to Condition 6(m) and having given no less than 30 nor more than 
60 days’ notice to (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of 
VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) and, in accordance with Condition 13, the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), (i) if a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing or (ii) 
in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17(e), the Issuer may substitute all (but 
not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated Notes 
(as defined below). 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or variation shall 
take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions of the 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or charge to 
the Noteholders. 
(l) 
Conditions to redemption, purchase, substitution or variation of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date 
Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, substituted or 
varied pursuant to Condition 6 if:  
(i) 
in the case of any substitution or variation, the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, and 
the Relevant Regulator has not objected to, such substitution or variation (as applicable) in 
accordance with the CRD/CRR Requirements; and 
(ii) 
in the case of any redemption or purchase, the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, and 
the Relevant Regulator has granted permission for, such redemption or purchase (as applicable) 
and, if so given by the Relevant Regulator, such permission has not been withdrawn by the Relevant 
Regulator prior to the date fixed for redemption or purchase (as applicable). 
If applicable, if after a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to Condition 6(b), Condition 6(c) or 
Condition 6(e) (as applicable), the Relevant Regulator withdraws its permission to the relevant redemption 
before the relevant redemption date, such notice of redemption shall automatically be revoked and the 
relevant redemption shall not be made until a new redemption notice is given and all conditions for 
redemption as described in this Condition 6(l) have been fulfilled. In respect of any Preferred Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the redemption restriction described in this paragraph is referred to as the 
Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction. 
Any refusal by the Relevant Regulator to grant its permission or, as the case may be, not object to any such 
redemption, purchase, substitution or variation (as applicable) pursuant to this Condition 6(l) (or, as the case 
may be, any withdrawal by the Relevant Regulator of any such permission) will not constitute an event of 
default under the Notes. 
(m) 
Conditions to redemption, purchase, substitution or variation of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date 
Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, substituted or varied pursuant to Condition 6 if (and, 
in each case, to the extent then required by the Relevant Rules): 
(i) 
in the case of any substitution or variation, the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, and 
the Relevant Regulator has not objected to, such substitution or variation (as applicable) in 
accordance with the CRD/CRR Requirements; 
(ii) 
in the case of any redemption or purchase, the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, and 
the Relevant Regulator has granted permission for, such redemption or purchase (as applicable) 
and, if so given by the Relevant Regulator, such permission has not been withdrawn by the Relevant 
Regulator prior to the date fixed for redemption or purchase (as applicable); 
(iii) 
in the case of a redemption as a result of a Tax Event (Gross-up) or a Tax Event (Deductibility), the 
Issuer has satisfied the Relevant Regulator that such change in tax treatment of the Notes is material 
and was not reasonably foreseeable on the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the relevant Series; and

--- Page 73 ---
72 
 
(iv) 
in the case of a redemption as a result of a Capital Event, (a) the Issuer has satisfied the Relevant 
Regulator that the regulatory reclassification was not reasonably foreseeable on the Issue Date of 
the last Tranche of the relevant Series and (b) the Relevant Regulator considers such a change to 
be sufficiently certain. 
If applicable, if after a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to Condition 6(b), Condition 6(d) or 
Condition 6(e) (as applicable), the Relevant Regulator withdraws its permission to the relevant redemption 
before the relevant redemption date, such notice of redemption shall automatically be revoked and the 
relevant redemption shall not be made until a new redemption notice is given and all conditions for 
redemption as described in this Condition 6(m) have been fulfilled. In respect of any Subordinated Notes, 
the redemption restriction described in this paragraph is referred to as the Permission Withdrawal Early 
Redemption Restriction. 
Any refusal by the Relevant Regulator to grant its permission or, as the case may be, not object to any such 
redemption, purchase, substitution or variation (as applicable) pursuant to this Condition 6(m) (or, as the 
case may be, any withdrawal by the Relevant Regulator of any such permission) will not constitute an event 
of default under the Subordinated Notes. 
(n) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in the Kingdom of Denmark giving effect to any MREL/TLAC Requirement or 
any successor regulations then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, CRD/CRR, the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies giving effect to any MREL/TLAC Requirement or any successor regulations then in effect (whether 
or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group); 
Capital Event means, in respect of a Series of Subordinated Notes, at any time, on or after the Issue Date 
of the last Tranche of such Series, there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
that results or will result in: 
(i) 
their exclusion in whole (but not in part) from the regulatory capital of the Issuer and/or the Group; 
or 
(i) 
reclassification in whole (but not in part) as a lower quality form of regulatory capital of 
the Issuer and/or the Group; 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event means, in respect of a Series of Preferred Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of: 
(i) 
the implementation of any Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations on or after the date of issue of the 
last Tranche of such Series; or 
(ii) 
a change in any Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations becoming effective on or after the date of 
issue of the last Tranche of such Series,  
all or part of the outstanding principal amounts of such Series will be excluded from MREL/TLAC Eligible 
Liabilities if the Issuer and/or the Group is/are then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such 
MREL/TLAC Requirement, provided that a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event shall not occur where such 
exclusion is or will be caused by (1) the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, or (2) any 
applicable limits on the amount of MREL/TLAC Eligible Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet any 
MREL/TLAC Requirement(s) being exceeded;  
MREL/TLAC Eligible Liabilities means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which 
are available to meet any MREL/TLAC Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable 
MREL/TLAC Regulations) of the Issuer and/or the Group under Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations; 
MREL/TLAC Requirement means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or 
the total loss-absorbing capacity requirement, in each case which is or, as the case may be, will be, applicable 
to the Issuer and/or the Group;  
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes means, in respect of a Series of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, at 
any time, any securities (other than such Notes) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for “eligible liabilities” (or any 
equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations in relation 
to the relevant MREL/TLAC Requirement(s) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may result in the

--- Page 74 ---
73 
 
relevant securities not including, or restricting for a period of time the application of, one or more 
of the early redemption rights which are included in the relevant Notes);  
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 6(j);  
(iii) 
have the same Specified Denomination(s) and outstanding principal amounts as the relevant Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j);  
(iv) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant Notes prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j);  
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 6(j);  
(vi) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j) be 
subject to a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event and/or a Tax Event (Gross-up);  
(vii) 
are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Notes 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j) unless, in 
respect of each such solicited credit rating, any downgrade of such solicited credit rating compared 
to the equivalent solicited credit rating that was assigned to the Notes immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j) is solely attributable to the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 17(e); 
(viii) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17(e), have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes, as determined 
by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, and provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a 
certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) 
the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP Agent is not 
the Issuer) not less than 5 Business Days prior to (a) in the case of a substitution of the relevant 
Notes pursuant to Condition 6(j), the issue date of the relevant securities or (b) in the case of a 
variation of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 6(j), the date such variation becomes effective; 
and 
(ix) 
if (A) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (a Regulated Market) immediately prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or (B) the relevant Notes were 
listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated Market 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any 
recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated Market), in either case as 
selected by the Issuer;  
Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes means, in respect of a Series of Preferred Senior Notes, at any time, 
any securities (other than such Notes) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for “eligible liabilities” (or any 
equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations in relation 
to the relevant MREL/TLAC Requirement(s) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may result in the 
relevant securities not including, or restricting for a period of time the application of, one or more 
of the early redemption rights which are included in the relevant Notes);  
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 6(j);  
(iii) 
have the same Specified Denomination(s) and outstanding principal amounts as the relevant Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j);  
(iv) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant Notes prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j);  
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 6(j);  
(vi) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j) be 
subject to a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event and/or a Tax Event (Gross-up);  
(vii) 
are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Notes 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j) unless, in 
respect of each such solicited credit rating, any downgrade of such solicited credit rating compared 
to the equivalent solicited credit rating that was assigned to the Notes immediately prior to the

--- Page 75 ---
74 
 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j) is solely attributable to the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 17(e); 
(viii) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17(e), have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes, as determined 
by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, and provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a 
certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) 
the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP Agent is not 
the Issuer) not less than 5 Business Days prior to (a) in the case of a substitution of the relevant 
Notes pursuant to Condition 6(j), the issue date of the relevant securities or (b) in the case of a 
variation of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 6(j), the date such variation becomes effective; 
and 
(ix) 
if (A) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
or (B) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange other 
than a Regulated Market immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or 
admitted to trading on any recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated 
Market), in either case as selected by the Issuer; and 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes means, in respect of a Series of Subordinated Notes, at any time, any 
securities (other than such Notes) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements of the Relevant Regulator in 
relation to Tier 2 Capital;  
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition (k);  
(iii) 
have the same Specified Denomination(s) and outstanding principal amounts as the relevant Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition (k);  
(iv) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant Notes prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition (k);  
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition (k);  
(vi) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition (k), be 
subject to a Capital Event and/or a Tax Event (Gross-up);  
(vii) 
are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Notes 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition (k) unless, in 
respect of each such solicited credit rating, any downgrade of such solicited credit rating compared 
to the equivalent solicited credit rating that was assigned to the Notes immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition (k) is solely attributable to the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 17(e); 
(viii) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17(e), have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes, as determined 
by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, and provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a 
certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) 
the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP Agent is not 
the Issuer) not less than 5 Business Days prior to (a) in the case of a substitution of the relevant 
Notes pursuant to Condition (k), the issue date of the relevant securities or (b) in the case of a 
variation of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition (k), the date such variation becomes effective; 
and 
(ix) 
if (A) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (a Regulated Market) immediately prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or (B) the relevant Notes were 
listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated Market 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any 
recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated Market), in either case as 
selected by the Issuer. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of

--- Page 76 ---
75 
 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In such event, in the case of a payment of interest only, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts (Additional Amounts) as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by 
the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
of interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may 
be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Denmark; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason 
of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or 
Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined 
in Condition 5(f)). 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Denmark or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, 
if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been (in the case of Notes other than VP 
Notes) duly received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar or (in the case of VP 
Notes) made available for debiting by VP in the cash account notified to VP by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on 
which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received or made available for 
debiting (as applicable), notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9. 
ENFORCEMENT EVENTS 
(a) 
Any one or more of the following events shall constitute an Enforcement Event: 
(i) 
there is a failure to make payment of any principal or any interest in respect of the Notes within 
three Banking Days of the relevant due date; or 
(ii) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. 
(b) 
(i) 
If an Enforcement Event shall have occurred and be continuing, any Noteholder may, at its 
discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think 
fit to enforce its rights provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any such 
proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been 
payable, except as set forth in (ii) below. 
(ii) 
If an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the bankruptcy or liquidation of the 
Issuer, then all the Notes shall become immediately due and payable at the request of any 
Noteholder at their then outstanding principal amount together with interest accrued to such date. 
If any Note shall become so repayable, it shall be repaid at its Final Redemption Amount, together 
with accrued interest (if any) to the date of payment thereof. 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition, Banking Day means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Copenhagen; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business

--- Page 77 ---
76 
 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (B) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
This Condition 10 only applies to Notes other than VP Notes. 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may 
be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. 
11. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any additional Paying 
Agents or any alternative VP Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other 
Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent, a Paying Agent with its specified office in a 
jurisdiction within Europe other than the Tax Jurisdiction and (in the case of Registered Notes) a 
Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, which may be the Principal Paying Agent (in 
the case of Bearer Notes) and a Transfer Agent, which may be the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; 
(c) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than U.S. 
dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent with a 
specified office in New York City; and 
(d) 
in the case of VP Notes, there will always be a VP Agent authorised to act as an account holding 
institution with VP. 
In addition, in the case of Notes other than VP Notes, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent 
having a specified office in New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 5(e). Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall 
be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with 
which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
This Condition 12 only applies to Bearer Notes. 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, 
the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such 
further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest 
due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. 
13. 
NOTICES 
13.1 
Notes other than VP Notes 
This Condition 13.1 only applies to Notes other than VP Notes. 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that such publication will be made

--- Page 78 ---
77 
 
in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner 
which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including 
publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to 
be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail or 
(if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their 
respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after 
mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted 
to listing by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, 
such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a 
daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by that stock exchange. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing the 
Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites or such mailing the delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for communication by them to 
the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority 
so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority 
and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by that stock exchange. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second day after the 
day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the 
case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the 
case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are 
represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, 
in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or DTC, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
13.2 
VP Notes 
This Condition 13.2 only applies to VP Notes. 
All notices regarding the VP Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in accordance with the 
procedures of VP. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any 
stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the VP Notes are for the time being listed or by which 
they have been admitted to trading. 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given to the holders of the VP Notes on the date it is published 
in accordance with the procedures of VP. 
Notices to be given by any holder of VP Notes may be given by such holder through VP in such manner as 
the VP Agent and/or VP may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or 
by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons (where 
applicable) or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of 
which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or (where applicable) the Coupons 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing 
or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the 
currency of payment of the Notes or (where applicable) the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than

--- Page 79 ---
78 
 
one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides 
that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement 
by a majority consisting of not less than three quarter of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three quarter in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant 
clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than three quarter in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, 
be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the 
Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting, and 
whether or not they voted on the resolution, and (where applicable) on all Couponholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer and (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent may agree, without 
the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required 
as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement (each as applicable) 
which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement (each as applicable) which 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply 
with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
Notes, Coupons (where applicable) or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement may only be modified 
(pursuant to any part of Condition 14) if (in each case to the extent then required by the Relevant Rules) the 
Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, or the Relevant Regulator has granted permission for, or, as 
the case may be, not objected to, such modification. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects 
save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any 
term or condition of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, 
the Deed Poll, the Notes and the Coupons shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law save for the provisions of Condition 3(a), Condition 3(b), Condition 3(c), Condition 3(d), 
Condition 6(b)(ii), Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d), Condition 9 and the registration of VP Notes in VP which 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Kingdom of Denmark. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the courts of 
England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes 
and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together 
referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including any 
Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or 
the Coupons) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of the 
venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought 
in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such Proceedings 
brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of 
any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 80 ---
79 
 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other 
court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the 
taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Kromann Reumert at its registered office at 65 St Pauls Churchyard, London EC4M 
8AB as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of it ceasing so to act or ceasing to 
have a registered office in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other 
manner permitted by law. 
(d) 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed Poll submitted to the 
jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar 
to those set out above. 
(e) 
Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers  
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, arrangements 
or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 17(e), 
includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder 
acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of any 
Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in accordance with Article 
48 of the BRRD and, in the case of Subordinated Notes only, Article 59 of the BRRD) by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the 
following, or a combination thereof: 
(a) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(b) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into 
Ordinary Shares, other Securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another Person, and 
the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such Ordinary Shares, Securities or 
obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms 
of the Notes; 
(c) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and 
(d) 
the amendment of the Maturity Date, the amendment of the amount of interest payable on 
the Notes (if any), or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
to give effect to the exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
Upon the Issuer being informed and notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise of 
any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders without delay in accordance with Condition 13. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice 
shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers nor the effects 
on the Notes described in this Condition 17(e). 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes, or the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another Person, as a result 
of the exercise of the Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with 
respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of the Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, will be an Enforcement Event or a default in payment for 
any purpose.

--- Page 81 ---
80 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE VPS NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note 
or document of title other than a statement of account made by Euronext VPS. Ownership of VPS Notes will be 
recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register maintained by Euronext VPS. 
Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will 
specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant VPS Notes. 
Each VPS Note will be one of a Series (as defined below) of notes issued by Sydbank A/S (the Issuer) pursuant to 
an agreement dated 18th June, 2021 (such agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the VPS Agency Agreement) between the Issuer and Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge (the VPS Agent). 
References herein to the VPS Notes shall be references to the VPS Notes of this Series and shall mean notes cleared 
through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, the Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS Notes and Euronext VPS, 
respectively). 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created and held in uncertificated book entry form in accounts with Euronext 
VPS. The VPS Agent will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with Euronext VPS in respect of VPS 
Notes as detailed in the VPS Agency Agreement. The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from the register 
maintained by Euronext VPS for the purposes of performing its obligations under the VPS Notes and as permitted by 
applicable law. 
The final terms of each Tranche of VPS Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms which complete these Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes (the VPS Conditions). References to the 
applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof). 
As used herein, Tranche means VPS Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of VPS Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of VPS Notes 
which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement 
Dates and/or Issue Prices (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
References in these VPS Conditions to Calculation Agent shall be, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, the 
person appointed as calculation agent in relation to the VPS Notes by the Issuer and shall include any successor 
calculation agent appointed in respect of the VPS Notes. 
Copies of the VPS Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the VPS Agent. If the relevant Series of VPS Notes is to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin. If the relevant Series of VPS Notes is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required 
to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a holder of 
one or more unlisted VPS Notes of that Series and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and 
the VPS Agent as to its holding of such VPS Notes and identity. The holders of VPS Notes are deemed to have notice 
of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. 
Words and expressions defined in the VPS Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these VPS Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the VPS Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
Any reference to VPS Noteholders or holders in relation to any VPS Notes shall mean the persons evidenced as the 
owners of such VPS Notes by book entries in the records of Euronext VPS. 
In these VPS Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The VPS Notes are in uncertificated book entry form in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms and will be 
registered with a separate securities identification code in Euronext VPS. 
VPS Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for other notes issued by the Issuer, 
whether in Euronext VPS or otherwise, of another Specified Denomination. VPS Notes may not be 
exchanged for non-VPS Notes issued by the Issuer, and vice versa. 
A VPS Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 82 ---
81 
 
A VPS Note may also be a Preferred Senior Note, a Non-Preferred Senior Note or a Subordinated Note, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of Euronext 
VPS. The Issuer may rely on a certificate of Euronext VPS or one issued on behalf of Euronext VPS by an 
account-carrying institution as to a particular person being a VPS Noteholder. 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in Euronext VPS between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with applicable law and the rules and procedures of Euronext 
VPS that are in force from time to time. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer 
as the holder of the relevant VPS Note. 
Each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euronext VPS as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such VPS Notes shall be treated by the Issuer and the VPS Agent, as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such VPS Notes for all purposes and the expressions VPS Noteholder and holder of 
VPS Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF VPS NOTES 
(a) 
Transfers of Interests in VPS Notes 
VPS Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of 
Euronext VPS. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo Business Days 
after the date of the relevant transaction. VPS Notes may be transferred between accountholders at Euronext 
VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time being, of Euronext VPS. A transfer of 
VPS Notes which is held in Euronext VPS through Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) or Clearstream 
Banking SA (Clearstream, Luxembourg) is only possible by using an account operator linked to Euronext 
VPS. 
(b) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of VPS Notes under Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any VPS Note, or part of a VPS Note, called for partial redemption. 
(c) 
Costs of registration and administration of the VPS Register 
VPS Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration, transfer 
or administration in relation to the register maintained by Euronext VPS, except for any costs or expenses 
of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum 
sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE VPS NOTES AND SUBORDINATION 
(a) 
Status of the Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 3(a) only applies to Preferred Senior Notes. 
The Preferred Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, and rank and will at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu, without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
at least pari passu with all other outstanding senior, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer (save for obligations which may be preferred by law, including obligations benefitting 
from a preferred ranking to the Preferred Senior Notes), present and future, without any preference 
by reason of priority of date of creation, currency of payment or otherwise; and 
(iii) 
senior to any Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer as regards the right to receive periodic 
payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital 
on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Status of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 3(b) only applies to Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes, which on issue constitute Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer, 
constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and rank and will at all times rank:  
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;

--- Page 83 ---
82 
 
(ii) 
pari passu with any other obligations or instruments that rank or are expressed to rank equally with 
the Non-Preferred Senior Notes (including any other Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the 
Issuer), in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to holders of the Ordinary Shares and any other obligations or capital instruments of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, or any obligations 
pursuant to Section 98 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act, in each case as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment 
of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act and (c) any other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the 
Issuer, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer. 
(c) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3(c) only applies to Subordinated Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes (kapitalbeviser), which on issue constitute Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, constitute 
direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer, and rank and will at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
unless such pari passu ranking conflicts with paragraph (iii)(d) below and/or paragraph (iv)(d) 
below,  pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute Tier 
2 Capital and (b) any other obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to rank 
equally with the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments 
on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to (a) holders of the Ordinary Shares, (b) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer 
which constitute Tier 1 Capital, (c) unless such senior ranking conflicts with paragraph (iv)(d) 
below, any other obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank 
junior to the Subordinated Notes and (d) creditors of the Issuer that as a result of any Danish 
implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD rank or shall rank junior to the Subordinated Notes, 
in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer (including unsubordinated creditors pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act 
and unsubordinated creditors that are creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations),  (c) 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer other than the present or future claims of creditors that rank or 
are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Subordinated Notes and (d) creditors of the 
Issuer that as a result of any Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD rank or shall 
rank senior to the Subordinated Notes. 
(d) 
No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim 
No VPS Noteholder, who shall in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer be indebted to the 
Issuer, shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against moneys owed by the 
Issuer in respect of the VPS Notes held by such VPS Noteholder. 
(e) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these VPS Conditions: 
BRRD means the Directive (2014/59/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution and 
recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15th May, 2014 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 12th June, 2014, (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law 
transposing or implementing such Directive, including (without limitation) the Danish Act on Recovery and 
Resolution of certain Financial Businesses and the Danish Financial Business Act), as amended by the 
Directive (2019/879/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20th May, 2019 and as further 
amended or replaced from time to time;

--- Page 84 ---
83 
 
CRD/CRR means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD Directive, the CRR and any 
CRD/CRR Implementing Measures; 
CRD Directive means the Directive (2013/36/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26th June, 2013 and published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 27th June, 2013, as amended by the Directive (2019/878/EU) 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20th May, 2019 and as further amended or replaced from 
time to time; 
CRD/CRR Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable, and which prescribe (alone 
or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments 
for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the 
extent required by the CRD Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt and without 
limitation any regulatory technical standards guidelines, recommendations and/or opinions released from 
time to time by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof) or the Relevant 
Regulator, as the case may be; 
CRR means the Regulation (2013/575) of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26th June, 2013 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 27th June, 2013, as amended by the Regulation (2019/876/EU) of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20th May, 2019 and the Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 24th June, 2020, and as further amended or replaced from time 
to time; 
Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial Businesses means the Danish Act on 
Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial Businesses (Act No. 24 of 4th January, 2019, as amended); 
Danish Bankruptcy Act means the Danish Bankruptcy Act (Consolidated Act no. 775 of 3rd May, 2021, 
as amended); 
Danish Financial Business Act means the Danish Financial Business Act (Consolidated Act No. 1447 of 
11th September, 2020, as amended); 
Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, 
any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Denmark, relating to (i) the 
transposition of the BRRD (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing 
such Directive) as amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, 
cancelled, modified, or converted into Ordinary Shares, other Securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
any other Person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
Non-Preferred Senior Obligations means any unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities of the Issuer which 
rank below (i) any Preferred Senior Notes issued by the Issuer and (ii) any obligations of the Issuer that rank 
pari passu with any Preferred Senior Notes upon an insolvency of the Issuer in accordance with section 
13(3) of the Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial Businesses;  
Ordinary Shares means fully paid-up ordinary shares in the capital of the Issuer (and each an Ordinary 
Share); 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
Relevant Amounts means the outstanding principal amounts of the VPS Notes, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest and additional amounts (as described in Condition 7 (Taxation)) due on the VPS Notes. 
References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not 
been paid, prior to the exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority; 
Relevant Regulator means the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (DFSA) and any successor or 
replacement thereto, or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer and/or (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) the 
Relevant Resolution Authority (if applicable), in any case as determined by the Issuer; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Danish 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (or any other power under the BRRD) in relation to the Issuer;

--- Page 85 ---
84 
 
Relevant Rules means the regulatory capital rules from time to time as applied to the Issuer by the Relevant 
Regulator and as amended from time to time (including, without limitation, CRD/CRR and/or the BRRD, as 
applicable); 
Securities means any securities including, without limitation, shares in the capital of the Issuer (and each a 
Security); 
Subsidiary has the meaning given to that term in Sections 6 and 7 of the Danish Companies Act; 
Tier 1 Capital means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 1 under the Relevant Rules by the 
Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer; and 
Tier 2 Capital means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 2 under the Relevant Rules by the 
Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer. 
4. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per 
annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in 
each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these VPS Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the VPS Notes, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention. 
In these VPS Conditions: 
 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with this 
Condition 4(a) or Condition 4(b), as applicable: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number 
of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period, 
during which the Accrual Periods ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360.

--- Page 86 ---
85 
 
In these VPS Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the 
next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, 
and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rate of Interest 
Each Fixed Reset Note bears interest: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Interest Rate; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if 
none, the Maturity Date (the First Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the First 
Reset Rate; and 
(C) 
if applicable, from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the first 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any), and each successive period from (and including) any 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (if 
any) (each a Subsequent Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate, 
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
(each a Rate of Interest) payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year up to and including the Maturity Date. 
The provisions of this Condition 4(b) shall apply, as applicable, in respect of any determination by 
the Calculation Agent of the Rate of Interest for a Reset Period in accordance with this Condition 
4(b) as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Floating Rate Notes. The Rate of Interest for each Reset 
Period shall otherwise be determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(b). Once the Rate of Interest is 
determined for a Reset Period, the provisions of Condition 4(a) shall apply to Fixed Reset Notes, 
as applicable, as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Fixed Rate Notes. 
If Reset Reference Conversion is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the 
First Reset Rate and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate will be converted from the Original 
Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis to a basis which matches the per annum frequency of Interest 
Payment Dates in respect of the VPS Notes (such calculation to be determined by the Issuer in 
conjunction with a leading financial institution selected by it). 
In this Condition 4(b): 
First Reset Period Fallback Yield means the yield specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
First Reset Rate means the sum of the Reset Margin and the applicable Reset Reference Rate for 
the First Reset Period as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Mid-Market Swap Rate means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis (calculated 
on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on 
the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market 
and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Maturity (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in 
the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means EURIBOR (if the Specified Currency is euro), 
daily compounded Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (if the Specified Currency is U.S. 
dollars), daily compounded Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) (if the Specified Currency 
is Pounds Sterling), NIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Norwegian Kroner), CIBOR (if the 
Specified Currency is Danish Kroner), STIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Swedish Kronor) or

--- Page 87 ---
86 
 
(in the case of any other Specified Currency) the benchmark rate most closely connected with such 
Specified Currency and selected by the Calculation Agent after consultation with the Issuer; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on that Reset 
Date, either: 
(a) 
if Single Mid Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate 
quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. If, on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen 
Page is not available or any such rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on such Reset Determination Date, the Mid-Swap Rate for the Reset Date will be the Reset 
Reference Bank (Mid-Swap) Rate for the relevant Reset Period; 
Reference Banks means:  
(a) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of five major 
banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate; or 
(b) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of five major 
banks which are primary government securities dealers or market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues denominated in the Specified Currency, 
in each case as selected by the Issuer in its discretion after consultation with the Calculation Agent; 
Reference Bond means, in relation to any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued 
by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, 
shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a 
comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
Relevant Screen Page means the display page on the relevant service as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on such other 
equivalent information service as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date, as 
applicable; 
Reset Determination Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate;  
Reset Period Reference Bond Quotations means, in relation to a Reference Bank and a Reset 
Determination Date, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and 
offered yields for the relevant Reference Bond provided to the Calculation Agent by such Reference 
Bank at approximately the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date;

--- Page 88 ---
87 
 
Reset Reference Bank (Mid-Swap) Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period 
commencing on that Reset Date, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) determined 
on the basis of the Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations provided by the Reference Banks at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date. The Calculation Agent 
will request the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date. If at 
least three such quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank (Mid-Swap) Rate for the 
relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations 
provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the 
lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two such quotations are 
provided, the Reset Reference Bank (Mid-Swap) Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided. If only one such 
quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Bank (Mid-Swap) Rate for the relevant Reset Period 
will be the relevant quotation provided. If no such quotations are provided, the Reset Reference 
Bank (Mid-Swap) Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be (a) in the case of a Reset Determination 
Date other than the first Reset Determination Date, the Mid-Swap Rate determined on the last 
preceding Reset Determination Date or (b) in the case of the first Reset Determination Date:  
(a) 
if Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Initial Mid-Swap Rate; or 
(b) 
if Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate; or 
(c) 
if Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, the last observable rate for swaps in the Specified Currency 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
Reset Reference Bank (Reference Bond) Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset 
Period commencing on that Reset Date, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) 
determined on the basis of the Reset Period Reference Bond Quotations provided by the Reference 
Banks at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date. The 
Calculation Agent will request the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its Reset Period 
Reference Bond Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date. If at least three such quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank 
(Reference Bond) Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If only two such quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank (Reference Bond) Rate for the 
relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the quotations provided. 
If fewer than two such quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank (Reference Bond) Rate 
for the relevant Reset Period will be (a) in the case of a Reset Determination Date other than the 
first Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank (Reference Bond) Rate determined on 
the last preceding Reset Determination Date or (b) in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, 
the First Reset Period Fallback Yield, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Reset Reference Rate means either: 
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Mid-Swap Rate; 
or 
(ii) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if a Relevant Screen Page is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic 
mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and 
offered yields of the relevant Reference Bond, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on such 
Reset Determination Date; or 
(B) 
if (I) a Relevant Screen Page is so specified and such rate does not appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date, 
or (II) a Relevant Screen Page is not so specified, the Reset Reference Bank 
(Reference Bond) Rate on such Reset Determination Date; and

--- Page 89 ---
88 
 
Subsequent Reset Rate means the sum of the Reset Margin and the applicable Reset Reference 
Rate for the relevant Subsequent Reset Period as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(ii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Reset Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and the amount of interest (the Reset 
Interest Amount) payable for each Interest Period falling in a Reset Period to be notified to the 
Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Fixed Reset Notes are for the time being listed 
and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 10 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. For the purposes 
of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(iii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(b) by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the VPS Agent and all VPS Noteholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad 
faith) no liability to the Issuer or the VPS Noteholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to 
such provisions. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no express Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the 
Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these VPS Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant 
payment date if the VPS Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4(c)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period 
after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these VPS Conditions, Business Day means:

--- Page 90 ---
89 
 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and any Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(B) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(C) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA Rate for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Associations, Inc. and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes, published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the ISDA Definitions) and under 
which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either  
EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR or CIBOR as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) as at the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, 
if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations.

--- Page 91 ---
90 
 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)(1), 
no offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)(2), fewer than three 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the 
Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated 
to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more 
of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Copenhagen inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is CIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it 
is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the 
Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Copenhagen inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of these VPS Conditions: 
Interest Determination Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if none is so specified:  
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is Euro LIBOR or the Euro-zone interbank offered rate 
(EURIBOR), the second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period;  
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), the 
second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; or 
(iii) 
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR), the 
second Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; or 
(iv) 
if the Reference Rate is the Copenhagen interbank offered rate (CIBOR), the first 
day of each Interest Period or the second Copenhagen business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period; 
Reference Banks shall mean, in the case of Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)(1) above, those banks 
whose offered rates were used to determine such quotation when such quotation last

--- Page 92 ---
91 
 
appeared on the Relevant Screen Page and, in the case of Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)(2) above, 
those banks whose offered quotations last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when no 
fewer than three such offered quotations appeared;  
Reference Rate shall mean (i) EURIBOR, (ii) NIBOR, (iii) STIBOR or (iv) CIBOR, in 
each case for the relevant period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Specified Time shall mean (i) 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), in the case of a determination 
of EURIBOR, (ii) 12.00 noon (Oslo time), in the case of a determination of NIBOR, (iii) 
11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time), in the case of a determination of STIBOR, or (iv) 11.00 a.m. 
(Copenhagen time), in the case of a determination of CIBOR. 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of such VPS Notes 
and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest 
Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls: 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 93 ---
92 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls: 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls: 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the

--- Page 94 ---
93 
 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, 
next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner deems appropriate, which 
may include consultation with an independent adviser, for such purposes. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 10 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the VPS Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 10. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business 
Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(c) by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the VPS Agent and all VPS Noteholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad 
faith) no liability to the Issuer or the VPS Noteholders shall attach to the VPS Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(d) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If: 
(i) 
the VPS Notes are Fixed Reset Notes; or 
(ii) 
the VPS Notes are Floating Rate Notes and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
then the provisions of this Condition 4(d) shall apply. 
If, notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4(c)(ii)(B) (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) or Condition 
4(b) (in the case of Fixed Reset Notes), the Calculation Agent determines (in consultation with the Issuer) 
that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(iii) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if such Independent Adviser fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (in any such case, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) no later than the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, for the 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to 
the VPS Notes for the next relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) and for all other 
future relevant Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 4(d) during any other future Interest Period(s) or Reset Period(s) (as applicable));

--- Page 95 ---
94 
 
(iv) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by 
the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread prior to the relevant IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Issuer fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an Alternative Reference 
Rate, 
and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread no later than the relevant Issuer Determination 
Cut-off Date, for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) applicable to the VPS Notes for the next relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) and for all other future relevant Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject 
to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4(d) during any other future Interest Period(s) or Reset 
Period(s) (as applicable)). Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of 
determining any Successor Reference Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or the applicable 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents 
as well as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of 
market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(v) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in accordance with 
this Condition 4(d): 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the 
Original Reference Rate for all future relevant Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 4(d)); 
(B) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) shall determine an 
Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum or a formula or 
methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and for the avoidance of 
doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate; and 
(C) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion specify: 
(x) 
changes to these VPS Conditions in order to follow market practice in relation to 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and/or, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, including, but not 
limited to (1) the Additional Business Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Reset 
Determination Date, Reference Banks and/or Relevant Screen Page applicable to 
the VPS Notes and (2) the method for determining the fallback to the Rate of 
Interest (or relevant component part thereof) in relation to the VPS Notes if such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or, 
in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is not available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to ensure the proper operation 
and comparability to the relevant Original Reference Rate of such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
which changes shall apply to the VPS Notes for all future relevant Interest Periods or Reset 
Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4(d)); and 
(d) 
promptly following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and (ii) the applicable Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall 
give notice thereof and of any changes (and the effective date thereof) pursuant to 
Condition 4(d)(iii)(C) to the Calculation Agent and the VPS Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 10.

--- Page 96 ---
95 
 
No consent of the VPS Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) as described in this 
Condition 4(d) or such other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 4(d)(iii)(C), including for the 
execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the 
Agency Agreement (if required). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread is not determined pursuant to this 
Condition 4(d) prior to the relevant Issuer Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest (or 
component part thereof) for the next relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall 
be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 4(c)(ii)(B) (in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes) or Condition 4(b) (in the case of Fixed Reset Notes); provided that this 
paragraph shall apply to the determination of the relevant Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period 
or Reset Period (as applicable), and the Rate of Interest (or component part thereof) applicable to 
any subsequent Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) is subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 4(d). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(d): 
(i) 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be 
adopted, no Adjustment Spread will be applied and no other amendments to the terms of 
the VPS Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4(d), if and to the extent that, in 
the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of the VPS Notes as: 
(A) 
in the case of Preferred Senior Notes (if applicable) or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, MREL/TLAC Eligible Liabilities (as defined below); or 
(B) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Preferred Senior Notes (if applicable) or Non-Preferred Senior Notes only, 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the VPS Notes will be made pursuant 
to this Condition 4(d), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest 
Payment Date or Reset Date, as applicable, as the effective maturity of the VPS Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
In these VPS Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such formal recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate), 
(ii) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is customarily applied to 
the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in international 
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate; or (if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that 
no such spread is customarily applied), or 
(iii) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or (if the relevant Independent 
Adviser determines no such spread is recognised or acknowledged). 
Alternative Reference Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the relevant Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) in respect of debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency 
and:

--- Page 97 ---
96 
 
(i) 
in the case of VPS Notes which are Floating Rate Notes, with an interest period of comparable 
duration to the relevant Interest Period(s); or 
(ii) 
in the case of VPS Notes which are Fixed Reset Notes, with a tenor or reset period of comparable 
duration to the relevant Reset Period(s), 
or, in any case, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no 
such rate, such other rather as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its 
discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five consecutive 
Business Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(ii) 
the later of (A) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
on or by a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (ii)(A); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference 
Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or by a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (iv)(A); or 
(v) 
the later of (A) a public statement by the supervisor or the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or by a specified date and (B) 
the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (v)(A); or 
(vi) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that such 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer be used; or 
(vii) 
it has or will, prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as 
applicable) become unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made 
to the VPS Noteholders using the Original Reference Rate. 
IA Determination Cut-off Date means: 
(i) 
if the VPS Notes are Fixed Reset Notes, in any Reset Period, the date that is five Business Days 
prior to the Reset Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Reset Period; or  
(ii) 
if the VPS Notes are Floating Rate Notes, in any Interest Period, the date that is five Business Days 
prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the immediately following Interest Period. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case appointed 
by the Issuer at its own expense. 
Issuer Determination Cut-off Date means: 
(i) 
if the VPS Notes are Fixed Reset Notes, in any Reset Period, the date that is three Business Days 
prior to the Reset Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Reset Period; or  
(ii) 
if the VPS Notes are Floating Rate Notes, in any Interest Period, the date that is three Business 
Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the immediately following Interest Period. 
Original Reference Rate means: 
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purposes of determining 
the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) in respect of any Interest 
Period(s) or Reset Period(s); or 
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been determined in relation 
to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 4(d). 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate; or

--- Page 98 ---
97 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended 
by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(e) 
Accrual of interest 
Each VPS Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a VPS Note, that part only of such VPS 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier 
of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such VPS Notes have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such VPS 
Notes has been received by the VPS Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 10. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by transfer (including by electronic 
means) to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by transfer (including by electronic means) to a euro account (or 
any other account to which euro may be transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the 
place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer and the VPS Agent are subject, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant 
to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
Payments in respect of VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes and notification thereof to VPS Noteholders will 
be made to the VPS Noteholders shown in the records of Euronext VPS and will be effected through and in 
accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to time governing Euronext VPS. The 
VPS Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any VPS Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the VPS Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or 
other agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a VPS Agent authorised to act as an 
account operating institution with Euronext VPS, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the VPS 
Conditions so require, and (iii) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which 
the VPS Notes may be listed in each case. 
Notice of any such change or of any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 10. 
(c) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any VPS Note is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day 
means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is:

--- Page 99 ---
98 
 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each 
Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, 
a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(iii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(d) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these VPS Conditions to principal in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount (Tax Gross-up) of the VPS Notes; 
(iv) 
the Early Redemption Amount (Loss of Tax Deductibility) of the VPS Notes; 
(v) 
the Early Redemption Amount (MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event) of the VPS Notes; 
(vi) 
the Early Redemption Amount (Capital Event) of the VPS Notes; 
(vii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the VPS Notes; and 
(viii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under 
or in respect of the VPS Notes. 
Any reference in these VPS Conditions to interest in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each VPS Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 6(l) (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes) or Condition 
6(m) (in the case of Subordinated Notes), any Series of VPS Notes may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if such VPS Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if such VPS Notes are Floating Rate Notes), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days’ notice to the VPS Agent and, in accordance with Condition 10, the VPS Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction), if: 
(i) 
(a) on the occasion of the next payment due under the VPS Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay Additional Amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 
7) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue 
the last Tranche of the relevant Series and (b) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it (such event described in this sub-paragraph (i) a Tax Event 
(Gross-up)); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only, the Issuer will no longer be able to obtain a tax deduction 
for the purposes of Danish tax for any payment of interest under the relevant Subordinated Notes 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as 
defined in Condition 7) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement 
is reached to issue the last Tranche of the relevant Series (such event described in this sub-paragraph 
(ii) a Tax Event (Deductibility)),

--- Page 100 ---
99 
 
provided that, in the case of a Tax Event (Gross-up), no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 
90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay the relevant Additional 
Amounts were a payment in respect of the VPS Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
VPS Agent to make available at its specified office to the VPS Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) 
an opinion of independent legal or tax advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts or make a payment in respect of which it would be obliged 
to account to any taxing authority, as applicable, as a result of such change or amendment. 
VPS Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at (A) in the case of a Tax Event 
(Gross-up), (in the case of VPS Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes) the Early Redemption Amount (Tax 
Gross-up) specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) an early redemption 
amount determined pursuant to paragraph (f) above or (B) in the case of a Tax Event (Deductibility), the 
Early Redemption Amount (Loss of Tax Deductibility) specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
If the MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Redemption Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, subject to Condition 6(l), any Series of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if such VPS Notes 
are not Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (if such VPS Notes are Floating Rate Notes), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the VPS Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
10, the VPS Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early 
Redemption Restriction), upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event (as defined in 
Condition 6(n)). Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 
6(c) will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount (MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
VPS Agent to make available at its specified office to the VPS Noteholders a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. 
(d) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event 
Subject to Condition 6(m), any Series of Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (if such VPS Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if such VPS Notes are Floating Rate Notes), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice 
to the VPS Agent and, in accordance with Condition 10, the VPS Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction), upon the occurrence of a 
Capital Event (as defined in Condition 6(n)). Subordinated Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(d) 
will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount (Capital Event) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
VPS Agent to make available at its specified office to the VPS Noteholders a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 6(l) (in the 
case of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes) or Condition 6(m) (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes), the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
10; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to (the VPS Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction, 
and shall specify the date(s) fixed for redemption), redeem all or (if redemption in part is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) some only of the VPS Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 101 ---
100 
 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. If 
redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any such redemption must 
be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial 
redemption of VPS Notes, the VPS Notes to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euronext VPS not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  
(f) 
Early Redemption Amount of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the early redemption amount payable upon the 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount (the Early 
Redemption Amount) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)x where: 
RP means the Reference Price; and 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
x is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in which 
case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting 
of 12 months of 30 days each)) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such VPS Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such VPS Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such VPS Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
(g) 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 6(l) (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes) or Condition 
6(m) (in the case of Subordinated Notes), the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may purchase VPS Notes 
at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such VPS Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option 
of the Issuer, cancelled by deletion from the records of Euronext VPS. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All VPS Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All VPS Notes so cancelled and any VPS 
Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (g) above shall be deleted from the records of Euronext 
VPS, and cannot in either case be reissued or resold. 
(i) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (f) above as though the references therein to 
the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable 
were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the VPS Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 10. 
(j) 
Substitution and variation of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
In the case of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if the MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event Substitution/Variation Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, subject 
to Condition 6(l) and having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the VPS Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 10, the VPS Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), (i) if a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing or (ii) in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14(d), the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the 
VPS Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the VPS Notes, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the VPS Noteholders, so that they become or remain (x) in the case of Preferred 
Senior Notes, Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes (as defined below) or (y) in the case of Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes (as defined below).

--- Page 102 ---
101 
 
If applicable, if after a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to Condition 6(b), Condition 6(c) or 
Condition 6(e) (as applicable), the Relevant Regulator withdraws its permission to the relevant redemption 
before the relevant redemption date, such notice of redemption shall automatically be revoked and the 
relevant redemption shall not be made until a new redemption notice is given and all conditions for 
redemption as described in this Condition 6(l) have been fulfilled. In respect of any Preferred Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the redemption restriction described in this paragraph is referred to as the 
Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or variation shall 
take effect and where the VPS Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions of 
the Qualifying Subordinated Senior Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any cost 
or charge to the VPS Noteholders. 
(k) 
Substitution and variation of Subordinated Notes 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, if the Tier 2 Substitution/Variation Option is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable, subject to Condition 6(m) and having given no less than 30 nor more than 
60 days’ notice to the VPS Agent and, in accordance with Condition 10, the VPS Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), (i) if a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing or (ii) in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14(d), the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the 
VPS Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the VPS Notes, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the VPS Noteholders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated Notes 
(as defined below). 
If applicable, if after a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to Condition 6(b), Condition 6(d) or 
Condition 6(e) (as applicable), the Relevant Regulator withdraws its permission to the relevant redemption 
before the relevant redemption date, such notice of redemption shall automatically be revoked and the 
relevant redemption shall not be made until a new redemption notice is given and all conditions for 
redemption as described in this Condition 6(l) have been fulfilled. In respect of any Subordinated Notes, the 
redemption restriction described in this paragraph is referred to as the Permission Withdrawal Early 
Redemption Restriction. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or variation shall 
take effect and where the VPS Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions of 
the Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as the case may be. Such 
substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or charge to the VPS Noteholders. 
(l) 
Conditions to redemption, purchase, substitution or variation of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date 
Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, substituted or 
varied pursuant to Condition 6 if: 
(i) 
in the case of any substitution or variation, the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, and 
the Relevant Regulator has not objected to, such substitution or variation (as applicable) in 
accordance with the CRD/CRR Requirements; and 
(ii) 
in the case of any redemption or purchase, the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, and 
the Relevant Regulator has granted permission for, such redemption or purchase (as applicable) 
and, if so given by the Relevant Regulator, such permission has not been withdrawn by the Relevant 
Regulator prior to the date fixed for redemption or purchase (as applicable). 
Any refusal by the Relevant Regulator to grant its permission or, as the case may be, not object to any such 
redemption, purchase, substitution or variation (as applicable) pursuant to this Condition 6(l) (or, as the case 
may be, any withdrawal by the Relevant Regulator of any such permission) will not constitute an event of 
default under the VPS Notes. 
(m) 
Conditions to redemption, purchase, substitution or variation of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date 
Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, substituted or varied pursuant to Condition 6 if (and, 
in each case, to the extent then required by the Relevant Rules): 
(i) 
in the case of any substitution or variation, the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, and 
the Relevant Regulator has not objected to, such substitution or variation (as applicable) in 
accordance with the CRD/CRR Requirements; 
(ii) 
in the case of any redemption or purchase, the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, and 
the Relevant Regulator has granted permission for, such redemption or purchase (as applicable) 
and, if so given by the Relevant Regulator, such permission has not been withdrawn by the Relevant 
Regulator prior to the date fixed for redemption or purchase (as applicable);

--- Page 103 ---
102 
 
(iii) 
in the case of a redemption as a result of a Tax Event (Gross-up) or a Tax Event (Deductibility), the 
Issuer has satisfied the Relevant Regulator that such change in tax treatment of the VPS Notes is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable on the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the relevant 
Series; and 
(iv) 
in the case of a redemption as a result of a Capital Event, (a) the Issuer has satisfied the Relevant 
Regulator that the regulatory reclassification was not reasonably foreseeable on the Issue Date of 
the last Tranche of the relevant Series and (b) the Relevant Regulator considers such a change to 
be sufficiently certain. 
Any refusal by the Relevant Regulator to grant its permission or, as the case may be, not object to any such 
redemption, purchase, substitution or variation (as applicable) pursuant to this Condition 6(m) (or, as the 
case may be, any withdrawal by the Relevant Regulator of any such permission) will not constitute an event 
of default under the Subordinated Notes. 
(n) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in the Kingdom of Denmark giving effect to any MREL/TLAC Requirement or 
any successor regulations then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, CRD/CRR, the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies giving effect to any MREL/TLAC Requirement or any successor regulations then in effect (whether 
or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group); 
Capital Event means, in respect of a Series of Subordinated Notes, at any time, on or after the Issue Date 
of the last Tranche of such Series, there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
that results or will result in: 
(i) 
their exclusion in whole (but not in part) from the regulatory capital of the Issuer and/or the Group; 
or 
(ii) 
reclassification in whole (but not in part) as a lower quality form of regulatory capital of the Issuer 
and/or the Group; 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event means, in respect of a Series of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of: 
(i) 
the implementation of any Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations on or after the date of issue of the 
last Tranche of such Series; or 
(ii) 
a change in any Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations becoming effective on or after the date of 
issue of the last Tranche of such Series,  
all or part of the outstanding principal amounts of such Series will be excluded from MREL/TLAC Eligible 
Liabilities if the Issuer and/or the Group is/are then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such 
MREL/TLAC Requirement, provided that a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event shall not occur where such 
exclusion is or will be caused by (1) the remaining maturity of such VPS Notes being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, or (2) any 
applicable limits on the amount of MREL/TLAC Eligible Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet any 
MREL/TLAC Requirement(s) being exceeded;  
MREL/TLAC Eligible Liabilities means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which 
are available to meet any MREL/TLAC Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable 
MREL/TLAC Regulations) of the Issuer and/or the Group under Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations; 
MREL/TLAC Requirement means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or 
the total loss-absorbing capacity requirement, in each case which is or, as the case may be, will be, applicable 
to the Issuer and/or the Group;  
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes means, in respect of a Series of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, at 
any time, any securities (other than such VPS Notes) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for “eligible liabilities” (or any 
equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations in relation 
to the relevant MREL/TLAC Requirement(s) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may result in the 
relevant securities not including, or restricting for a period of time the application of, one or more 
of the early redemption rights which are included in the relevant VPS Notes);

--- Page 104 ---
103 
 
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant VPS Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 6(j);  
(iii) 
have the same Specified Denomination(s) and outstanding principal amounts as the relevant VPS 
Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j);  
(iv) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant VPS Notes prior 
to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j);  
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant VPS Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 6(j);  
(vi) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j) be 
subject to a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event and/or a Tax Event (Gross-up);  
(vii) 
are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the VPS 
Notes immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j) unless, 
in respect of each such solicited credit rating, any downgrade of such solicited credit rating 
compared to the equivalent solicited credit rating that was assigned to the VPS Notes immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j) is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14(d); 
(viii) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14(d), have terms not 
materially less favourable to the VPS Noteholders than the terms of the relevant VPS Notes, as 
determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, and provided that the Issuer shall have 
delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to the VPS Agent not less than 5 
Business Days prior to (a) in the case of a substitution of the relevant VPS Notes pursuant to 
Condition 6(j), the issue date of the relevant securities or (b) in the case of a variation of the relevant 
VPS Notes pursuant to Condition 6(j), the date such variation becomes effective; and 
(ix) 
if (A) the relevant VPS Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (a Regulated Market) immediately prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or (B) the relevant 
VPS Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated 
Market immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading 
on any recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated Market), in either 
case as selected by the Issuer;  
Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes means, in respect of a Series of Preferred Senior Notes, at any time, 
any securities (other than such VPS Notes) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for “eligible liabilities” (or any 
equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations in relation 
to the relevant MREL/TLAC Requirement(s) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may result in the 
relevant securities not including, or restricting for a period of time the application of, one or more 
of the early redemption rights which are included in the relevant VPS Notes);  
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant VPS Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 6(j);  
(iii) 
have the same Specified Denomination(s) and outstanding principal amounts as the relevant VPS 
Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j);  
(iv) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant VPS Notes prior 
to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j);  
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant VPS Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 6(j);  
(vi) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j) be 
subject to a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event and/or a Tax Event (Gross-up);  
(vii) 
are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the VPS 
Notes immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j) unless, 
in respect of each such solicited credit rating, any downgrade of such solicited credit rating 
compared to the equivalent solicited credit rating that was assigned to the VPS Notes immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(j) is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14(d); 
(viii) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14(d), have terms not 
materially less favourable to the VPS Noteholders than the terms of the relevant VPS Notes, as

--- Page 105 ---
104 
 
determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, and provided that the Issuer shall have 
delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to the VPS Agent not less than 5 
Business Days prior to (a) in the case of a substitution of the relevant VPS Notes pursuant to 
Condition 6(j), the issue date of the relevant securities or (b) in the case of a variation of the relevant 
VPS Notes pursuant to Condition 6(j), the date such variation becomes effective; and 
(ix) 
if (A) the relevant VPS Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
or (B) the relevant VPS Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange 
other than a Regulated Market immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed 
or admitted to trading on any recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated 
Market), in either case as selected by the Issuer; and 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes means, in respect of a Series of Subordinated Notes, at any time, any 
securities (other than such VPS Notes) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements of the Relevant Regulator in 
relation to Tier 2 Capital;  
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant VPS Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 6(k);  
(iii) 
have the same Specified Denomination(s) and outstanding principal amounts as the relevant VPS 
Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(k);  
(iv) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant VPS Notes prior 
to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(k);  
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant VPS Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 6(k);  
(vi) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(k) 
be subject to a Capital Event and/or a Tax Event (Gross-up);  
(vii) 
are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the VPS 
Notes immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(k) unless, 
in respect of each such solicited credit rating, any downgrade of such solicited credit rating 
compared to the equivalent solicited credit rating that was assigned to the VPS Notes immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(k) is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14(d); 
(viii) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14(d), have terms not 
materially less favourable to the VPS Noteholders than the terms of the relevant VPS Notes, as 
determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, and provided that the Issuer shall have 
delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to the VPS Agent not less than 5 
Business Days prior to (a) in the case of a substitution of the relevant VPS Notes pursuant to 
Condition 6(k), the issue date of the relevant securities or (b) in the case of a variation of the relevant 
VPS Notes pursuant to Condition 6(k), the date such variation becomes effective; and 
(ix) 
if (A) the relevant VPS Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (a Regulated Market) immediately prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or (B) the relevant 
VPS Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated 
Market immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading 
on any recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated Market), in either 
case as selected by the Issuer. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the VPS Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. In such event, in the case of a payment of interest only, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts (Additional Amounts) as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders 
of the VPS Notes after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of interest which 
would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the VPS Notes in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any VPS Note the holder 
of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such VPS Note by reason of his having some 
connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such VPS Note.

--- Page 106 ---
105 
 
As used herein, Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Denmark or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The VPS Notes will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a 
period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date 
therefor. 
As used herein, the Relevant Date means the date on which a payment in respect of the VPS Notes first 
becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the VPS 
Agent, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that 
effect is duly given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 10. 
9. 
ENFORCEMENT EVENTS 
(a) 
Any one or more of the following events shall constitute an Enforcement Event: 
(i) 
there is a failure to make payment of any principal or any interest in respect of the VPS Notes within 
three Banking Days of the relevant due date; or 
(ii) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. 
(b) 
(i) 
If an Enforcement Event shall have occurred and be continuing, any VPS Noteholder may, at its 
discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think 
fit to enforce its rights provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any such 
proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been 
payable, except as set forth in (ii) below. 
(ii) 
If an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the bankruptcy or liquidation of the 
Issuer, then all the VPS Notes shall become immediately due and payable at the request of any VPS 
Noteholder at their then outstanding principal amount together with interest accrued to such date. 
If any VPS Note shall become so repayable, it shall be repaid at its Final Redemption Amount, 
together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of payment thereof. 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition, Banking Day means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Copenhagen; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (B) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
10. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the VPS Noteholders shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to Euronext VPS for 
communication by it to the VPS Noteholders and, so long as the VPS Notes are listed on a stock exchange, 
the Issuer shall ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of such 
exchange. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date two days after delivery to 
Euronext VPS. 
11. 
MEETINGS OF VPS NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
(a) 
Decisions by VPS Noteholders  
(i) 
Powers of VPS Noteholders’ Meeting and Written Procedure: 
(A) 
A meeting of the VPS Noteholders held in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 11 (a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting) or a written procedure pursuant to Condition 
11(c) below (a Written Procedure) shall, subject to Condition 6(l) or Condition 6(m) (as 
applicable), have power to: 
(1) 
sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer 
and the VPS Noteholders or any of them; 
(2) 
sanction any abrogation, modification, compromise or arrangement in respect of 
the rights of the VPS Noteholders against the Issuer or against any of its property 
whether such rights shall arise under this Agreement, the VPS Notes or otherwise;

--- Page 107 ---
106 
 
(3) 
assent to any modification of the provisions contained in these VPS Conditions 
or the VPS Notes which shall be proposed by the Issuer; 
(4) 
give any authority or sanction which under the provisions of the VPS Notes 
requires a resolution from the VPS Noteholders; 
(5) 
appoint any persons (whether VPS Noteholders or not) as a committee or 
committees to represent the interests of the VPS Noteholders and to confer upon 
any committee or committees any powers or discretions which the VPS 
Noteholders could themselves exercise pursuant to this Condition 11; 
(6) 
authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give 
effect to a resolution taken at a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written 
Procedure; 
(7) 
appoint and elect a representative on behalf of the VPS Noteholders; 
(8) 
sanction any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the VPS Notes for, 
or the conversion of the VPS Notes into, or the cancellation of the VPS Notes in 
consideration of, shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or 
other obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or any other company formed or 
to be formed, or for or into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or into or in 
consideration of shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or 
other obligations and/or securities as stated above and partly for or into or in 
consideration of cash; and 
(9) 
approve the substitution of any entity in place of the Issuer (or any previous 
substitute) as the principal debtor in respect of the VPS Notes. 
(B) 
Decisions to be taken by the VPS Noteholders may be dealt with, at the option of the 
Issuer, at a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure. 
(C) 
A VPS Noteholders’ Meeting will be held in accordance with the procedure set out in 
Condition 11(b) below. 
(D) 
A Written Procedure will be held in accordance with the procedure set out in Condition 
11(c) below. 
(ii) 
Voting rights: 
(A) 
Each VPS Noteholder holds one vote for each NOK 1 in nominal amount of VPS Notes 
(or, in the case of VPS Notes denominated in a currency other than Norwegian Kroner, 
one vote for each minimum integral amount of the relevant currency). The Issuer has no 
voting rights in respect of VPS Notes held by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries. 
(B) 
Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney from a person 
who is, able to document its holdings of VPS Notes by: 
(1) 
presenting a custody account statement from Euronext VPS or an authorised 
institution that is not more than three Business Days old (where the three Business 
Days shall be counted from the date of the submission of the vote or power of 
attorney authorising a person to vote); or 
(2) 
providing other proof of holding which, in the case of a VPS Noteholders’ 
Meeting, is satisfactory to the chairman of the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or, in 
the case of a Written Procedure, is satisfactory to the Issuer, 
may exercise voting rights as a VPS Noteholder at such VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or in 
such Written Procedure, as applicable. 
For the purposes of this Condition 11(a)(ii) a beneficial owner of a VPS Note that has a VPS Note 
registered in the name of a nominee will be deemed to be the owner of the VPS Note rather than the 
nominee. No vote may be exercised at a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or in a Written Procedure by 
any nominee if the beneficial owner of the VPS Note has presented relevant evidence to the 
chairman of the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting (in case of a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting) or the Issuer 
(in case of a Written Procedure), to the satisfaction of the chairman of the VPS Noteholders’ 
Meeting or the Issuer, as applicable, stating that it is the beneficial owner of the VPS Notes voted 
for. If such owner of the VPS Notes has voted directly for any of its nominee registered VPS Notes, 
the votes of the owner of the VPS Notes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the nominee 
for the same VPS Notes.

--- Page 108 ---
107 
 
(iii) 
Percentage of VPS Noteholders required to consent: 
(A) 
The following matters shall require the consent of VPS Noteholders representing at least 
75 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Voting VPS Notes of the relevant 
Series for the time being outstanding for which VPS Noteholders are voting at a VPS 
Noteholders’ Meeting or for which VPS Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in 
accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Condition 11(c)(i) below: 
(1) 
modification of the Maturity Date of the VPS Notes or reduction or cancellation 
of the nominal amount payable upon maturity; or 
(2) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or modification of the payment 
date in respect of any interest in respect of the VPS Notes or variation of the 
method of calculating the rate of interest in respect of the VPS Notes; or 
(3) 
reduction of any Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(4) 
modification of the currency in which payments under the VPS Notes are to be 
made; or 
(5) 
a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for VPS Noteholders’ 
consent set out in this Condition 11; or 
(6) 
the sanctioning of any scheme or proposal described in Condition 11(a)(i)(A)(8) 
above; or 
(7) 
alteration of this Condition 11(a)(iii)(A) or Condition 11(a)(iv)(A).  
(B) 
Any matter not covered by Condition 11(a)(iii)(A) above shall require the consent of VPS 
Noteholders representing more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Voting VPS Notes of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding for which VPS 
Noteholders are voting at a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or for which VPS Noteholders 
reply in a Written Procedure. 
(iv) 
Quorum: 
(A) 
A quorum at a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists 
if one or more VPS Noteholders representing at least two-thirds in aggregate nominal 
amount of the Voting VPS Notes of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding in 
case of a matter pursuant to Condition 11(a)(iii)(A), and otherwise 50 per cent. of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Voting VPS Notes of the relevant Series for the time 
being outstanding: 
(1) 
if at a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone 
conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or 
(2) 
if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request. 
(B) 
VPS Notes held by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries shall not be taken into account 
when determining whether the required quorum has been met according to this Condition 
11(a)(iv) or Condition 11(d)(ii). 
(C) 
No resolution may be passed if it is clear that that resolution is likely to give certain VPS 
Noteholders or others an undue advantage over other VPS Noteholders. 
(v) 
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer, the VPS Agent or the 
Calculation Agent or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer, the VPS 
Agent or the Calculation Agent under the VPS Conditions shall be subject to the consent of the 
Issuer, the VPS Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
(vi) 
Decisions binding on all VPS Noteholders and information to VPS Noteholders: 
(A) 
A matter decided at a duly convened and held VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of 
Written Procedure is binding on all VPS Noteholders, irrespective of them being present 
or represented at the Noteholders’ Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The 
VPS Noteholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any 
damages that this may cause other VPS Noteholders. 
(B) 
Information about decisions taken at a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of a Written 
Procedure shall promptly be notified to the VPS Noteholders, provided that a failure to do 
so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the

--- Page 109 ---
108 
 
relevant VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a VPS 
Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer. 
(vii) 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or 
Written Procedure and, if purporting to be signed by the chairman of that meeting or of the next 
succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the matters in them. Until the contrary is 
proved, every meeting for which minutes have been so made and signed shall be deemed to have 
been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted at it to have been 
duly passed and transacted. 
(b) 
VPS Noteholders’ Meeting 
(i) 
Attendance at a VPS Noteholder’s Meeting: 
(A) 
At the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting, each VPS Noteholder must document its holdings of 
VPS Notes by presenting a custody account statement from Euronext VPS or an authorised 
account institution evidencing that such VPS Noteholder was registered as a VPS 
Noteholder on the Business Day specified in the notice to convene a VPS Noteholders’ 
Meeting pursuant to Condition 11(b)(iii) below or by providing other proof satisfactory to 
the chairman of the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting. The following may attend and speak at a 
VPS Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(1) 
VPS Noteholders and proxies; 
(2) 
any beneficial owners of the VPS Notes having presented relevant evidence 
satisfactory to the chairman of the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting; 
(3) 
any representative of the VPS Noteholders; 
(4) 
the chairman; and 
(5) 
the Issuer, the VPS Agent and the Calculation Agent (through their respective 
representatives) and their respective financial and legal advisers. 
No one else may attend or speak. 
(ii) 
The chairman of the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting shall be such person as the Issuer may nominate 
or, if no nomination is made, the person elected by the VPS Noteholders present at such meeting. 
(iii) 
Convening a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(A) 
The Issuer may at any time, and shall, if so requested by one or more VPS Noteholders 
representing at least 10 per cent. of the of the aggregate nominal amount of the Voting 
VPS Notes of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding convene a VPS 
Noteholders' Meeting or initiate a Written Procedure. The Issuer may refrain from 
convening a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the 
suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the VPS Noteholders 
and such person has informed the Issuer that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the 
suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws. 
(B) 
The Issuer shall call the VPS Noteholders by notice to each VPS Noteholders’ Meeting no 
later than 14 days after having received a request to convene such VPS Noteholders’ 
Meeting from the VPS Noteholders containing the subject of such meeting. If the Issuer 
does not call the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting within the deadline, the VPS Noteholders 
shall be entitled to call the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting. The notice to convene a VPS 
Noteholders’ Meeting shall be sent to each such person who is registered as a VPS 
Noteholder on the date on which the notice is sent. 
(iv) 
The notice given pursuant to Condition 11(b)(iii) above shall include the following: 
(A) 
time for the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting, which must be at least 21 days, but not more than 
30 days, after the notice to the VPS Noteholders; 
(B) 
place for the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting; 
(C) 
a specification of the Business Day(s) on which a person must be registered as a VPS 
Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights; 
(D) 
agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the VPS Noteholders); 
and 
(E) 
a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be 
resolved upon at the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting.

--- Page 110 ---
109 
 
Should prior notification by the VPS Noteholders be required in order to attend the VPS 
Noteholders’ Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice. 
(c) 
Written Procedure 
(i) 
Instigating a Written Procedure: 
(A) 
The Issuer may instigate a Written Procedure at any time by sending a communication to 
each such person who is registered as a VPS Noteholder on the date on which the 
communication is sent. 
(B) 
A communication made pursuant to Condition 11(c)(i)(A) above shall include the 
following: 
(1) 
each request for a decision by the VPS Noteholders; 
(2) 
a description of the reasons for each request; 
(3) 
a specification of the Business Day(s) on which a person must be registered as a 
VPS Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights; 
(4) 
instructions and directions on replying to the request (including a form for such 
reply containing an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of 
power of attorney; and 
(5) 
the stipulated time period within which the VPS Noteholder must reply to the 
request (such time period to last at least 8 Business Days from the communication 
pursuant to Condition 11(c)(i)(A)). 
If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in 
the communication. 
(ii) 
When the requisite majority consents of the principal amount of the VPS Notes outstanding 
pursuant to Condition 11(b)(iii) above have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant 
decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Condition 11(b)(iii) even if the time period for 
replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired. 
(d) 
Repeated VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure 
(i) 
Convening a repeated VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure: 
(A) 
Even if the necessary quorum set out in Condition 11(a)(iv) above is not achieved, the 
VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, shall be held and voting 
completed for the purpose of recording the voting results in the minutes of the VPS 
Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable. The Issuer or the person who 
convened the initial VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, may, 
within 10 Business Days of that VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as 
applicable, convene a repeated VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, with the 
same agenda as the first VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable. 
(B) 
The provisions and procedures regarding a VPS Noteholders’ Meetings and a Written 
Procedure, as set out this Condition 11 shall apply mutatis mutandis to a repeated VPS 
Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, with the exception of the quorum 
requirements set out in Condition 11(a)(iv). A notice to convene for a repeated VPS 
Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, shall also contain the voting 
results obtained in the initial VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as 
applicable. 
(C) 
A repeated VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, may only be 
convened once for each initial VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as 
applicable. A repeated VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, 
may be convened pursuant to the procedures of a Written Procedure in accordance with 
Condition 11(c), even if the initial meeting was held pursuant to the procedures of a VPS 
Noteholders’ Meeting in accordance with Condition 11(b) above and vice versa. 
(ii) 
The quorum at any such repeated VPS Noteholder’s Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, 
is one or more persons being or representing VPS Noteholders whatever the principal amount of 
the VPS Notes so held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration 
of a matter pursuant to Condition 11(a)(iii)(A) above, in which case the quorum shall be one or 
more persons holding Notes or representing Noteholders holding Notes in principal amount of not 
less than one-third in aggregate nominal amount of the Voting VPS Notes of the relevant Series for

--- Page 111 ---
110 
 
the time being outstanding for which VPS Noteholders are voting at a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting 
or for which VPS Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions 
given pursuant to Condition 11(c)(i) above. 
(e) 
Representative 
Save to the extent referred to in Condition 11(a)(i)(A)(7) above, no trustee, agent or representative of the 
VPS Noteholders will be appointed. 
(f) 
Modification of VPS Notes 
Each of the Issuer and the VPS Agent may agree, without the consent of the VPS Noteholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required 
as mentioned above) of the VPS Notes and/or these VPS Conditions (each as applicable) which is 
not prejudicial to the interests of the VPS Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the VPS Notes and/or these VPS Conditions (each as applicable) which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law. 
Subject as provided in these VPS Conditions, no other modification may be made to the VPS Notes or these 
VPS Conditions except with the consent of the Issuer and sanction of a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or a 
Written Procedure or as may be required by applicable laws or a court ruling or decision by a relevant 
authority. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the VPS Noteholders and any such modification shall be notified 
to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 10 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
VPS Notes or any of the provisions of this Agreement may only be modified (pursuant to this Condition 11) 
if (in each case to the extent then required by the Relevant Rules) the Issuer has notified the Relevant 
Regulator of, or the Relevant Regulator has granted permission for, or, as the case may be, not objected to, 
such modification. 
VPS Notes may only be modified (pursuant to any part of Condition 11) if (to the extent then required by 
the Relevant Rules) the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, or the Relevant Regulator has granted 
permission for, or, as the case may be, not objected to, such modification. 
12. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the VPS Noteholders to create and 
issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the VPS Notes or the same in all respects save 
for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series with the outstanding VPS Notes. 
13. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any 
term or condition of the VPS Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists 
or is available apart from that Act. 
14. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The VPS Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them shall be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law save for (i) the provisions of Condition 
3(a), Condition 3(b), Condition 3(c), Condition 3(d), Condition 6(b)(ii), Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d), 
Condition 9 which are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Kingdom of 
Denmark and (ii) Conditions 2, 11 and 12 which shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, the laws of the Kingdom of Norway. 
The VPS Agency Agreement is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
Kingdom of Norway. 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 
which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 into Norwegian law, and, to the extent applicable, the 
Norwegian Securities Register Act of 5 July 2002 No. 64, as well as the rules of Euronext VPS, in each case 
as amended from time to time, and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and are subject to 
the obligations and liabilities which arise under such acts, rules and any related regulations and legislation. 
The registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS as well as the recording and transfer of ownership to, and 
other interests in, VPS Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law.

--- Page 112 ---
111 
 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the VPS Noteholders, that the courts of England are to have 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the VPS Notes (including a 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes) and 
that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in 
connection with the VPS Notes (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of the 
venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought 
in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such Proceedings 
brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of 
any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other 
court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the 
taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Kromann Reumert at its registered office at 65 St Pauls Churchyard, London EC4M 
8AB as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of it ceasing so to act or ceasing to 
have a registered office in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other 
manner permitted by law. 
(d) 
Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers  
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the VPS Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any VPS Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition (d), includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the VPS Notes), by its acquisition of the VPS 
Notes, each VPS Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the VPS Notes may 
be subject to the exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, in accordance with Article 48 of the BRRD and, in the case of Subordinated Notes only, Article 59 
of the BRRD) by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to 
be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the 
following, or a combination thereof: 
(a) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the VPS Notes; 
(b) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the VPS Notes 
into Ordinary Shares, other Securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another Person, 
and the issue to or conferral on the VPS Noteholder of such Ordinary Shares, Securities 
or obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms 
of the VPS Notes; 
(c) 
the cancellation of the VPS Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the VPS Notes; 
and 
(d) 
the amendment of the Maturity Date, the amendment of the amount of interest payable on 
the VPS Notes (if any), or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the VPS Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Upon the Issuer being informed and notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise of 
any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers with respect to the VPS Notes, the Issuer shall notify the VPS 
Noteholders without delay in accordance with Condition 10. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice 
shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers nor the effects 
on the VPS Notes described in this Condition (d). 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
VPS Notes, or the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another Person, as

--- Page 113 ---
112 
 
a result of the exercise of the Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of the Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the VPS Notes, will be an Enforcement Event or a default in payment 
for any purpose.

--- Page 114 ---
113 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes which 
include making a profit and/or hedging risk. If, in respect of an issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 115 ---
114 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
INTRODUCTION 
The Sydbank Group is one of Denmark’s largest banking groups (according to the Danish Bankers Association) with 
assets of DKK 164.8 billion (EUR 22.2 billion) at 31st March, 2021. Sydbank has been created via a string of mergers 
and acquisitions, the most recent in November 2020 when Sydbank acquired Alm. Brand Bank A/S. 
Sydbank’s head office is situated in Aabenraa – a small provincial town in Southern Jutland approximately 25 
kilometres north of the Danish-German border. Sydbank has 56 branches throughout Denmark and 3 in Germany. 
The number of branches is adjusted on an ongoing basis. As at 31st March, 2021, the Group had a total of 2,166 full-
time employees. 
Depending on customer segment and type of business, Sydbank has a market share between 6 and 12 per cent. – 
largest within the SME segment (corporate clients). 
THE DANISH BANKING SECTOR 
The Danish banking sector is highly consolidated. The two financial conglomerates, Danske Bank and Nordea 
dominate the sector. Both are pan-Scandinavian banks. The four largest Danish Banks in Denmark have combined 
approximately 85 per cent. of total loans among Danish commercial banks and savings banks3. Danske Bank holds 
approximately 66 per cent., Jyske Bank holds approximately 8.5 per cent., Nykredit Bank holds approximately 6.5 
per cent. and Sydbank holds approximately 4 per cent. Jyske Bank and Sydbank both have regional origins but have 
established a national brand structure. The rest of the market is fragmented with many small and medium-sized banks, 
typically with a strong local focus. 
At the end of 2019, Denmark had 63 commercial banks and savings banks. 
Foreign banks cover a minor share of the Danish market. In total, there are 28 branches of foreign credit institutions 
in Denmark. A large part of these are Nordic Banks and includes Nordea’s Danish banking activities.4  
Total balance sheet of the Danish-banking sector is approximately DKK 3,570 billion5. This represents 28 per cent. 
of the overall balance sheet of the Danish financial sector, and commercial banks and savings banks make up one of 
the largest parts of the financial sector in Denmark. 
The other large sector is mortgage credit, with 34 per cent. of the overall balance sheet. Nykredit (including 
Totalkredit) and Realkredit Danmark (part of Danske Bank Group) dominate the mortgage credit market. Combined 
they hold approximately 69 per cent. of the market.6 Nykredit is the only remaining independent mortgage institution 
in Denmark. In 2003 Nykredit acquired Totalkredit (owned by over 100 small and medium sized banks – including 
Sydbank), the second largest independent mortgage institution. 
Despite the relatively high concentration in the Danish banking sector, competition is fierce and effective. This is 
mainly due to the special Danish banking structure, where many small and medium-sized local banks compete 
intensively against the few national banks. A well-developed joint infrastructure in the field of cash management 
characterised by solidarity has contributed to maintaining the Danish banking structure, distinguished by many 
independent units. 
In addition, foreign competitors trying to capture market shares intensifies competition. 
                                                     
3 Source: https://www.finanstilsynet.dk/Tal-og-Fakta/Statistik/Statistik-om-sektoren/2019/Pengeinstitutter_2019  
4 Source: https://finansdanmark.dk/tal-og-analyser/institutter-filialer-ansatte/  
5 Source: https://www.finanstilsynet.dk/Tal-og-Fakta/Statistik/Statistik-om-sektoren/2019/Hovedtal_2019  
6 Source: https://www.finanstilsynet.dk/Tal-og-Fakta/Statistik/Statistik-om-sektoren/2019/Realkreditinstitutter_2019

--- Page 116 ---
115 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SYDBANK GROUP 
History 
Although its roots date back more than a century Sydbank was first established on 15th July 1970 through a merger 
of four local banks in Southern Jutland. In the 1980s the Bank began expanding its domestic branch network outside 
Southern Jutland. 
Between 1980 and 1989 Sydbank established a branch in Copenhagen (1981); merged with Århus Bank (1983) and 
Fynske Bank (1984); and partially acquired two Copenhagen-based banks, 6. juli Banken (1987), and Fællesbanken 
(1988). Outside Denmark, Sydbank established branches in Germany in 1984, 1985 and 2007. 
In 1990 Sydbank merged with Sparekassen Sønderjylland, the largest savings bank in Southern Jutland, which gave 
the merged entity the leading market position in that area. 
In 1994 Sydbank acquired the sound, basic banking activities of Varde Bank (which was then in financial difficulties), 
and it acquired the basic banking activities of Aktivbanken from its insurance company parent, Topdanmark. 
Purchasing the core businesses of Varde Bank and Aktivbanken doubled Sydbank's business volume as well as the 
number of staff. 
In 2000 Sydbank obtained its first rating from Moody's. 
In the years following the turn of the millennium Sydbank grew and is now nationwide. In 2002 Sydbank acquired 
Egnsbank Fyn and in the ensuing years it set up a number of branches in central Jutland and North Zealand. In 2002 
Sydbank established a subsidiary bank, Sydbank (Schweiz) AG, however in 2011 the activities were transferred to 
Sydbank in Germany – now home to the Bank’s foreign private banking operations. In 2008 Sydbank acquired 
bankTrelleborg. 
In 2012 Sydbank acquired branches and clients from Tønder Bank, and in December 2013 Sydbank acquired DiBa 
Bank. 
On 30th November, 2020 Sydbank acquired Alm. Brand Bank. The purchase price of the Alm. Brand Group 
represented DKK 1,897 million, which has been paid in cash. As a result, total credit intermediation in Sydbank has 
risen sharply by more than 20 DKK billion. 
Legal status and Group description 
Sydbank A/S is a public limited liability bank, registered in the Kingdom of Denmark with registration number CVR 
No DK 1262 6509. Although there are no limitations on the transfer of shares in the Bank, individual shareholders 
are only permitted to vote in respect of a maximum of 20,000 shares at general meetings of the Bank. 
In addition to the dominant banking activities of Sydbank, the Sydbank Group includes the wholly-owned 
undertakings Ejendomsselskabet af 1. juni 1986 A/S, Ejendomsselskabet AB ApS, Syd Administration A/S and Syd 
ABB A/S and the majority-owned Syd Fund Management A/S. The share of these undertakings of the total assets of 
the Sydbank Group is 2 per cent. 
In addition, Sydbank has significant ownership interests in Bankdata (35 per cent.), the Bank’s information 
technology support company which also provides systems solutions to 7 other Danish banks. 
The Bank’s registered office and principal place of business is Peberlyk 4, DK-6200 Aabenraa, Denmark, telephone 
number +45 74 37 37 37. 
Ownership 
Sydbank is listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen (www.nasdaqomxnordic.com) and has approximately 100,000 
shareholders. One shareholder – Silchester International Investors LLP – has informed the Bank that it owns more 
than 10 per cent. of the share capital.  
Business areas 
The Bank's customer and product strategies are focused on servicing profitably (whether directly or through business 
partners and sub-suppliers) its customers' needs for finance, investment, hedging and cash management. 
The range of products the Bank offers to its customers include all normal banking and pension scheme products. 
Mortgage credit loans and insurance products are offered by several business partners and sub-suppliers of the Bank.  
Sydbank’s primary mortgage credit partners are Totalkredit and DLR Kredit and its life insurance partners are 
Letpension and PFA. Sydbank’s non-life insurance partners are Topdanmark and Alm. Brand Forsikring. 
Sydbank maintains a special knowledge and competence in several niche areas, such as pensions and investments, 
managing payment flows and risk management for corporate clients. In the unit trust area Sydbank primarily uses 
Sydinvest and BankInvest as partners/sub-suppliers.

--- Page 117 ---
116 
 
Sydbank is competitive within electronic banking solutions and self-service concepts. Its products in these areas 
include NetBank (an Internet bank) and Mobilbank (on smartphones) for retail clients, and Online Banking and 
MobilBank Corporate for corporate clients, both of which are fully integrated with customers' ERP systems. Since 
2016 Sydbank has also been a part of the MobilePay cooperation.  
Maintaining the joint Danish payment systems – interbank and securities exchange and settlement systems – is one 
important element of Sydbank's strategy. This is underlined by the Bank's participation in the National Banks in 
Denmark (LDB), which is a private organisation for banks. The members of LDB are Arbejdernes Landsbank A/S, 
Nykredit Bank A/S, Spar Nord Bank A/S and Sydbank A/S. 
The Bank's investment in the information technology area is undertaken both through active participation in the joint 
Danish payment systems and partly through its participation with 7 other Danish financial institutions in Bankdata, 
which develops basic information technology systems for financial institutions. Bankdata has an operating agreement 
with JN Data in Silkeborg. 
Geographical location 
The map below shows the location of the Bank’s head office and its regional and branch offices. 
 
 
Sydbank’s customer-orientated activities in Denmark are handled in 12 regions which provide full service to all 
customers. The Danish regions are organised in corporate, private banking and retail sections to service the Bank’s 
smaller branches. Moreover Sydbank has a separate function dedicated to agricultural clients. Administrative tasks 
are carried out by Customer Secretariats. In addition to the regional head office, a typical region has 2-6 branches and 
a staff of approximately 35-150. 
The total number of branches in Denmark amounts to 56. The number of branches is adapted on an ongoing basis on 
the basis of the clients' use of them. In addition, there are three branches in Germany (one in Flensburg, one in Kiel, 
and one in Hamburg). 
Sydbank’s head office is situated in Aabenraa, a small provincial town approximately 25 kilometres north of the 
Danish-German border. This allows it to maintain a visible link with the core area in the southern part of Jutland and 
reflects its historical roots in the area.

--- Page 118 ---
117 
 
Vision and objectives 
Sydbank is and intends to continue to be an independent nationwide Danish all-round bank operating for the benefit 
of its customers, local communities, shareholders and employees. Sydbank intends to have a decentralised structure 
regarding customers and a centralised structure regarding risk and cost management. Sydbank’s strategic focus 
represents the values from the Bank’s core story with 3 promises – to its customers, to its employees and to its 
shareholders. The Bank’s core story is shown below. 
Banking 
Sydbank’s mission is to be a bank that is close to its customers. We find solutions where they are – quickly and 
efficiently. We build on relationships between people. And we focus on what is important – banking and sound 
business. Banking – pure and simple. 
Our bank 
Rooted in Southern Jutland, Sydbank is a strong and independent nationwide bank operating on its own terms. 
For the backbone of the Danish corporate sector and for retail customers who value professional advice we are a 
bank for most people but not the same bank for everyone. Good old-fashioned attentiveness, new technology – we 
use what works. We know our customers and we are close to them providing advice that is tailored to their 
individual needs. Backed by the best business partners our competitive strength is increased. Our bank – excellence 
and relationships create value. 
Sydbank 
Our Bank makes 3 promises – to our customers, to our employees and to our shareholders. You will know us for 
the value we create for our customers. You will know us for our belief that excellent and committed employees are 
our most important asset. And you will know us for always having a level of profitability that will enable us to 
remain an independent and resourceful bank. Sydbank – what can we do for you. 
Goals and competitive parameters 
Sydbank intends to increase its market share primarily in earnings, but also in business volume and customers. The 
Bank aims to attract more customers in both the youth and senior segments. Closeness and availability are key 
competitive parameters for Sydbank in seeking to increase its market share. The Bank aims to ensure that using 
Sydbank should be a straightforward experience to the customers. 
In this connection, Sydbank intends to develop and improve the efficiency of its delivery channels targeted at 
corporate and retail customers in order to meet their wish for increased availability and in order to increase the degree 
of self-service thus making time available for advisory customer services. 
Sydbank seeks to ensure high accessibility and gives customers the possibility of contacting the Bank when and how 
it suits them best. 
Sydbank aims to be able to maintain strong long-term relationships with clients. A loyalty programme Sydbank 
Favorit is offered to retail clients. Sydbank Favorit is based on up to 10 optional benefits while at the same time 
rewarding clients for loyalty and long-term relationships with the Bank through a number of discounts. 
Sydbank aims to be the preferred business partner for medium-sized and large businesses and prioritises building and 
maintaining value-creating relationships with all corporate clients. Corporate clients receive advisory services from a 
personal adviser who knows the circumstances of the business and its plans for the future. 
The Bank will continue to attach great importance to offering personal service to its customers. Therefore, the Bank 
will maintain a relatively large low-cost branch network through the use of both part-time and small branches (with 
only 2-4 employees). At the same time, the Bank aims to expand its electronic customer channels including the use 
of card systems and machines and online banking systems. IT is an essential part of the Bank’s business model. 
Sydbank sees technology as a means to bring the Bank closer to clients and reduce complexity thus creating a simple 
and seamless customer experience. The Bank’s business model is adapted regularly to meet clients’ increasing 
demand for self-service and advisory services outside the traditional branch. Sydbank works closely with Bankdata 
on the development of new IT systems. The focus is on the digitisation of processes, creating a better online customer 
experience and even better capital market systems.  
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)/Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 
Sydbank aims to integrate CSR/ESG into its core business and therefore, Sydbank’s CSR/ESG efforts focus on the 
areas that it, as a bank, can influence the most – its core activities: investments and lending. In addition to investments 
and lending, Sydbank also focuses on its own climate footprint and on being a responsible employer.

--- Page 119 ---
118 
 
Sydbank has a CSR policy, which is overseen directly by the Board of Directors. Sydbank’s Group Executive 
Management and Sydbank’s CSR forum act within the CSR policy framework. The CSR forum reports initiatives to 
the Group Executive Management, which informs the Board of Directors about the initiatives. 
Sydbank complies with a series of international and national initiatives, principles and guidelines. In 2020 Sydbank 
further signed the UN Principles for Responsible Banking and joined the UN Global Compact.  
Customer satisfaction 
Sydbank considers a high degree of customer satisfaction to be an important competitive parameter. Management 
believes that its retail and corporate customers (particularly in its core areas) have a high degree of loyalty and that 
they are generally satisfied with the Bank. 
Sydbank's objective is to maintain a top 3 ranking among the 6 largest banks in terms of customer satisfaction. 
The 2020 Aalund Research poll shows that Sydbank is ranked joint second with respect to satisfaction and loyalty of 
corporate clients among the largest banks in the sector. 
The annual EPSI poll of retail clients’ satisfaction with their bank showed that Sydbank is ranked second among the 
largest Danish Banks. 
Cash management 
Domestic cash management is centred in Nets – one of the cornerstones of the joint Danish payment systems. Like 
other Danish banks, Sydbank issues debit cards to its customers through Dankort. The Dankort card can be combined 
with Visa and, as such, it can also be used abroad. Sydbank has issued more than 247,000 Visa/Dankort cards, equal 
to a market share of approximately five per cent. The Visa/Dankort card can be used as a purchase card at 148,800 
card terminals in Denmark and for making withdrawals in approximately 2,074 ATMs in Denmark.7  
Sydbank also offers a versatile MasterCard credit card programme as well as a MasterCard debit card. At the end of 
March 2021 Sydbank MasterCard credit cards in circulation numbered around 61,000. The debit card was issued to 
more than 150,000 clients. Sydbank MasterCards are delivered through Nets. 
Sydbank’s activities in its branches in Northern Germany are aimed at small and medium-sized businesses and at 
retail customers. The corporate activities are concentrated around cash management and small transaction credits. 
The Bank has generated considerable expertise and experience within cash management between Denmark and 
Germany, which makes it an attractive business partner to Danish businesses with activities in Germany. In addition, 
Sydbank participates in the German MultiCash system. MultiCash is an online banking system developed for cash 
management by a joint group of German banks. 
In 1999, Sydbank joined the international Connector Partnership for efficient cross-border cash management. The 
partnership represents an overall branch network of approximately 25,000. The agreement has resulted in significantly 
improved competitiveness within international cash management and, through this partnership, Sydbank is able to 
match the offers of larger financial institutions. 
Sydbank also participates in the Single Euro Payment Area (SEPA). 
Risk Management 
The overall risk management is supported by individual risk committees that report directly to the Group Executive 
Management. The risk committees identify, monitor and assess risks within the individual risk areas and ensure that 
models and principles are formulated to calculate risk. Committees have been set up for each of the risk areas: credit 
risk, liquidity risk, market risk and operational risk as well as IT Security. The committees ensure that the Bank’s 
business units proactively carry out their operations to counter identified risks. The Groups Chief Risk Officer (the 
CRO) is a member of all risk committees. The committees consist of a Group Executive Management member 
(chairman), the CRO and a broad composition of other members. 
The committees meet as a minimum every quarter and prepare as a minimum once a year a risk analysis which is 
used in connection with the annual overall risk assessment of the Group. 
IT security 
IT security is a significant aspect of the Group´s operational risk. IT supports a large part of the systems and tools 
used by the Group’s customers and advisers. This function is strengthened by the increased digitisation in Sydbank, 
which customers experience by way of increased self-service and improved online services. 
The Group regularly reviews this area – on a strategic level, on an operational level and on a system level if the system 
is business-critical. As a result requirements have been specified as regards confidentiality and integrity of the 
                                                     
7 Source: https://nationalbanken.statistikbank.dk

--- Page 120 ---
119 
 
individual elements of IT security. These requirements are adjusted on ongoing basis to new statutory requirements 
and regulations. 
Sydbank Markets and investment centres 
Sydbank believes that investments will continue to be an important area in the years ahead as a consequence of 
increasing pension savings, outsourcing of asset management and continued increasing demand from personal 
investors for investment products. 
As a result, the Bank intends to continue to focus on asset management and securities trading. One important 
competitive parameter will be its ability to provide an expert and value-adding advisory service. Internet technology 
plays an important role in this service and Sydbank offers its customers the opportunity to buy and sell a number of 
Danish and foreign shares and bonds at real time prices via NetBank. 
In the area of retail customers, Sydbank’s objective is to offer decentralised advisory services in local investment 
centres. The local investment centres are an integrated part of the private banking organization. There is a physical 
private banking centre in each of the Bank’s 12 regions as well as 1 in Northern Germany. This highlights the personal 
service and ensures the opportunity of tailoring investment solutions to the individual customer’s needs. 
Asset Management undertakes traditional asset management responsibilities, such as the management of the Bank’s 
pooled pension plans and individual portfolio management mandates.

--- Page 121 ---
120 
 
OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 
Operating result 
The tables below set out an analysis of the Bank’s consolidated profit and loss account and certain key figures and 
ratios derived from its financial statements. The consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31st December, 
2018, 2019 and 2020 and the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements for the three months ended 31st 
March, 2020 and 2021 have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the EU. 
 
Year ended 31st December, 
Three months ended 
31st March, 
 
 
2018 
DKK 
million 
2019 
DKK 
million 
2020 
DKK 
million 
 
2020 
DKK 
million 
2021 
DKK 
million 
Core income 
 
3,951 
3,655 
3,670 
 
960 
1,105 
Trading income 
 
138 
224 
278 
 
7 
73 
Total income 
 
4,089 
3,879 
3,948 
 
967 
1,178 
Costs, core earnings 
 
(2,722) 
(2,783) 
(2,774) 
 
(718) 
(833) 
Impairment of loans and advances etc 
 
122 
97 
(47) 
 
(84) 
81 
Core earnings 
 
1,489 
1,193 
1,127 
 
165 
426 
Investment portfolios earnings 
 
(127) 
(61) 
(31) 
 
(78) 
(21) 
Profit before non-recurring items 
 
1,362 
1,132 
1,096 
 
87 
405 
Non-recurring items, net 
 
58 
(51) 
(75) 
 
(17) 
(32) 
Profit before tax 
 
1,420 
1,081 
1,021 
 
70 
373 
Tax 
 
(259) 
(228) 
(222) 
 
(15) 
(82) 
Profit after tax 
 
1,161 
853 
799 
 
55 
291 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Key Figures and Ratios 
 
Year ended 31st December, 
Three months ended 
31st March, 
 
 
2018 
DKK 
million 
2019 
DKK 
million 
2020 
DKK 
million 
 
2020 
DKK 
million 
2021 
DKK 
million 
Total assets 
 
140,514 
147,738 
165,800 
 
150,196 
164,811 
Equity capital (including subordinated 
debt and hybrid capital) 
 
13,543 
13,627 
14,363 
 
13,617 
14,410 
Pre-tax profit as % per annum of 
average equity 
 
12.5% 
9.7% 
8.6% 
 
2.1% 
12.3% 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio 
 
17.3% 
17.8% 
18.8% 
 
19.0% 
18.1% 
Tier 1 capital ratio 
 
19.0% 
19.4% 
20.4% 
 
20.6% 
19.5% 
Capital ratio 
 
22.4% 
22.9% 
24.0% 
 
24.3% 
23.0% 
Loans 
 
67,493 
73,156 
78,190 
 
79,646 
79,714 
Deposits 
 
102,497 
103,337 
115,692 
 
99,314 
113,378 
Number of full-time staff at year end 
 
2,098 
2,030 
2,286 
 
2,004 
2,166 
 
Capital adequacy 
The Group’s capital targets are a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio of around 14.5 per cent. and a total 
capital ratio of around 18.5 per cent. The Group’s capital policy consistently supports the Group’s strategy and at the 
same time takes into account Sydbank’s status as a SIFI as well as full implementation of capital regulations. 
The total capital ratio of the Sydbank Group was 23.0 per cent. at 31st March, 2021 and the Common Equity Tier 1 
capital ratio was 18.1 per cent. 
Share Capital 
In 1999, Sydbank reduced its share capital from DKK 871 million to DKK 825 million, in 2000, by a further DKK 
40 million, in 2001, by a further DKK 35 million, in 2004 by a further DKK 50 million and in 2007 by a further DKK 
25 million. In September 2009 Sydbank increased its share capital by DKK 67.5 million. In May 2016 Sydbank 
reduced its share capital by DKK 20.1 million, in May 2017, by a further DKK 18.8 million, in April 2018, by a

--- Page 122 ---
121 
 
further DKK 26.9 million and in April 2019, by a further DKK 59.2 million by cancelling shares which were acquired 
during the Bank’s share buyback programmes in the previous years. In June 2020 the share capital was further reduced 
by DKK 20.8 million by cancelling shares which were purchased during the Bank’s share buyback programme in 
2019. The Bank’s share capital was DKK 596.8 million as at 31st March, 2021. 
The Board of Directors can, if so directed by the shareholder committee, increase the share capital by up to DKK 59.7 
million (until 1st March, 2026). 
Loan and guarantee portfolio 
The principal lending activity of the Sydbank Group consists of loans and guarantees to private individuals and to a 
range of Danish corporate clients. 
The table below sets out the Sydbank Group’s lending by client categories as a percentage of total lending at 31st 
December in each of the years indicated: 
Sydbank Group loan and guarantee portfolio (per cent.) 
 
 
2019 
2020 
 
 
% 
% 
Agriculture, hunting, forestry and fisheries 
 
3.9 
3.4 
Manufacturing and extraction of raw materials 
 
10.9 
9.4 
Energy supply etc. 
 
2.8 
3.0 
Building and construction 
 
4.4 
4.6 
Trade 
 
14.3 
11.8 
Transportation, hotels and restaurants 
 
3.5 
3.0 
Information and communication 
 
0.5 
0.7 
Finance and insurance 
 
20.0 
24.3 
Real property 
 
5.4 
5.7 
Other corporate lending 
 
4.0 
3.7 
Total industries 
 
69.7 
69.6 
Public authorities 
 
0.3 
0.1 
Retail  
 
30.0 
30.3 
Total 
 
100.0 
100.0 
 
 
The table below shows the breakdown of the Sydbank Group’s loans by remaining maturity at 31st December in each 
of the years indicated. 
Sydbank Group, loan maturity breakdown 
 
 
 
2018 
DKK 
million 
2019 
DKK 
million 
2020 
DKK 
million 
On demand 
 
 
14,371 
15,346 
13,434 
3 months or less 
 
 
7,825 
13,807 
19,526 
Over 3 months not exceeding 1 year 
 
 
22,983 
23,651 
21,068 
Over 1 year not exceeding 5 years 
 
 
12,946 
12,334 
14,743 
Over 5 years 
 
 
9,368 
8,018 
9,419 
Total loans 
 
 
67,493 
73,156 
78,190 
 
As at 31st March, 2021, the sum of the 20 largest exposures as a percentage of the CET1 capital was 151. According 
to legislation, the sum of large exposures must be below 175 per cent. of the CET1 capital. 
As at 31st March, 2021, the accumulated impairment ratio was 2.6 per cent.

--- Page 123 ---
122 
 
Credit intermediation 
In addition to traditional bank loans and advances the Group arranges for mortgage loans from Totalkredit and DLR 
Kredit. The Group’s total credit intermediation comprises bank loans and advances, mortgage-like loans funded by 
Totalkredit as well as mortgage loans arranged through Totalkredit and DLR Kredit. 
The table below sets out the breakdown of the Bank’s total credit intermediation at the end of each of the periods in 
each of the years indicated. 
Sydbank Group, credit intermediation 
 
31st December, 
31st March, 
 
 
2018 
DKK 
billion 
2019 
DKK 
billion 
2020 
DKK 
billion 
2020 
DKK 
billion 
2021 
DKK 
billion 
Bank loans and advances 
 
61.0 
60.6 
60.2 
60.0 
61.5 
Funded mortgage-like loans 
 
9.9 
8.3 
7.0 
7.9 
6.5 
Arranged mortgage loans - Totalkredit 
 
59.6 
64.7 
85.7 
65.8 
87.2 
Arranged mortgage loans - DLR 
 
11.7 
11.5 
12.7 
11.3 
12.9 
Total  
 
142.2 
145.1 
165.6 
145.0 
168.1 
As a result of the acquisition of Alm. Brand Bank in 2020, total credit intermediation has risen and credit 
intermediation concerning Alm. Brand Bank was DKK 22.2 billion as at 31st December, 2020. 
Lending and credit policy 
The Bank seeks to manage its credit risk centrally with all credit approvals being subject to close supervision and a 
clearly defined approval process. In order to ensure this close supervision, written guidelines by way of an overall 
credit policy and a detailed procedures manual have been prepared. 
The Credit Committee is responsible for credits and the General Manager and Assistant General Manager of credits, 
is responsible for all issues regarding credits and procedures manuals. 
Credit risk models 
The Group is continuously working to further develop the classification and rating models that are applied to evaluate 
and classify existing as well as potential retail and corporate exposures. 
Model development is based on the recommendations submitted by the Basel Committee on the internal ratings-based 
approach to specialised lending exposures. 
With regard to retail exposures, the Group uses the advanced IRB approach under which the Group estimates the 
probability of default (PD), loss given defaults (LGD) and the utilisation of credit facilities (CF). With regard to 
corporate exposures the Group uses the foundation IRB approach under which the Group estimates only PD and not 
LGD and CF. 
The Bank is working on a project with the purpose of gaining approval to apply the advanced IRB approach to 
calculate the capital requirement as regards corporate exposures. The objective is to gain approval at the end of 2021. 
Approval of exposures 
The Executive Management has set out written approval authority to the individual employees. The approval authority 
has been adapted to the function and to the working experience of each employee. 
Documentation relating to the debtor’s affairs, including accounting information for corporate debtors, as well as a 
description of any security to be provided, must be provided as part of the credit approval process in respect of all 
exposures. 
A separate department, Credit Control, is tasked with ensuring that procedures and lending authorities are complied 
with as well as checking the Bank’s systems and business procedures in this area. 
Supervision 
In addition to the Bank’s Internal Audit Department, the quality of the credit portfolio is monitored by Risk Follow-
Up, a department organised under the Bank’s Risk Department. Risk Follow-up monitors the credit quality analyses 
of the Group’s new exposures as well as regular random sampling of the retail and corporate client portfolios. The 
controllers of the Risk Department also supervise the documentary quality, perfection of security, registrations and 
administrative procedure manuals of the Bank.

--- Page 124 ---
123 
 
Industry diversification 
According to the Bank’s credit policy, the Bank’s corporate credit portfolio should reflect the commercial structure 
in the society and the individual industries. However, the composition of the portfolio should not deviate significantly 
from the industry spread of the financial institutions similar to the Bank. 
The Bank’s Credit Department continuously monitors the development of individual industries and re-evaluates once 
a year the limits of the Bank’s total credit to the most significant types of industries. 
Consolidation and large exposures 
Exposures with inter-connected customers are considered as one. According to the Bank’s credit policy, the Bank 
does not wish to depend on individual, large customers. Therefore, it has been decided that the 10 largest exposures 
(consolidated) should not exceed a maximum of 10 per cent. of the total credit portfolio. 
Credit loss 
If the creditworthiness of a client is questioned and his ability to pay is deemed uncertain, the exposure will be 
classified as critical and the monitoring will be intensified. 
Large exposures are continuously evaluated with a view to assessing the impairment charges needed. Individual 
impairment charges taken on minor exposures are supplemented with grouped impairment charges, based on 
statistical calculations of the expected risk of loss. Individual impairment charges are made if an exposure is deemed 
to entail a risk of loss due to a customer’s expected financial situation compared with the realisation value of security 
provided. 
Credit risk on financial counterparties 
Trading in securities, currencies and derivatives, as well as payment services, involves exposure to financial 
counterparties in the form of delivery risk or credit risk. Delivery risk lines and credit risk lines to financial 
counterparties are based on the risk profile of the individual counterparty which is assessed in terms of rating, 
earnings, capital position and the size of the financial counterparty. Risks and lines to financial counterparties are 
monitored continuously. 
The Issuer participates in an international foreign exchange settlement system, CLS, which aims to reduce delivery 
risk. In CLS, payment is made on the net position for each currency, and only one amount for each currency is paid 
or received. In addition this net exposure is only to one counterparty, who is the Issuer’s partner in the system. 
The Issuer aims to mitigate credit risk to financial counterparties in many ways, for example by concluding netting 
agreements (ISDA and GMRA agreements). Moreover, to ensure credit risk mitigation of derivatives, the Issuer has 
entered into credit support annex agreements (CSA agreements) with all significant counterparties. Exposures are 
calculated on a daily basis after which the parties settle collateral. 
Sources of funds 
The Bank’s principal source of funding is customer deposits which accounted for 69 per cent. of its total funds at 31st 
March, 2021. Other sources of funds include equity, subordinated debt and interbank borrowings. 
The table below sets out a breakdown of the Bank’s sources of funding at the end of each of the periods in each of 
the years indicated.

--- Page 125 ---
124 
 
Sydbank Group funding sources 
 
31st December, 
31st March, 
 
 
 
2018 
DKK 
million 
% 
2019 
DKK 
million 
% 
2020 
DKK 
million 
% 
2021 
 DKK 
 million 
% 
Equity 
 
 
11,682 
8 
11,764 
8 
12,506 
7 
12,553 
8 
Subordinated loans 
 
 
1,861 
1 
1,863 
1 
1,857 
1 
1,857 
1 
Deposits* 
 
 
102,497 
73 
103,337 
70 
115,692 
70 
113,378 
69 
Core funding 
 
 
116,040 
82 
116,964 
79 
130,055 
78 
127,788 
78 
Senior debt 
 
 
3,706 
3 
7,437 
5 
9,563 
6 
9,595 
6 
Interbank funding** 
 
 
5,339 
4 
5,497 
4 
7,093 
4 
6,826 
4 
Other liabilities  
 
 
15,429 
11 
17,840 
12 
19,089 
12 
20,602 
12 
Market funding 
 
 
24,474 
18 
30,774 
21 
35,745 
22 
37,023 
22 
Total funds 
 
 
140,514 
100 
147,738 
100 
165,800 
100 
164,811 
100 
* Pooled schemes deposits included. 
** Repo transactions included. 
Sydbank offers a range of deposit products. The maturity breakdown at the end of each of the periods indicated of 
these deposits is set out in the table below: 
Sydbank Group deposits 
 
31st December, 
31st March, 
 
 
 
2018 
DKK 
million 
% 
2019 
DKK 
million 
% 
2020 
DKK 
million 
% 
2021 
DKK 
million 
% 
Deposits on demand 
 
 
73,833 
72 
76,025 
74 
87,338 
76 
85,136 
75 
Deposits at notice 
 
 
1,598 
2 
194 
0 
252 
0 
229 
0 
Time deposits 
 
 
6,450 
6 
3,815 
4 
3,732 
3 
3,521 
3 
Special 
 
 
4,396 
4 
4,261 
4 
4,597 
4 
4,146 
4 
Pooled Schemes 
deposits 
 
 
16,220 
16 
19,042 
18 
19,773 
17 
20,346 
18 
Total savings deposits 
 
 
102,497 
100 
103,337 
100 
115,692 
100 
113,378 
100 
 
Management 
The Bank’s Board of Directors consists of 12 members. Sydbank’s shareholders elect at a General meeting a number 
of shareholders to be representatives to a Shareholders’ Committee. The number must not be less than 60 and not 
more than 80. As at the date of this Offering Circular, the Committee consists of 66 representatives. The Board of 
Directors shall consist of between 6 and 10 members to be elected by and from Shareholders’ Committee members 
and the staff elect four members to the Board of Directors. The business address of each of the Directors listed below 
is Peberlyk 4, PO Box 1038, DK 6200 Aabenraa, Denmark. 
The Board of Directors comprises: 
Lars Mikkelgaard-Jensen, Rungsted Kyst 
Chairman 
Former CEO and managing Director 
Jacob Christian Nielsen, Haderslev 
Vice Chairman 
CEO 
Henrik Hoffmann, Frederiksberg 
Former head of credits 
Søren Holm, Copenhagen

--- Page 126 ---
125 
 
Former Group executive 
Janne Moltke-Leth, Copenhagen 
CEO 
Gitte Poulsen, Herning 
CEO 
Susanne Schou, Sønderborg 
Deputy Chief Executive  
Jon Stefansson, Kolding 
Attorney 
Carsten Andersen, Sønderborg 
Account Manager, Corporate Clients, elected by the staff 
Kim Holmer, Sydals 
Vice Chairman of Sydbank Kreds, elected by the staff 
Jarl Oxlund, Kolding 
Chairman of Sydbank Kreds, elected by the staff 
Jørn Krogh Sørensen, Aabenraa 
Senior Vice President, Corporate Department, elected by the staff 
The Board of Directors appoints the Board of Management, which comprises: 
Karen Frøsig 
Group Chief Executive 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ejendomsselskabet af 1. juni 1986 A/S, Syd Administration A/S, National 
Banks in Denmark, Foreningen Bankdata and Syd ABB A/S. 
Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors of PRAS A/S. 
Member of the Boards of Directors of BOKIS A/S, Finance Denmark, BI Holding A/S, FR I af 16. September 2015 
A/S, Sydbank Fonden, Musikhuset Esbjerg, Fond, Museum Sønderjylland and Kunsten ApS. 
Bjarne Larsen 
Deputy Group Chief Executive 
Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors of Syd Administration A/S. 
Member of the Board of Directors of DLR Kredit A/S, Ejendomsselskabet af 1. juni 1986 A/S and Opendo A/S. 
Executive manager of Syd ABB A/S. 
Jørn Adam Møller 
Deputy Group Chief Executive 
Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors of Syd ABB A/S. 
Executive manager and member of the Board of Directors of Ejendomsselskabet af 1. juni 1986 A/S and Syd 
Administration A/S. 
Member of the Board of Directors of e-nettet A/S. 
 
Henning Dam 
Deputy Group Chief Executive 
Member of the Board of Directors of Letpension and Syd ABB A/S. 
 
Other senior officers: 
Søren Hansen Reumert 
Head of Communications & Marketing 
Jacob Stig Blomberg 
Head of Finance  
Bjørn Slipsager Clausen 
Head of Risk 
Stig Westergaard 
Head of Credits 
Michael Andersen 
Head of Asset Management 
Karin Sønderbæk 
Head of Legal Department

--- Page 127 ---
126 
 
Steen Sandager 
Head of Retail Clients & Private Banking 
Claus Peter Michelsen 
Head of Corporate Clients 
Pia Brink Andersen 
Head of Sydbank Markets 
Poul-Erik Winther 
Head of Internal Audit 
Jacob Flohr Kristiansen 
Head of IT & Development 
Niels Skylvad 
Head of Transaction Banking 
Steen Streubel Hansen 
Head of Corporate Banking & Finance 
Else Guldager 
Head of HR & Organisation 
Morten Barsballe Nielsen 
Head of Operations  
Torben Bruun Jørgensen 
Head of Customer Service Direct 
Lone Frederiksen 
Head of Compliance 
Flemming Ramberg Mortensen 
Head of Secretariat, digitization & strategy 
 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the Directors, members of 
the Board of Management or other senior officers of the Issuer and the duties of such persons to the Issuer.

--- Page 128 ---
127 
 
LEGISLATIVE AND REGULATORY REVIEW 
Danish implementation of the CRD Directive and CRR 
In line with other European banks, Danish banks must also comply with the CRD Directive and the CRR. Both have 
come into force in Denmark in 2014, the CRD Directive through implementation of the Danish Financial Business 
Act, whereas the CRR applies directly without implementation in national law. The CRR and CRD Directive 
framework implements, among other things, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision’s (the Basel Committee) 
proposals imposing stricter capital and liquidity requirements upon banks (Basel III) in the European Union covering 
a wide range of prudential requirements, including capital requirements, stricter and aligned definitions of capital, 
REA, leverage ratio, large exposure framework and liquidity and funding requirements. The CRD Directive covers 
the overall supervisory framework for banks (including the individual Pillar II risk assessment) and other measures 
such as the combined capital buffer requirements, systematically important financial institution (SIFI) definition, 
governance and remuneration requirements. The European Banking Authority (EBA) has issued detailed rules 
through binding technical standards for many areas including, inter alia, liquidity requirements and certain aspects 
of capital requirements. 
Capital requirements 
Under CRD/CRR, institutions are required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital equal to 8 per cent. of 
REA (of which at least 4.5 per cent. must be Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, and at least 6 per cent. must be Tier 1 
capital). In addition to these so-called minimum own funds Pillar 1 requirements (the minimum own funds 
requirements). In addition to the minimum own funds requirements, the CRD Directive (including but not limited 
to Article 104(1)(a) of the CRD Directive) contemplates that competent authorities may require additional “Pillar 2” 
capital to be maintained by an institution relating to elements of risks which are not fully captured by the minimum 
own funds requirements (the additional own funds requirements). In Denmark, the Danish FSA pile the additional 
own funds requirements up on top of the minimum own funds requirements of 8 per cent. as a cushion below the 
combined buffer requirement. The EBA published guidelines on 19th December, 2014 addressed to national 
supervisors on common procedures and methodologies for the supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) 
which contained guidelines proposing a common approach to determining the amount and composition of additional 
own funds requirements. On 19th July, 2018, the EBA published a revised set of SREP guidelines (also including 
guidelines on supervisory stress testing and Pillar 2 Capital Guidance (P2G)). Subject to certain transitional 
arrangements, the revised SREP guidelines have applied since 1st January, 2019.  
A Danish credit institution is required to disclose its additional own funds requirement either twice a year or each 
quarter. Furthermore, any additional own funds requirement laid down by the Danish FSA is required to be published 
on the website of the relevant credit institution. There can also be no assurance as to the manner in which additional 
own funds requirements may be disclosed publicly in the future and under Danish law certain disclosure rules already 
apply.  
The CRD Directive (including but not limited to, Article 128) also introduces capital buffer requirements that are in 
addition to the minimum “own funds” requirements and are required to be met with Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. 
It introduces five new capital buffers (together, the combined buffer requirement): (i) the capital conservation 
buffer, (ii) the institution-specific counter-cyclical buffer, (iii) the global systemically important institutions buffer, 
(iv) the other systemically important institutions buffer and (v) the systemic risk buffer. At the date of this Offering 
Circular no Danish credit institutions have been appointed as a global systemically important institution. The counter-
cyclical buffer requirement will apply in periods of excess lending growth in the economy and can vary for each 
jurisdiction. If a bank does not maintain these buffers, in excess of the 4.5 per cent. CET1 minimum requirement, 
certain restrictions can be imposed, including restrictions on its ability to pay dividends and make other payments. 
The countercyclical capital buffer for Danish exposures was reduced from 1 per cent. to 0 per cent. on 11th March, 
2020 as a result of unrest in the financial markets due to the COVID-19 outbreak. On 23rd March, 2021, the Systemic 
Risk Council published a press release whereby it follows that the Systemic Risk Council expects to recommend an 
increase in the countercyclical capital buffer in the middle of 2021, unless risk build-up slows down considerably or 
there is a new negative shock to the economy. At the date of this Offering Circular, it is not possible to predict the 
future development of the countercyclical capital buffer in Denmark. 
The capital requirements apply to the Issuer on a solo basis and the Group on a consolidated basis. 
In addition, the CRR includes a requirement for credit institutions to calculate, report, monitor and publish their 
leverage ratios, defined as their Tier 1 capital as a percentage of their total exposure measure. Until a minimum 
leverage ratio requirement is implemented in the EU (see “CRR Amendment Regulation and CRD Amendment 
Directive” below), the regulators may apply such measures as they consider appropriate. The risk of excessive 
leverage is addressed as part of the SREP/Pillar 2. 
In addition to the higher capital requirements, the CRR has a stricter criteria for determining the quality of capital that 
may count as Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 capital. Additional Tier 1 Capital must therefore be converted into 
CET1 at a trigger point of 5.125 per cent. of CET1, and Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 capital must have no

--- Page 129 ---
128 
 
incentive to be redeemed before the contractual maturity, which means any capital including step-up structures is not 
accepted as Tier 2 under the CRR. Furthermore, CRR also implies stricter requirements for the calculation of REA. 
The CRR includes grandfathering rules for Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments and Tier 2 instruments issued before 
31st December, 2011. Any Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments or Tier 2 instruments issued after 31st December, 
2011, which are not compliant with CRR will not be eligible for grandfathering under the CRR. The phasing out of 
old Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments and Tier 2 capital instruments eligible for grandfathering are based on a 
stepwise reduction of 20 per cent. in 2014 and subsequent 10 per cent. annual reductions until 31st December, 2021, 
by which point any such capital instruments will have been completely phased out. The grandfathering bucket for 
each of the years from 2014 until 2021 is calculated based on the total nominal amount of outstanding and 
grandfathering compliant Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments and Tier 2 instruments as per 31st December, 2012. 
CRR Amendment Regulation and CRD Amendment Directive 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable 
funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to 
central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements dated 20th May, 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7th June, 2019 
(the CRR Amendment Regulation) and Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council as 
regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, 
supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures dated 20th May, 2019 and published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 7th June, 2019 (the CRD Amendment Directive) introduce, among other 
things, a leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent. Tier 1 Capital, harmonised binding requirement for stable funding 
(the Net Stable Funding Ratio or NSFR) on 100 per cent., strengthening of the conditions for use of internal models 
and changes to the relevant regulator’s application of the institution specific “Pillar 2” capital add-ons (referred to 
above as the additional own funds requirements). According to the CRD Amendment Directive, the additional own 
funds requirement must be fulfilled with at least 56.25 per cent. Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and at least 75 per 
cent. Tier 1 Capital. Furthermore, the CRD Amendment Directive authorises the relevant competent authority to 
require that the institution fulfils its additional own funds requirement with a higher portion of Tier 1 Capital or 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital where necessary (while having regard to the specific circumstances of the relevant 
institution). The CRR Amendment Regulation and CRD Amendment Directive entered into force on 27th June, 2019. 
The date of application of the new rules varies from the date of their entry into force and 12 months to four years after 
their entry into force. According to the Danish BRRDII/CRDV Act, the rules implementing the CRD Amendment 
Directive into Danish law have, with certain exemptions, entered into force on 28th December, 2020.  
Systemically Important Financial Institutions 
In accordance with Section 308 of the Danish Financial Business Act, in June 2014, the DFSA appointed Sydbank to 
be a Danish SIFI. In June 2015, June 2016, June 2017, June 2018, June 2019 and June 2020 Sydbank was re-appointed 
as a SIFI. Institution-specific SIFI buffers (the other systemically important institutions buffer) between 1 and 3 per 
cent. were set according to quantitative SIFI criteria and were phased in gradually from 2015 to 1st January, 2019 for 
the appointed SIFIs. Sydbank is, as of 2021, subject to a SIFI-buffer requirement of 1.0 per cent. Common Equity 
Tier 1 capital. 
Liquidity requirements 
The NSFR is intended to ensure a sound funding structure by promoting an increase in long-dated funding of financial 
institutions. The NSFR stipulates that at all times financial institutions must have stable funding equal to the amount 
of their illiquid assets for one year ahead. The focus of the NSFR is to minimise the duration mismatch in the balance 
sheets of the relevant bank.

--- Page 130 ---
129 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and procedures 
of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext VPS) (together, the 
Clearing Systems) currently in effect. The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been 
obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but none of the Issuer nor any Dealer takes any 
responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are 
advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. None of the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent (nor any other party to the Agency Agreement) or the VPS 
Agent will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account 
of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking Law, a 
“banking organisation” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a “clearing corporation” within the 
meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to Section 17A of 
the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants (Direct Participants) deposit with DTC. DTC also 
facilitates the settlement among Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in 
deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants’ accounts, thereby 
eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers 
and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is owned by a number 
of its Direct Participants and by the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the American Stock Exchange, Inc. and the 
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Access to the DTC System is also available to others such as securities 
brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct 
Participant, either directly or indirectly (Indirect Participants and, together with Direct Participants, Participants). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the Rules), DTC makes 
book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect to Notes 
accepted into DTC’s book-entry settlement system (DTC Notes) as described below and receives and transmits 
distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The Rules are on file with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC Notes (Owners) 
have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-entry transfers and receive and 
transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Notes 
through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the Rules, by virtue of the 
requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will be 
able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive 
a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each DTC Note 
(Beneficial Owner) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participant’s records. Beneficial Owners will 
not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written 
confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or 
Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests 
in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial 
Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except 
in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the name of 
DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of 
Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the 
DTC Notes; DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are 
credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping 
account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect 
Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by 
arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being redeemed, 
DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes. Under its usual procedures, DTC mails 
an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s

--- Page 131 ---
130 
 
consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC Notes are credited on the record 
date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to DTC. DTC’s practice is to credit Direct 
Participants’ accounts on the due date for payment in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC’s 
records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the due date. Payments by Participants 
to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities 
held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name”, and will be the responsibility of such 
Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from 
time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such 
payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial 
Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Enforcement Event under the Notes, DTC will exchange the 
DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with their 
proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A Global Note, will be legended as set 
forth under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any Owner 
desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take actions with 
respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC as described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account holders. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, administration, clearance 
and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established depository and 
custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their 
two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with 
an account holder of either system. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer will apply to DTC in order to have each Tranche of Notes represented by Rule 144A Global Notes accepted 
in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any Rule 144A Global Notes, DTC or its custodian will credit, 
on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented 
by such Rule 144A Global Notes to the accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially 
will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Rule 144A Global 
Note will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect Participants, including the respective depositaries of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Rule 144A Global Note will be shown on, and 
the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect 
to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect 
Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Rule 144A Global Note registered in the name of 
DTC’s nominee will be made to the order of such nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the case of any 
payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC’s 
nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such 
payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Rule 144A Global Notes in the currency in 
which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and 
credited to the applicable Participants’ account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance with 
their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive 
payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants to beneficial owners of Notes 
will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts 
of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Registrar or the Issuer. Payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the 
responsibility of the Issuer.

--- Page 132 ---
131 
 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing 
system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery of 
securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to 
such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because 
DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, 
the ability of a person having an interest in Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note to pledge such Notes to 
persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may 
depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of Notes 
represented by a Rule 144A Global Note to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired if the 
proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through a direct or indirect participant in the DTC 
system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under “Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”, cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one hand, and directly 
or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the 
relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the Principal Paying 
Agent and any custodian (Custodian) with whom the relevant Registered Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC will generally have a 
settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary arrangements for delivery versus 
payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC participants will 
need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is no direct link between 
DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests in the relevant 
Registered Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and the Custodian 
receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the 
interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee. In the case of cross-market 
transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be 
made on a delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements 
for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and accountholders of DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform 
such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, the Agents or 
any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their 
respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and 
procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating 
to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests. 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext VPS) 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext VPS) is a Norwegian public limited liability company which is 
licensed to register financial instruments in Norway in accordance with the Act of 5th July, 2002 no. 64 on the 
Registration of Financial Instruments (the VPS Act). The VPS Act requires that, among other things, all notes and 
bonds issued in Norway shall be registered in Euronext VPS (the VPS Securities). 
From 1st January, 2020, the VPS Act has been repealed and replaced by the Act of 15th March, 2019 no. 6 on Central 
Securities Depositories (the CSD Act), which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 (CSDR) into Norwegian 
law. However, transitional rules have been passed to allow Euronext VPS to operate under the old rules in the VPS 
Act until such time when Euronext VPS is authorised as a central securities depository under the CSD Act/CSDR. 
Euronext VPS is a paperless securities registry and registration of ownership, transfer and other rights to financial 
instruments are evidenced by book entries in the registry. Any issuer of VPS Securities will be required to have an 
account (issuer’s account) where all the VPS Securities are registered in the name of the holder and each holder is 
required to have her/his own account (investor’s account) showing such person’s holding of VPS Securities at any 
time. Both the Issuer and the holder of VPS Notes will, for the purposes of registration in Euronext VPS, have to 
appoint an account operator which will normally be a Norwegian bank or Norwegian investment firm. 
It is possible to register a holding of VPS Securities through a nominee approved by the Financial Supervisory 
Authority of Norway.

--- Page 133 ---
132 
 
TAXATION 
Danish Taxation 
The following is a summary description of the taxation in Denmark of the Notes according to the Danish tax laws in 
force at of the date of this Offering Circular and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and 
application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following assumes that the holder of 
the Notes is the beneficial owner of the Notes and payments thereon. The following summary does not purport to be 
a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or 
dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, 
some of which (such as professional dealers in securities) may be subject to special rules. Potential investors are 
under all circumstances strongly recommended to contact their own tax advisor to clarify the individual consequences 
of their investment, holding and disposal of the Notes. The Issuer makes no representations regarding the tax 
consequences of purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Taxation at source 
Under existing Danish tax laws no general withholding tax or coupon tax will apply to payments of interest or 
principal or other amounts due on the Notes, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt in 
relation to the Issuer as referred to in the Danish Corporation Tax Act (in Danish: Selskabsskatteloven), Consolidated 
Act No. 251 of 22nd February, 2021, as amended from time to time. This will not have any impact on Noteholders 
who are not in a relationship whereby they directly or indirectly control, or are controlled by, the Issuer, or where the 
holders of the Notes and the Issuer are not in a relationship due to joint control by a group of shareholders. 
Resident holders of Notes 
Private individuals, including persons who are engaged in financial trade, companies and similar enterprises resident 
in Denmark for tax purposes or receiving interest on the Notes through their permanent establishment in Denmark 
are liable to pay Danish tax on such interest. 
Capital gains are taxable to individuals and corporate entities in accordance with the Danish Capital Gains Act (in 
Danish: Kursgevinstloven), Consolidated Act No. 1283 of 25th October, 2016, as amended from time to time (the 
Act). Gains and losses on Notes held by corporate entities are generally included in their taxable income in accordance 
with a mark-to-market principle (in Danish: lagerprincippet), i.e. on an unrealised basis. Gains and losses on Notes 
held by individuals are generally included in their taxable income on a realised basis.  The gains and losses will, 
however, only be included in the taxable income if the annual gains or losses on all debt claims, debt denominated in 
foreign currency and investment certificates in bond-based investment fund subject to minimum taxation exceed a 
total of DKK 2,000 (2021 level). 
Gains and losses on Notes which are subject to adjustments on principal or interest as set out in section 29(3) of the 
Act will be taxable on an annual basis in accordance with a mark-to-market principle as further specified in the Act. 
A variety of features regarding interest and principal may apply to the Notes. The applicable taxation of capital gains 
for corporate entities or individuals will depend on the features applicable to the Notes in question. 
Pension funds and other entities governed by the Danish Pension Return Tax Act (in Danish: 
Pensionsafkastbeskatningsloven) would, irrespective of realisation, be taxed on annual value increase or decrease of 
the Notes according to a mark-to-market principle as specifically laid down in the act. 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under existing Danish tax laws, payments of interest or principal amounts to any non-resident holders of Notes are 
not subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt in relation to 
the Issuer as referred to under “Taxation at source” above. Thus, no Danish withholding tax will be payable with 
respect to such payments and any capital gain realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note will not be 
subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt in relation to the 
Issuer as referred to under “Taxation at source” above. 
This tax treatment applies solely to holders of Notes who are not subject to full tax liability in Denmark or included 
in a Danish joint taxation scheme and do not carry on business in Denmark through a permanent establishment to 
which the Notes are allocated. 
FATCA DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a foreign 
financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign 
passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements.  The issuer is 
a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including Denmark) have entered into, 
or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs),

--- Page 134 ---
133 
 
which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in 
effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA 
or an IGA from payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are 
not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior 
to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published 
generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date.  
However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes – Further 
IssuesFurther Issues” or “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes – Further Issues”, as applicable) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are 
subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their 
own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. In the event any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required 
to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14th February, 2013 the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a Directive 
for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and 
Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes should, 
however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party is 
a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution 
may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including 
(a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument 
which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may therefore 
be altered prior to any implementation, the time of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide 
to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 135 ---
134 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 18th June, 2021 (such amended and 
restated programme agreement as further modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Programme Agreement) agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree 
to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”, as applicable. In 
the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection 
with the update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against 
certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
In order to facilitate the offering of any Tranche of the Notes, certain persons participating in the offering of the 
Tranche may engage in transactions that stabilise, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the relevant Notes 
during and after the offering of the Tranche. Specifically such persons may over-allot or create a short position in the 
Notes for their own account by selling more Notes than have been sold to them by the Issuer. Such persons may also 
elect to cover any such short position by purchasing Notes in the open market. In addition, such persons may stabilise 
or maintain the price of the Notes by bidding for or purchasing Notes in the open market and may impose penalty 
bids, under which selling concessions allowed to syndicate members or other broker-dealers participating in the 
offering of the Notes are reclaimed if Notes previously distributed in the offering are repurchased in connection with 
stabilisation transactions or otherwise. The effect of these transactions may be to stabilise or maintain the market 
price of the Notes at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. The imposition of a penalty 
bid may also affect the price of the Notes to the extent that it discourages resales thereof. No representation is made 
as to the magnitude or effect of any such stabilising or other transactions. Such transactions, if commenced, may be 
discontinued at any time. Under UK laws and regulations stabilising activities may only be carried on by the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) and only for a limited period following the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
In the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent 
with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of 
short positions in the securities of the Issuer, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and 
their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to consult legal 
counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note with a 
view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or person wishing to transfer an interest from 
one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will be required to acknowledge, 
represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used 
herein as defined therein): 
(i) 
that either: (a) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account of one or 
more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or (b) it is an Institutional 
Accredited Investor which has delivered an IAI Investment Letter or (c) it is outside the United States and 
is not a U.S. person; 
(ii) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United States 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below; 
(iii) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and either is a person located outside the United 
States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or 
any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so, prior to the date which is two years after the later of the 
last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner 
of such Notes, only (a) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (b) inside the United States to a person whom 
the seller reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 
903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act, (d) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule

--- Page 136 ---
135 
 
144 under the Securities Act (if available) or (e) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 
Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; 
(iv) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of the resale 
restrictions referred to in paragraph (iii) above, if then applicable; 
(v) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Rule 144A Global 
Notes, that Notes offered to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in the form of Definitive IAI Registered 
Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by 
one or more Regulation S Global Notes; 
(vi) 
that the Notes in registered form, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to the 
following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE 
FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT 
(1) IT IS A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS OR (2) IT IS AN 
INSTITUTIONAL “ACCREDITED INVESTOR” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) (AN “INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR”); (B) AGREES 
THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE WHICH IS TWO 
YEARS AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE 
ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH 
SECURITIES OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE 
UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, 
(3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY 
RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND 
ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON 
TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF 
THIS LEGEND. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF 
SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE 
RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS 
SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE 
INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY 
SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO 
ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND 
BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND 
ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT 
ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON)”; 
(vii) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the 
Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance of the Notes), it will 
do so only (a)(i) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or 
(ii) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A and (b) in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities 
laws; and it acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect 
unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED

--- Page 137 ---
136 
 
OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND PURSUANT TO 
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT UNTIL THE EXPIRY OF 
THE PERIOD 40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE NOTES 
OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART, SALES MAY NOT BE MADE IN THE 
UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS UNLESS MADE (I) PURSUANT TO RULE 903 OR 904 OR 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (II) TO QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYERS AS DEFINED IN, AND IN TRANSACTIONS PURSUANT TO, RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT; and 
(viii) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any 
Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion 
with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Institutional Accredited Investors who purchase Registered Notes in definitive form offered and sold in the United 
States in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation D of the Securities Act are required 
to execute and deliver to the Registrar an IAI Investment Letter. Upon execution and delivery of an IAI Investment 
Letter by an Institutional Accredited Investor, Notes will be issued in definitive registered form, see “Form of the 
Notes”. 
The IAI Investment Letter will state, among other things, the following: 
(i) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor has received a copy of the Offering Circular and such other 
information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment decision; 
(ii) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor understands that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is subject to 
certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Offering Circular and the Notes (including those set out 
above) and that it agrees to be bound by, and not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes except in 
compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities Act; 
(iii) 
that, in the normal course of its business, the Institutional Accredited Investor invests in or purchases 
securities similar to the Notes; 
(iv) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is an Institutional Accredited Investor within the meaning of Rule 
501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act and has such knowledge and experience 
in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the 
Notes, and it and any accounts for which it is acting are each able to bear the economic risk of its or any 
such accounts’ investment for an indefinite period of time; 
(v) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its own account or for 
one or more accounts (each of which is an Institutional Accredited Investor) as to each of which it exercises 
sole investment discretion and not with a view to any distribution of the Notes, subject, nevertheless, to the 
understanding that the disposition of its property shall at all times be and remain within its control; and 
(vi) 
that, in the event that the Institutional Accredited Investor purchases Notes, it will acquire Notes having a 
minimum purchase price of at least U.S.$500,000 (or the approximate equivalent in another Specified 
Currency). 
No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign 
currency equivalent) principal amount or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors, U.S.$500,000 (or 
its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Legended Note will be issued in connection with such a sale 
in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf of others, each person for 
whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) or, in the case of sales to 
Institutional Accredited Investors, U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount of Registered 
Notes. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act.

--- Page 138 ---
137 
 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C 
rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S (Regulation S Notes), each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation S Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation 
S Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance 
with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Regulation S Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser of Notes is 
hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be purchased by a QIB 
pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$200,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof in any other currency). To the extent 
that the Issuer is not subject to or does not comply with the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, the Issuer has agreed to 
furnish to holders of Notes and to prospective purchasers designated by such holders, upon request, such information 
as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4). 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering 
Circular as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State, except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Issuer of a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 139 ---
138 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the 
expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer in relation to any Notes includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the final terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression an offer in relation to any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
(b) 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons

--- Page 140 ---
139 
 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue 
of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not Applicable” 
in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual 
in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, 
and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly 
or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 
of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended), or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Kingdom of Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes directly or indirectly in 
the Kingdom of Denmark by way of a public offering, unless in compliance with, as applicable, the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Consolidated Danish Act No. 377 of 2nd April, 2020 on Capital Markets, as amended and Executive 
Orders issued thereunder and Executive Order No. 2092 of 14th December, 2020 to the Danish Financial Business 
Act to the extent applicable. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Offering Circular has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or 
sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Offering Circular or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, 
to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the 
SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or

--- Page 141 ---
140 
 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivative contracts (as defined in Section 2(1) 
of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not 
be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made 
under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 
275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore and a reference 
to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as modified or amended 
from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable at the relevant time. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP 
Regulations 2018, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) 
of the SFA) that all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme are classified as prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products). 
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to such Dealer that the Offering Circular has been 
filed with the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will 
not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway except: 
(a) in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for a total 
consideration to not less than €100,000 per investor, or in respect of Notes whose denomination per unit amounts 
to at least €100,000; 
(b) to “professional investors” as defined in Section 10-6 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29th June, 
2007 no.75; 
(c) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than “professional investors” as defined in section 10-6 of the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29th June, 2007 no.75); or 
(d) in any other circumstances provided that no other such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for the 
registration or the publication by the Issuer of a prospectus pursuant to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act 
of 29th June, 2007. 
Notes denominated in Norwegian Krone (NOK) may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the Kingdom 
of Norway or to or for the benefit of Norwegian purchasers, unless such Notes are registered with the Norwegian 
Central Securities Depository, the Verdipapirsentralen ASA (Euronext VPS) or another securities registry which is 
properly authorised or recognised by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as being entitled to register such 
bonds pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it will 
(to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Offering Circular and 
will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes 
under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, 
offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.

--- Page 142 ---
141 
 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, 
or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 143 ---
142 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The current update of the Programme and the issue of Notes was authorised by resolution of the Board of Directors 
of the Issuer dated 26th May, 2021. 
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of one or more 
Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for 
Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of this Offering Circular to be 
admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. The approval of the Programme 
in respect of the Notes was granted on or about 18th June, 2021. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Offering Circular, copies of: 
(i) 
the articles of association (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer will be available for inspection 
at: 
https://www.sydbank.com/wps/wcm/connect/sydbankcom/616c4ed3-c486-477d-8a41-
f6e1ffb5735b/articles_of_association.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=mGrTonH; and 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the forms of the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Global Notes, 
the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons) will be available for inspection at: 
https://www.sydbank.com/about/investor-relations/financialinformation. 
In addition, copies of this Offering Circular, any supplement to this Offering Circular and each Final Terms relating 
to Notes which are listed on Euronext Dublin will be available on the website of Euronext Dublin. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes in bearer form have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Bearer 
Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In 
addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Notes in registered form to be accepted for trading in book-entry 
form by DTC. The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for each Tranche of Registered Notes, together with the relevant 
ISIN and common code, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of (i) VP Notes, VP is the entity 
in charge of keeping the records, and (ii) VPS Notes, Euronext VPS is the entity in charge of keeping the records. 
The appropriate Common Code, ISIN, VP Identification Number amd/or VPS Identification Number (as applicable) 
for each Tranche of VP Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear or settle through 
an additional or alternative clearing or settlement system (including Sicovam) the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, the address of DTC 
is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States of America, the address of VP is Weidekampsgade 
14, DK-2300 Copenhagen S, Denmark and the address of Euronext VPS is Fred Olsens Gate 1, 0152 Oslo, Norway. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries (the 
Group) since 31st March, 2021 and (save as described in the Issuer’s interim financial statements as of and for the 
three months ended 31st March, 2021, as referred to above and incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular) 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31st December, 2020. 
Litigation 
There has been no governmental legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or 
have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Auditors 
The annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31st December, 2020 and 31st December, 
2019 have, in each case, been audited by Ernst & Young P/S (EY). EY had no material interest in the Issuer while 
they were the auditors of the Issuer.

--- Page 144 ---
143 
 
The auditor of the Issuer has, since 25th March, 2021, been PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC). PwC has no material 
interest in the Issuer. 
Each of EY and PwC is a member of “FSR - Danske Revisorer” (Association of State Authorised Public Accountants). 
Irish Listing Agent 
The Irish Listing Agent is Walkers Listing Services Limited and the address of its registered office is 5th Floor, The 
Exchange, George’s Dock, IFSC, Dublin 1, Ireland. Walkers Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity 
as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to trading 
on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business. The Dealers have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these 
transactions. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued 
under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into 
hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their 
exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of 
the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 145 ---
144 
 
ISSUER 
 
Sydbank A/S 
CVR No DK 1262 6509 
Peberlyk 4 
PO Box 1038 
DK 6200 Aabenraa 
Denmark 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
40th Floor 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR, EXCHANGE AGENT and TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
240 Greenwich Street 
New York 
NY 10286 
United States of America 
 
OTHER PAYING AGENT and TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building-Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
VP AGENT 
VPS AGENT 
Sydbank A/S 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge 
CVR No DK 1262 6509 
Essendrops gate 7 
Peberlyk 4 
NO-0368 Oslo  
PO Box 1038 
Norway 
DK 6200 Aabenraa 
 
Denmark 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to English and United States law 
To the Dealers as to Danish law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Gorrissen Federspiel Advokatpartnerselskab 
One Bishops Square 
Axeltorv 2 
London E1 6AD 
1609 Copenhagen V  
United Kingdom 
Denmark 
 
 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
Tjuvholmen allé 16  
Postboks 1524 Vika, NO-0117  
Oslo 
Norway

--- Page 146 ---
145 
 
AUDITORS 
 
For years ended 31st December, 2020 and 31st 
December, 2019 
For year ended 31st December, 2021 
Ernst & Young P/S 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Godkendt Revisionspartnerselskab  
Dirch Passers Allé 36  
DK-2000 Frederiksberg  
Denmark 
Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab  
Strandvejen 44  
DK-2900 Hellerup  
Denmark 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
51 rue la Boétie 
75009 Paris 
75008 Paris 
France 
France 
 
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
60310 Frankfurt am Main  
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
Germany 
 
 
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George's Dock, IFSC 
Dublin 1 
Ireland