--- Page 1 ---
A43917793 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
SYNGENTA FINANCE N.V. 
(incorporated as a public company with limited liability under the laws of The Netherlands and registered with the trade 
register of the Chamber of Commerce under No. 37131823) 
SYNGENTA FINANCE AG 
(incorporated as a corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) under the laws of Switzerland) 
Guaranteed by 
SYNGENTA AG 
(incorporated as a corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) under the laws of Switzerland) 
U.S. $7,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this U.S.$7,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Syngenta Finance N.V. (“Syngenta Netherlands”) 
and Syngenta Finance AG (“Syngenta Switzerland”) (each, an “Issuer” and, together, the “Issuers”) may from time to time issue notes (the 
“Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
The payment of all amounts due in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Syngenta AG (the “Guarantor”). 
An application has been made to the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) as the Luxembourg competent 
authority for the purpose of the Luxembourg law of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the “Luxembourg Prospectus Law”) and 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) to approve this document as a base prospectus. The CSSF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the Guarantor or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus 
and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF 
assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or 
solvency of either Issuer or the Guarantor in accordance with the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. Pursuant to the Luxembourg Prospectus Law, the 
CSSF is not competent to approve prospectuses for the offering to the public or for the admission to trading on regulated markets of money market 
instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months. 
Application has been made for the Notes, during the period of twelve months after the date hereof, to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended 
(“MiFID II”) of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments. In addition, application may be made to register 
the Programme on the SIX Swiss Exchange.  
This document does not constitute an approved base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of Syngenta Switzerland. 
No Notes issued by Syngenta Switzerland will be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).  
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval until 26 April 2022. The obligation to supplement the 
Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when the Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid. For this purpose, “valid” means valid for making offers to the public or admissions to trading on a regulated market by or with the 
consent of the relevant Issuer and the obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus is only required within its period of validity between the time 
when the Base Prospectus is approved and the closing of the offer period for the Notes or the time when trading on a regulated market begins, 
whichever occurs later. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of each of the 
Issuers and the Guarantor to fulfil its respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. 
Arranger 
Credit Suisse 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS
BofA Securities
Citigroup
Crédit Agricole CIB
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank
HSBC
ING
J.P. Morgan
MUFG 
Santander Corporate & Investment 
Banking
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit Bank
Dated: 26 April 2021

--- Page 2 ---
A43917793 
2 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ................................................................................................................................... 3 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................15 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................................39 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ................................................................................43 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................................44 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................48 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...............................................................................................................................86 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ......................99 
DESCRIPTION OF SYNGENTA FINANCE N.V. .........................................................................................101 
DESCRIPTION OF SYNGENTA FINANCE AG ..........................................................................................103 
DESCRIPTION OF SYNGENTA AG ............................................................................................................105 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS .........................................................................................................................121 
GUARANTEE AND INDEMNITY BY SYNGENTA AG .............................................................................122 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................125 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................131 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................137

--- Page 3 ---
A43917793 
3 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (as defined below) and declares that, to the best of the knowledge of 
each of the Issuers and the Guarantor, the information contained in this document is in accordance with the 
facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to the “Issuer” are to either Syngenta Netherlands or Syngenta Switzerland, 
as the case may be, as the issuer of Notes under the Programme, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (as 
defined below) and references to the “relevant Issuer” shall be construed accordingly. Syngenta AG is referred 
to as the “Guarantor,” and Syngenta AG and its consolidated subsidiaries taken together are referred to as 
“Syngenta” or the “Group”.  
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions”) as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final 
terms (the “Final Terms”) or as supplemented, amended and/or replaced in a separate prospectus specific to 
such Tranche (the “Drawdown Prospectus”) as described under “Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses” 
below. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this 
Base Prospectus to (1) information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus 
and (2) terms being completed by the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
terms being supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Drawdown Prospectus, unless the context 
requires otherwise. This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any amendments or 
supplements hereto and with any information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Series (as 
defined below) of Notes, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee (as defined below) or any Dealer 
to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base 
Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the 
Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme or any Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee 
or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create 
any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or 
the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has 
been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or 
financial or trading position of the Issuers or the Guarantor since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing Notes should make its own independent investigation of the affairs, 
and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor and must determine the 
suitability of an investment in the Notes in light of its own circumstances, based upon its own judgement and 
upon advice from such legal, tax, business and investment advisers as it deems necessary.

--- Page 4 ---
A43917793 
4 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to any 
Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the “Securities Act”) and are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined 
in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: If the Final Terms (or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1)

--- Page 5 ---
A43917793 
5 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: If the Final Terms (or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus is not being distributed, nor has it been approved for the purposes of section 21 of the 
FSMA, by a person authorised under the FSMA. In the UK, this Base Prospectus is being distributed only to, 
and is directed only at, persons (i) having professional experience in matters relating to investments (being 
investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial 
Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the “Financial Promotion Order”)), or (ii) falling within Article 49(2)(a) 
to (d) (“high net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.”) of the Financial Promotion Order (all 
such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). This Base Prospectus must not be acted or 
relied upon by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this Base 
Prospectus relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the 
Trustee, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken 
to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the relevant Issuer 
and the Guarantor. 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of 
the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable 
securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within

--- Page 6 ---
A43917793 
6 
the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for 
particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities 
issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 
33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure 
requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed U.S. $7,500,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another 
currency shall be translated into U.S. dollars at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in 
accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under “Subscription and Sale”))). The 
maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under 
the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a “Member State” are references to a Member 
State of the EEA, references to “U.S.$”, “$”, “U.S. dollars” or “dollars” are to United States dollars, references 
to “CHF” are to Swiss Francs and references to “EUR”, “€”or “euro” are to the single currency introduced at 
the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The Guarantor has been rated BBB- by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Italy Branch (“S&P”), Ba2 by 
Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”) and BBB by Fitch Ratings Ltd (“Fitch”). S&P is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”). Moody’s and Fitch 
are not established in the EEA but the rating it has given to the Guarantor has been endorsed by Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH (in the case of Moody’s) and Fitch Rating Ireland Limited (in the case of Fitch), which is 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
S&P defined BBB- as follows: An obligor rated ‘BBB’ has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. 
However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor’s 
capacity to meet its financial commitments. The ratings from ‘AA’ to ‘CCC’ may be modified by the addition 
of a plus or minus sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories. See: 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-/view/sourceId/504352. 
Moody’s defines Ba2 as follows: Obligations rated ‘Ba’ are judged to be speculative and are subject to 
substantial credit risk. Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to each generic rating classification 
from Aa through Caa. The modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking. See: https://www.moodys.com/ratings-
process/Ratings-Definitions/002002. 
Fitch defines BBB as follows: A ‘BBB’ indicates that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity 
for payment of financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse business or economic conditions are 
more likely to impair this capacity. The modifiers plus or minus may be appended to a rating to denote relative 
status within major rating categories. See: https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued or to the

--- Page 7 ---
A43917793 
7 
Programme. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation.  
Amounts payable under some of the Notes are calculated by reference to the London Interbank Offered Rate 
(“LIBOR”) and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), which are provided by ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (“ICE”) and the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”), respectively. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE (as the administrator of LIBOR) is not 
included in the register of administrators maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. As far as each of the Issuers and the Guarantor is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE (as administrator of LIBOR) is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer: Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the 
future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services 
for the Issuers and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates 
may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers and 
their affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or 
other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers or the Issuers’ 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments.  
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the 
relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
A43917793 
8 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such investor’s 
financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements based on estimates and assumptions. Forward-
looking statements include, among other things, statements concerning the business, future financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects of the Guarantor, including its subsidiaries. These statements usually contain 
the words “believes”, “plans”, “expects”, “anticipates”, “intends”, “estimates” or other similar expressions. For 
each of these statements, you should be aware that forward-looking statements involve known and unknown 
risks and uncertainties. Although it is believed that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking 
statements are reasonable, there is no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated will be 
realised or, even if realised, that they will have the expected effects on the business, financial condition, results 
of operations or prospects of the Guarantor. 
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the statements were made, and no 
obligation has been undertaken to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made in this 
prospectus or elsewhere as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by 
applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 9 ---
A43917793 
9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes 
should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including the documents incorporated 
by reference. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuers: 
Syngenta Finance N.V. 
Syngenta Finance AG 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) Number 
of the Issuers: 
Syngenta Finance N.V.: 54930042S3BYCEGOCN86 
Syngenta Finance AG: 529900N01HMPQ5QK4H13 
Website of the Issuers: 
https://www.syngenta.com/ 
Guarantor: 
Syngenta AG 
LEI Number of the Guarantor  
549300HTOMQG20JYV568 
Website of the Guarantor: 
https://www.syngenta.com/ 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain 
risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of each 
of the Issuers and the Guarantor to fulfil their respective 
obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” 
below. 
Arranger: 
Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited 
Dealers:  
Banco Santander, S.A., BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe 
SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank, Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited, Credit Suisse 
Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A., Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., 
J.P. Morgan AG, Merrill Lynch International, MUFG Securities 
(Europe) N.V., UBS AG London Branch, UniCredit Bank AG 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuers 
and the Guarantor either generally in respect of the Programme 
or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited, appointed 
pursuant to a trust deed dated 26 April 2021 (such trust deed as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the “Trust Deed”), a copy of which will be available for 
inspection (during normal office hours) at the specified offices 
of the Paying Agents and at the registered office of the Trustee. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Applications have been made for Notes to be admitted during the 
period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the 
official list and to trading on the regulated market of the

--- Page 10 ---
A43917793 
10 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Programme also permits 
Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further 
competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems 
as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
Application may also be made to list Notes issued under the 
Programme in accordance with the Standard for bonds on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Clearing Systems:  
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) 
and/or SIX SIS AG (“SIS”) as specified in the Final Terms 
and/or, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing 
system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to U.S. $7,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed 
at any one time. The Issuers and the Guarantor may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue 
date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects save 
that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus: 
Each Tranche will be the subject of a Final Terms or a Drawdown 
Prospectus which, for the purposes of that Tranche only, 
completes (in the case of Final Terms) or supplements, amends 
and/or replaces (in the case of a Drawdown Prospectus) the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and must be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as completed by the relevant Final Terms 
or as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
Forms of Notes:  
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes 
(other than Notes represented by a Swiss Global Note (as defined 
under “Forms of the Notes”)) will initially be in the form of either 
a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note (each as 
defined under “Forms of the Notes”), in each case as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not intended 
to be issued in new global note form (a “Classic Global Note” 
or “CGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be

--- Page 11 ---
A43917793 
11 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and each 
Global Note which is intended to be issued in new global note 
form (a “New Global Note” or “NGN”), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant 
issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D 
Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a 
condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a 
Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in 
respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent Global 
Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance 
with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have 
Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further 
Coupons. 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, Notes 
denominated in Swiss Francs (“Swiss Franc Notes”) will be in 
the form of a Swiss Global Note which will be deposited with 
SIS (as defined under “Forms of the Notes”). Noteholders do not 
have the right to request the delivery of Definitive Notes. 
Currencies:  
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject 
to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. Payments in respect of Notes may, 
subject to such compliance, be made in any currency or 
currencies other than the currency in which such Notes are 
denominated. 
Status of the Notes:  
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. 
Status of the Guarantee of the Notes: 
Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor on an unsubordinated basis. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The price and principal amount of the Notes of any 
Tranche to be issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s) 
at the time of issue in accordance with then prevailing market 
conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity subject, in relation to specific currencies, to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) 
the issue proceeds are received by the relevant Issuer in the UK 
or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the relevant Issuer in the UK, such

--- Page 12 ---
A43917793 
12 
Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable 
to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) 
be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer. 
Redemption:  
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption 
Amount, which shall be at least equal to the nominal amount of 
the Notes, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option 
of the relevant Issuer in whole and/or the Noteholders to the 
extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Change of Control Repurchase: 
Notes may be repurchased before their stated maturity at the 
option of the Noteholders to the extent (if at all) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms following the occurrence of a Change of 
Control Put Event (as defined in the Conditions). 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in “Optional Redemption” above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as described in 
Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method 
of calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the 
maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether the Rate of 
Interest in respect of the Notes may be subject to adjustments 
from time to time if any of Moody’s, S&P or Fitch or, in any 
case, any substitute Rating Agency thereof, downgrades (or 
subsequently upgrades) the rating assigned to the Notes. See 
Condition 9 (Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes 
and Floating Rate Notes). 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) save that 
the minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a 
Member State of the EEA in circumstances which would require 
the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency as at the 
date of issue of the relevant Notes). For Notes admitted to trading

--- Page 13 ---
A43917793 
13 
and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange the specified 
denomination will be CHF 5,000 and multiples thereof. 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, if a Benchmark Event occurs, 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavors to appoint an 
Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 8) to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate, and in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments, 
as further described in Condition 7.  
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described 
in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross-Acceleration and Cross-Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross-acceleration and cross- 
default as described in Condition 14 (Events of Default). 
Taxation: 
Notes issued by Syngenta Netherlands:  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes and 
Coupons by or on behalf of Syngenta Netherlands or the 
Guarantor shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by The Netherlands, in the case 
of payments by Syngenta Netherlands, or Switzerland, in the 
case of payments by the Guarantor, or, in each case, any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having the power 
to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law 
or regulation of The Netherlands or Switzerland or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having the power 
to tax. In that event, Syngenta Netherlands or (as the case may 
be) the Guarantor shall (subject to conditions as provided in 
Condition 13 (Taxation)) pay such additional amounts as will 
result in the receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
of such amounts as would have been received by them if no such 
withholding or deduction had been required. 
Notes issued by Syngenta Switzerland: 
Payment of interest on the Notes and payments which qualify as 
interest for Swiss withholding tax purposes, are currently subject 
to Swiss withholding tax at a rate of 35 per cent., according to 
Article 4 paragraph 1 lit. a of Swiss Federal Withholding Tax 
Law of 13 October 1965. Holders will not be entitled to the 
additional amounts discussed below with respect to any such 
withheld amounts. 
Apart from the above mentioned Swiss withholding tax on 
payment of interest on the Notes and payments which qualify as 
interest for Swiss withholding tax purposes, all payments in 
respect of Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of Syngenta 
Switzerland or the Guarantor shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature

--- Page 14 ---
A43917793 
14 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by Switzerland 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having the power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law or regulation of Switzerland or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having the power 
to tax. In that event, Syngenta Switzerland or (as the case may 
be) the Guarantor shall (subject as provided above and to other 
conditions as provided in Condition 13 (Taxation) as well as 
subject to applicable law) pay such additional amounts as will 
result in the receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
of such amounts as would have been received by them if no such 
withholding or deduction had been required. 
Governing Law:  
English law. 
Enforcement of Notes in Global Form: 
In the case of Global Notes, individual investors’ rights against 
the relevant Issuer will be governed by the Trust Deed. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in 
the United States of America, the EEA, the UK and The 
Netherlands see “Subscription and Sale” below.

--- Page 15 ---
A43917793 
15 
RISK FACTORS 
Investing in the Notes involves certain risks. Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believes that the following 
factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. Each of these 
factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose 
of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent 
in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but each Issuer and the Guarantor may be unable to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes for other reasons which may not be 
considered significant risks by the Issuers and the Guarantor based on information currently available to them 
or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference 
herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The factors described below are presented in categories with the most material risk factor in each category, in 
the assessment of the Issuers and the Guarantor, taking into account the expected magnitude of their negative 
impact and the probability of their occurrence, presented first. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are 
not ranked in order of materiality or probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more 
than one category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
1 
Factors that may affect each Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued by it 
under the Programme 
The Issuers are finance vehicles, with no independent business operations 
The Issuers are finance vehicles whose principal purpose is to provide funding for the general corporate 
purposes of the Guarantor’s operating subsidiaries. Accordingly, the Issuers have no trading assets and do not 
generate trading income. Substantially all of the assets of the Issuers are loans and advances made to other 
members of the Group and accordingly the ability of the Issuers to satisfy obligations in respect of the Notes 
will depend upon payments made to them by other members of the Group in respect of such loans and advances. 
If the Group’s financial condition was to deteriorate, each Issuer, and accordingly investors in the Notes, may 
suffer direct and materially adverse consequences. 
2 
Factors that may affect the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee of 
the Notes 
2.1 
Business and Operational Risks 
The risk of economic, industrial or financial market weaknesses and fluctuations 
Commodity crop prices have historically been volatile and downturns in prices can indirectly affect the 
Group’s results by adversely affecting the income and financial position of the Group’s customers and 
users of the Group’s products. This may result in reduced sales, competitive price pressure in the Group’s 
markets and in slower collection of accounts receivable. These industrial conditions might also impact 
the Group’s suppliers and supply sources. A low availability of credit due to issues in financial markets 
may also limit the amount of business the Group’s customers and suppliers can transact with the Group. 
These occurrences may negatively impact the Group’s business, results of operations or cash flows. 
Because of the high proportion of costs which are fixed in nature, the Group may not be able to 
compensate fully for these effects in the short term through measures such as reducing expenses or 
raising prices.

--- Page 16 ---
A43917793 
16 
Difficulties in the banking sector in the future, or illiquidity in the credit or capital markets may restrict 
the Group’s ability to raise additional funds or increase the cost of such funding. A low availability of 
credit may also limit the amount of business the Group’s customers and suppliers can transact with the 
Group. 
Significant declines in asset prices, discount rates or changes to long-term assumptions may cause 
funding levels in the Group’s externally funded defined benefit pension plans to fall below stipulated 
regulatory levels. This may require the Group to pay additional contributions to restore funding to 
required levels. Each of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results and 
financial position. Please see Notes 2 and 21 to the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Group as at 31 December 2020 and for the year then ended (the “2020 Financial Report”), on pages 29 
to 30 and pages 55 to 61, respectively, of the 2020 Financial Report, incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus, for further information about the Group’s defined benefit pension plans and the 
assumptions used to measure the related pension liabilities. 
The risk of the Group’s customers being unable to pay their debts to the Group due to economic 
conditions  
The Group delivers its products and services, as the case may be, against future payment. The Group’s 
credit terms vary according to local market practice and the respective go-to-market approach, with 
average credit terms across the Group of around 130 to 150 days. Whilst terms in developed markets 
(for example, Western Europe) tend to be shorter (60 to 90 days), credit terms in emerging markets can 
range from 180 days up to one year. Additionally, some credit terms for large distributors in developed 
markets that sell products through bulk programs, can also range to up to one year. This allows 
distributors to carry forward the inventory into the next crop season and the Group to optimise its 
logistics costs. 
The Group’s customers, particularly in developing economies and in economies experiencing an 
economic downturn or other macro events, such as natural disasters, climate change and outbreaks of 
disease, may be exposed to business, political or financial conditions impacting their ability to pay their 
debts, which could adversely affect the Group’s results. The Group uses arrangements to reduce 
customer credit exposure in some markets, but it may still be exposed to risk of material losses from its 
credit exposure in these markets. 
The risk of research and development not leading to commercially viable products 
The Group’s success depends in part on its ability to develop new products and services and other 
innovation activities. Research and development in the agribusiness industry is expensive and prolonged 
and entails considerable uncertainty. The process of developing a novel crop protection product, 
germplasm or seed biotech trait may take ten years or more from discovery through testing and 
registration to initial product launch; this period varies considerably from product to product and country 
to country. Other inventions, including crop nutrition products and digital solutions also require 
substantial funding, time and resources. Because of the stringent product performance and safety criteria 
applied in product development, compounds or biotechnological products currently under development 
may not survive the development process, may be dropped because they are not viewed as commercially 
viable or ultimately fail to receive the requisite regulatory approvals needed to market such products. 
Even when such approvals are obtained, there can be no assurance that a new product, service or digital 
solution will be commercially successful. In addition, speed in discovering, developing and protecting 
new technologies and bringing related products, and services or digital solutions to market is a significant 
competitive advantage and research undertaken by competitors may lead to the launch of competing or 
improved products or digital solutions in advance of competitive Group products or solutions. If the

--- Page 17 ---
A43917793 
17 
Group is unsuccessful in predicting and responding effectively to this competition, its existing, new or 
candidate products or services may become less competitive, and its operating results could be harmed. 
The risk of not efficiently implementing significant organisational changes  
The Group expects to continue to engage in restructuring activities to reduce operating costs, increase 
sales, or both. In addition, the Group may acquire, dispose of or enter into collaborations with significant 
businesses, which could necessitate restructuring its operations. The Group may fail to adequately 
implement such restructuring activities in the manner or timeframe contemplated, which could cause the 
restructuring activities to fail to achieve the desired results partly or fully as scheduled. Even if the Group 
does implement the restructuring activities in the manner and timeframe as contemplated, they may not 
produce the desired results. Accordingly, such restructuring activities may not reduce operating costs or 
increase sales or may impact the Group’s ability to attract and retain key talent. Failure to adequately 
implement significant restructuring activities could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business and consequently impact its financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Please see 
Note 6 on pages 36 to 37 of the 2020 Financial Report, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, 
for information on restructuring activities currently occurring at the Group. 
The risk of potential disruptions to the Group’s business or business relationships given the ultimate 
ownership of the Guarantor by China National Chemical Corporation  
The ultimate ownership of the Guarantor by China National Chemical Corporate (“ChemChina”), a 
Chinese state owned enterprise (“SOE”), may cause certain countries to impose operational restrictions 
on to the Group’s business or business relationships, or otherwise have an adverse impact on it. Such 
operational restrictions may include the requirement for acquisitions or other investments involving US 
assets or businesses to be reviewed by the Committee for Foreign Investment in the United States 
(“CFIUS”) or restrictions in the ability of US government related investors (including state pension 
funds) to invest in Syngenta Group Co. Ltd. (“Syngenta Group”) or any other such affiliate of 
ChemChina in the event of a future initial public offering (“IPO”). 
The transaction agreement entered into as part of the acquisition of the Guarantor by ChemChina dated 
2 February 2016 (the “Transaction Agreement”) requires for the five years after the acquisition or until 
an IPO of the Guarantor, whichever occurs first, that Independent Directors be appointed, who 
collectively have veto rights over certain transactions including any transaction that could lead to the 
Guarantor ceasing to be rated investment grade by more than one of S&P, Moody’s or Fitch. Despite 
this, the Guarantor may pay dividends to or engage in other transactions with ChemChina that could 
lead to a rating downgrade from one or more of these rating agencies. 
Subsequent to the acquisition of the Guarantor by ChemChina, an intermediate non-operational holding 
company, Syngenta Group has been established to hold ChemChina’s interests in the Guarantor, in 
Adama Ltd, another subsidiary of ChemChina, and in the agriculture businesses of Sinochem Group Co. 
Ltd, another Chinese state owned enterprise. Syngenta Group will seek to derive mutual advantages in 
the manufacture, supply and sale of their respective products. While related party transactions between 
these entities are covered by the Transaction Agreement, concerns over the pricing of such related party 
transactions or possible asset transfers between these entities may lead to a ratings downgrade from one 
or more of the rating agencies, as well as other risks which might be associated with related party 
agreements.

--- Page 18 ---
A43917793 
18 
The risk of the rating agencies reviewing the credit rating assigned to the Guarantor in case of a 
reduction of ultimate ownership in the Guarantor by the Government of the People’s Republic of 
China 
A reduction in the percentage of the Guarantor owned ultimately by the Government of the People’s 
Republic of China may cause rating agencies to challenge the support of the Government of the People’s 
Republic of China to the Guarantor and may lead one or more agencies to review the credit rating 
assigned to the Guarantor, even when the proceeds of such a sale are used to reduce debt in ChemChina 
or the Syngenta Group. 
The risk of participating in an industry that is highly competitive and undergoing consolidation 
In most segments of the markets, in which the Group operates, the number of products available to 
growers is regularly increasing. At the same time, certain products are coming off patent and are thus 
available to generic manufacturers for production and commercialisation. As a result, the Group 
anticipates that it will continue to face significant competitive challenges which may impact its results. 
The agribusiness industry has undergone consolidation, and further consolidation is ongoing, such as the 
acquisition of Monsanto Co by Bayer AG and the merger of the crop protection and seeds businesses of 
El du Pont de Nemours & Co and The Dow Chemical Co to form Corteva. Such combinations could 
result in intensified competition for the Group. If the Group is not able to continue expanding its own 
resources either through acquisitions, joint ventures or partnerships including those following the 
formation of the Syngenta Group, its competitive position could suffer. In the future, the Group may not 
be able to find suitable companies to combine with, assets to purchase or joint venture or partnership 
opportunities to pursue in order to increase the competitiveness of its offering. Even if the Group is able 
to identify desirable opportunities, it may not be able to enter into transactions on economically 
acceptable terms, and further strategic transactions may result in additional borrowings by the Group. 
The risk of a decline in agricultural production 
Industrial conditions in the United States, Europe, India, Brazil, China and other global agricultural areas 
significantly impact the Group’s operating results. Agricultural planted areas and production can be 
affected by a number of factors, including weather patterns and field conditions, current and projected 
grain inventories and prices, crop disease and/or livestock disease, demand for agricultural products and 
governmental policies regarding production of, or trade in, agricultural products. These factors are 
outside of the Group’s control. 
The risk of conducting business in high-risk countries with immature economic and trade structures 
The Group conducts business in many countries around the world, some of which have immature 
economic and trade structures, are subject to a high level of political or economic instability, or are 
subject to corruption or other illegal activities that could impact the Group’s ability to continue to operate 
there. Acts of terror, war or civil unrest may impede the Group’s ability to operate in particular countries 
or regions and may impede the flow of goods and services between countries. Such political and 
economic instability, especially if further escalated, may have an adverse effect on the Group’s business. 
The risk of maintaining a single supplier approach for some raw materials, which may affect its ability 
to obtain sufficient amounts of those materials  
There are a number of instances where the Group has entered into single source supply contracts or 
where the Group routinely makes spot purchases from a single supplier in respect of active ingredients, 
intermediates or raw materials for certain important products. Such single supplier arrangements 
accounted for a substantial portion of the Group’s purchases of active ingredients, intermediates and raw

--- Page 19 ---
A43917793 
19 
materials used in crop protection products, as determined by cost. The Group’s ability to obtain sufficient 
amounts of those materials may be adversely affected by the unforeseen loss of a supplier or from a 
supplier’s inability to meet its supply obligations. The percentage of single supplier arrangements could 
increase in the future if consolidation were to occur among multiple supply sources. 
The Group also has contracts with a number of suppliers for services, including information technology, 
facilities and fleet management, logistics, telecommunications and finance transaction processing. The 
sudden failure by one of these service providers to meet its obligations, and in particular to deliver timely 
and high quality services, could prove disruptive to normal operations for a protracted period and 
adversely impact the Group’s financial results. The failure of suppliers to operate in an ethical manner 
could adversely impact the Group’s reputation both internally and externally or result in non-compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations. 
The risk of outsourcing production, supply and logistics services to third parties 
The Group outsources certain of its production, supply and logistics services to third parties and the 
performance of such vendors may affect the Group’s ability to supply all of its product needs (such as  
raw materials required to manufacture crop protection products). In certain instances there is advantage 
to the Group in outsourcing such activities to third parties. Failures or interruptions in such third party 
vendors meeting their production, supply and logistics obligations as a result of internal issues, or 
market, financial, industrial or other conditions could have an impact on the Group’s ability to conduct 
its business.  
The risk of the sales channels 
The Group sells portions of its products and services through intermediary entities in many instances 
and the performance of such intermediaries impacts the Group’s business. The Group sells its products 
and services through many different sales channels; these channels sometimes include the use of sales 
distributors, retailers, wholesalers, commissionaires, third parties, licensees, producers and other 
intermediaries. Failures or interruptions by such intermediaries or the loss of such intermediaries could 
have an impact on the Group’s ability to conduct its business and its financial results.  Consolidation is 
also occurring in the Group’s sales channels. Such consolidation will put additional pressure on the 
Group and its sales reach and profitability should it lose sales channel partners. 
The risk of conducting business in over 90 countries around the world, including in certain high-risk 
countries, some of which have been identified by the U.S. government as state sponsors of terrorism.  
The Group conducts business in 90 countries around the world, some of which are subject to a high level 
of political or economic instability that could impact the Group’s ability to continue to operate there. 
Acts of terror, war or civil unrest may impede the Group’s ability to operate in particular countries or 
regions and may impede the flow of goods and services between countries. Sanctions could be imposed 
by the U.S. or other nations on countries deemed to be in violation of international protocols, which 
could impact the Group’s business operations in the sanctioned countries. 
The Group has minor operations in Iran (namely, a commercial representation office in Iran which is a 
representative office of Syngenta Agro AG and a locally registered limited liability company in Iran, 
Syngenta (Iran) PJSC) and in Cuba (a commercial representation office which is a representative office 
of Syngenta Iberoamericana AG), which currently are identified by the U.S. government as state 
sponsors of terrorism. The Group also has operations in Sudan with a representative local marketing 
support and technical advisory service office. Sudan has been deleted from the list of the state sponsors 
of terrorism. The Group’s operations in these countries are quantitatively immaterial and furthermore, 
the Group’s business in sanctioned countries is legal and in accordance with the international sanctions

--- Page 20 ---
A43917793 
20 
operations. However, certain investors may choose not to hold investments in companies that have 
operations of any size in these countries and several U.S. states have enacted, and others may in the 
future enact, legislation requiring public entities with investments in companies with operations in these 
countries to disclose this fact or in some cases to divest these investments. 
The risk of escalating worldwide political, economic and trade tensions, including between the United 
States and China, may adversely impact the Group’s business, financial condition and operating 
results.  
Political, economic and trade policy uncertainty may result in global trade instability. Rising 
protectionism and anti-globalisation sentiment in many countries, including the United States, countries 
in the EU and China and other countries may lead to slower global growth and could adversely affect 
business investment, global trade and capital flows and global supply chains, which in turn could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operation. 
The Group’s business could be especially impacted through the imposition of additional restrictions, 
expenses relating to international trade or sanctions impacting it or targeting the markets in which it 
operates. These could include the imposition of tariffs, duties, quotas or other non-tariff barriers, 
export/import restrictions, changes to foreign investment rules and mandatory property divestments, and 
any similar retaliatory measures. Should such actions occur, they could be particularly detrimental to the 
extent they impact Syngenta’s reputation, its ability to buy and sell its products, and/or its existing legal 
and financial arrangements (including credit agreements). Any such additional restrictions, sanctions or 
expenses could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operation. 
Tensions between the U.S. and China relating to ongoing trade disputes, are of particular relevance to 
Syngenta given ChemChina’s ultimate ownership of the Guarantor.  Significant uncertainty remains over 
whether resolutions to these trade and political disputes can be found and/or implemented in the near 
future or at all, or indeed whether there will be a further escalation of existing tensions. Any 
aforementioned trading restrictions, expenses or sanctions that might be imposed as a result of these 
tensions could have a material adverse effect on Syngenta’s business, financial condition and results of 
operation. 
Risk associated with the issuance by the President of the United States of America of an Executive 
Order prohibiting US investors from acquiring and owning publicly traded securities in “Communist 
Chinese military companies” 
On 28 August 2020, the U.S. Department of Defense added ChemChina, which indirectly owns 100 per 
cent of the equity of the Guarantor, to the list of “Communist Chinese military companies operating 
directly or indirectly in the United States” (“the Department of Defense list”). On 12 November 2020, 
the President of the United States of America issued an Executive Order prohibiting, with effective date 
11 January 2021, US investors from acquiring and owning publicly traded securities in “Communist 
Chinese military companies” which are part of the Department of Defense List and requiring US 
investors to divest existing investments in such securities by 11 November 2021. As noted above, 
ChemChina has been included in the Department of Defense List. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor 
nor any Syngenta entity have been included on this list as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are not

--- Page 21 ---
A43917793 
21 
automatically included because ChemChina is listed. Further companies and subsidiaries of companies 
on the list can be added subsequently, with prohibition coming into force 60 days after inclusion.   
If Syngenta were to be added to the list of companies covered by the U.S. Executive Order issued on 12 
November 2020, then US investors may not be able to acquire securities of Syngenta and may be 
required to sell their holdings. 
The risk of non-compliance with data privacy 
The Group generates and processes data, including personal and business data of third parties, including 
its customers, and the improper collection, hosting, use or disclosure of data could harm the Group’s 
reputation and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business. The inability to effectively back- 
up and restore data could lead to permanent loss of data, resulting in non-compliance with applicable 
laws and regulations and otherwise harming the Group’s business. The European General Data 
Protection Regulation (GDPR) (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) has created a range of compliance 
obligations and increased the financial penalties for non-compliance. Additional privacy laws and 
regulations have been enacted in other jurisdictions. These data protection regulations require the Group 
to solidify its data protection framework, control and security to protect data subject rights. Data 
protection laws not only require companies in scope to thoroughly revisit and ramp-up their data 
protection framework (including policies, organisation and technology), it increases the vulnerability of 
the Group and other companies against unfounded litigation claims aiming for substantive settlements, 
regulatory investigations, penalties or actions against the Group and negative publicity that could result 
in loss of consumer, business and partner confidence or trust in the Group’s business. Similar data 
protections laws with similar risks have been enacted in other jurisdictions.  
The complexity and operational costs of complying with multiple applicable laws and regulations 
relating to the collection, use, storage, transfer, disclosure and security of personal data, including 
requests from data subjects and compliance requirements in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations will likely continue to increase for the Group. 
The risk of losing key personnel and failing to attract and retain key personnel 
The Group depends upon the ability and experience of a number of its executive management and other 
key personnel who have substantial experience with its operations, the chemicals and chemical 
distribution industries, distribution and the seeds industry and the selected markets in which it operates. 
The loss of the services of one or a combination of the Group’s senior executives or key employees could 
have a material adverse effect on its results of operations. The Group’s business might be further 
adversely impacted if any of its senior executives or key employees is hired by a competitor. The Group’s 
success also depends on its ability to create an inclusive work environment, integrate new personnel, 
and continue to attract, manage and retain other qualified management, technical, production, 
administrative and commercial personnel. The Group may not be able to continue to attract or retain 
necessary personnel in the future. Failure to engage effectively with its employees could lead to business 
disruptions in the Group’s day-to-day operations, reduce levels of productivity and increase levels of 
voluntary turnover, all of which could impact the Group’s operations and financial results. 
The risk of data security breaches and information system disruptions 
Significant breaches of data security, internally or externally, or disruptions of information technology 
systems could adversely affect the Group’s business. The Group’s business is dependent on critical, 
complex and interdependent information technology systems, including internet-based systems, to 
support business processes as well as internal and external communications. The Group also generates 
and processes data, including agronomical data, personal and business data relating to its customers and

--- Page 22 ---
A43917793 
22 
other third parties. The size and complexity of the Group’s Information and Communication 
Technologies and digital tools for customers (collectively “ICT”) systems make them potentially 
vulnerable to attacks and data security breaches, including cybersecurity incidents by third parties or 
deliberate or inadvertent actions by employees or suppliers, which may result in unauthorised persons 
accessing sensitive data or authorized individuals wrongfully misappropriating such data. Failure to 
prevent such unauthorized or improper activities could result in claims or penalties, business disruption, 
delays in activities and reputational damage. Further, such data security breaches, or misappropriations 
could lead to the loss of trade secrets and confidential business information. In addition, the Group’s ICT 
systems are potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses, which could 
disrupt production, order processing and shipping, cash receipts and disbursement processes, accounting 
and reporting processes, or other key business processes. To date, the Group has not experienced any 
material financial impact, changes in the competitive environment or business operations that it 
attributes to these attacks, however, it is not possible to predict the likelihood or size of the impact of 
future incidents. The Group actively manages the risks within its control that could lead to business 
disruptions and security breaches. As these threats continue to evolve, particularly around cybersecurity, 
the Group may be required to invest significant resources to enhance its control environment, processes, 
practices and other protective measures. Despite these efforts, such events and a loss of trade secrets or 
confidential business information, or systems-related disruption could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
Confidential and competitively sensitive information of the Group is also disclosed to third parties as 
part of the ordinary course of its business, including information provided to vendors under servicing 
contracts. Such third parties which possess the Group’s information could suffer the same types of losses 
or misappropriations as suffered by the Group in its ICT. Such losses or misappropriations could result 
in claims, penalties or losses to the Group. Suppliers, intermediaries, or other third parties which the 
Group works with and rely on may also have information and communication technologies that could 
be vulnerable to breakdowns, attacks, data security breaches, viruses, or other cybersecurity incidences 
from third parties. In the event of such cybersecurity incidences, there is a possibility that this could lead 
to business or operational disruptions for the Group and as a result, a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business or financial position.  
The risk of making acquisitions, ventures and strategic investments 
The Group has made and will in the future make acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses or 
companies (including strategic partnerships or ventures with other companies). Acquisitions or 
investments have involved in the past and will involve in the future various risks which could impact 
the Group’s results, including: integrating the operations, systems and personnel of any acquired 
business, including issues with integration of different company cultures and standards such as the Code 
of Conduct or health and safety; the potential disruption of the Group’s ongoing business, including the 
diversion of management attention; the possible inability to reach the desired financial and strategic 
benefits from the acquisition or investment; customer attrition arising from preferences to maintain 
redundant sources of supply; supplier attrition arising from overlapping or competitive products; 
assumption of direct, contingent or unanticipated liabilities, including litigation, or regulatory and 
compliance liabilities; assumption of environmental risks; failure of the seller of the acquired business 
to deliver title to the acquired assets or equity, comply with the terms of the purchase agreement or to 
conduct fraudulent activities; foreign investment restrictions or related regulatory risks; dependence on 
the retention and performance of existing management and key personnel of acquired businesses for the 
future performance of these businesses; regulatory risks associated with acquired businesses (including 
the risk that we may be required for regulatory reasons to dispose of a portion of the Group’s existing or

--- Page 23 ---
A43917793 
23 
acquired businesses); and the risks inherent in entering geographic or product markets in which we have 
limited prior experience. 
Future acquisitions and investments may need to be financed in part through additional financing from 
banks, through public offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities or through other 
arrangements and could result in substantial cash expenditures. The necessary acquisition financing may 
not be available to the Group on acceptable terms if and when required, particularly because the Group’s 
current high leverage may make it difficult or impossible for us to secure additional financing for 
acquisitions. 
To the extent that the Group makes acquisitions that result in the Group recording significant goodwill 
or other intangible assets, the requirement to review goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment 
periodically may result in impairments that could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial 
condition and results of operations. 
In connection with any acquisitions or ventures, the Group may acquire or inherit liabilities or defects 
such as legal claims, including but not limited to third-party liability and other tort claims; claims for 
breach of contract; employment-related claims; environmental liabilities, conditions or damage; 
permitting, regulatory or other compliance with law issues; hazardous materials or liability for hazardous 
materials; or tax liabilities. If the Group acquires any of these liabilities, and they are not adequately 
covered by insurance or an enforceable indemnity or similar agreement from a creditworthy 
counterparty, it may be responsible for significant losses, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenditures. 
These liabilities, if they materialise, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations.  
The performance of the acquired business or issues within an acquired business may also impact the 
value of the investment in such acquired business. In connection with mergers or joint ventures, in 
addition to those mentioned related to acquisitions, the Group may incur risks associated with the 
performance of any joint venture or shareholders’ agreement, risk associated with the governance of the 
merged entity or joint venture and risks associated with disagreements among the partners or co-owners 
of the merged entity or joint venture. In connection with any divestitures, the Group may incur liabilities 
for breaches of representations and warranties or failure to comply with operating covenants under any 
agreement for a divestiture. In addition, the Group may indemnify a counterparty in a divestiture for 
certain liabilities of the subsidiary or operations subject to the divestiture transaction. These liabilities, 
if they materialise, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The risk of theft, misuse and counterfeiting of products 
The Group has taken necessary precautions to prevent the counterfeiting and misuse of its products and 
co-operates actively with authorities worldwide to address product-related criminal activity. The Group 
may be however exposed to reputational risks due to theft, misuse and counterfeiting of its products as 
illegal trading of products has become more sophisticated and an increased practice and such practices 
may weaken its competitiveness and negatively impact is business performance. 
The risk of consumer and government resistance to biotech traits, biotech seeds, new breeding 
technologies and synthetic chemicals 
Consumer and government resistance to biotech traits, biotech seeds, new breeding technologies and 
synthetic chemicals may negatively affect the Group’s public image and reduce sales. The high public 
profile of biotechnology and lack of consumer acceptance of products to which the Group has devoted 
substantial resources could negatively affect its public image and results. The current unfounded

--- Page 24 ---
A43917793 
24 
resistance from NGOs and consumer groups, particularly in Europe, to products derived from 
biotechnology, because of concerns over their effects on food safety and the environment, may spread 
to and influence the acceptance of products developed through biotechnology in other regions of the 
world, which could limit the commercial opportunities to exploit biotechnology. The potential for low-
level or adventitious presence of biotech traits in conventional or organic crops or the presence of 
residual levels of products on produce are additional factors that may also affect consumer acceptance 
of biotechnology. 
The Group also produces and markets crop protection chemical products, some of which are facing 
increasing resistance from NGOs, regulators and consumer groups because of unfounded concerns over 
their alleged effects on food safety and the environment. These NGOs and consumer groups frequently 
attempt to influence and, in some cases, litigate against governmental regulatory bodies to restrict the 
use of crop protection chemical products and biotech seeds and traits in their jurisdictions. Actions by 
NGOs, consumer groups and others may disrupt production and marketing of certain crop protection 
chemicals or seeds (treated and untreated). Some government authorities have refused to grant 
registrations to some of the products sold by the Group or have withdrawn registrations for some of such 
products. These actions have been more common recently, particularly in European jurisdictions. Such 
product regulatory actions do impact the Group’s financial performance, and would likely impact the 
Group and its financial performance in the future. Some governmental authorities might also enact, 
regulations and legislation regarding crop protection chemicals and biotechnology which may delay and 
limit or even prohibit the use, application or sale of such products. 
The risk of increasing use of social media platforms 
The Group increasingly relies on social media, new technologies and digital tools to communicate about 
its products, its sustainability efforts and to engage with its stakeholders. The use of these medias 
requires specific attention, monitoring programs and moderation of comments. Unauthorized 
communications, such as press releases or posts on social media, purported to be issued by the Group, 
may contain information that is false or otherwise damaging and could have an adverse impact on the 
Group’s image or reputation. Negative or inaccurate posts or comments about the Group, its business, 
directors or officers on any social networking website could seriously damage its reputation. In addition, 
the Group’s employees and partners may use social media and mobile technologies inappropriately, 
which may give rise to liability for the Group, or which could lead to breaches of data security, loss of 
trade secrets or intellectual property or public disclosure of sensitive information. Such uses of social 
media and mobile technologies could have an adverse effect on the Group’s reputation, business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The risk of dealing with complicated governmental regulatory policies on agriculture products and 
the industry 
The complicated regulatory environment for the Group products has resulted in different governmental 
entities taking different views on some of the Group products or addressing the registrations of the Group 
products at different times. In some instances, for example, regulatory data in one jurisdiction may not 
be accepted in another jurisdiction. These inconsistent regulatory actions and asynchronous approvals 
have caused the Group to suffer claims, losses and penalties in the past and could result in such claims, 
losses or penalties in the future. 
Governmental policies and actions in the agriculture industry other than product regulatory actions have 
also had an impact on the Group’s business in the past and will have an impact in the future. These 
governmental actions include farm and biofuel subsidies as well as commodity support programs and 
tariffs. It is difficult to predict accurately whether and if so when, such changes will occur. Such actions

--- Page 25 ---
A43917793 
25 
would have direct financial impact on the Group, but also indirect impact as they might reduce the 
number of acres planted, affect the mix of crops planted, or drive a shift away from crops which are 
relevant for the Group. The Group expects that the policies of governments and international 
organisations will continue to affect the income available to growers to purchase input products for 
agriculture. 
2.2 
Financial and Tax Risks  
The risk of insufficient cashflow for capital expenditures, debt servicing and acquisition financing 
due to cashflow being tied up in working capital 
The Group requires significant working capital to purchase chemicals from chemical producers and 
distributors and to sell those chemicals efficiently and profitably to its customers. The Group’s working 
capital needs also increase at certain times of the year, as its customers’ requirements for chemicals 
increase. For example, the Group’s customers in the agricultural sector require significant deliveries of 
chemicals within a growing season that can be very short and depend on weather patterns in a given 
year. The Group needs inventory on hand to have product available to ensure timely delivery to its 
customers. If the Group’s working capital requirements increase and the Group is unable to finance its 
working capital on terms and conditions acceptable to it, the Group may not be able to obtain chemicals 
to respond to customer demand, which could result in a loss of sales. 
In addition, the amount of working capital the Group requires to run its business is expected to increase 
in the future due to expansions in its business activities. If the Group’s working capital needs increase, 
the amount of free cash it has at its disposal to devote to other uses will decrease. A decrease in free cash 
could, among other things, limit the Group’s flexibility, including the Group’s ability to make capital 
expenditures and to acquire suitable acquisition targets that it has identified. If increases in the Group’s 
working capital occur and have the effect of decreasing free cash, it could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The risk of failing to comply with restrictive covenants in the Group credit facilities  
The Group’s credit facilities contain restrictive financial and other covenants that affect and, in some 
cases, significantly limit or prohibit, among other things, the manner in which the Group may structure 
or operate its business, including restrictions on mergers, restrictions on disposals and acquisitions, 
negative pledge covenants, restrictions on incurring financial indebtedness and restrictions on loans and 
guarantees, subject to agreed exceptions, including that certain of such covenants do not apply for so 
long as the Guarantor maintains an investment grade credit rating from two of three specified rating 
agencies. 
A breach of the covenants under the Group’s credit facilities could result in an event of default, which 
may allow creditors to accelerate the repayment of indebtedness. In addition, the credit facilities contain 
cross-acceleration provisions, which are, subject to certain thresholds, triggered when any of the Group’s 
other financial indebtedness is not paid when due or is declared to be, or otherwise becomes, due and 
payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default. Without waivers from the relevant 
lenders, any such default could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial position and 
results of operations. 
The risk of an increase in the Group’s group tax rate 
The effective tax rate on the Group’s earnings depends largely on the mix of business activities and 
consequent taxable profit in countries in which the Group operates. The Group benefits from the fact 
that a portion of its earnings is taxed at more favourable rates in some jurisdictions outside Switzerland. 
Future changes in the mix of business activities, or in tax laws or their application with respect to matters

--- Page 26 ---
A43917793 
26 
such as transfer pricing, intra-group dividends, controlled companies or a restriction in tax relief allowed 
on the interest on intra-group debt, could increase the Group’s effective tax rate and adversely affect its 
financial results. Governments following the release of OECD catalogue of recommended actions under 
the BEPS initiative (Base Erosion and Profit Shifting) are expected to increasingly require companies to 
provide greater transparency on the allocation of taxable profits, including the further development of 
multilateral standards on automatic exchange of information, profit allocation and minimal taxation 
requirements. These developments may lead governments to restrict or disallow currently legitimate and 
accepted tax planning strategies and may result in an increase in the Group’s effective tax rate. The 
Group has several open tax years in many jurisdictions, where tax calculations and payments may be 
subject to adjustment. 
The risk of impairment loss of goodwill and intangible assets 
The Group carries significant goodwill and intangible assets on its consolidated balance sheet. As of 31 
December 2020, the Group’s goodwill and other intangible assets totalled U.S. $2,500 million and U.S. 
$2,627 million, respectively. The Group may also recognise additional goodwill in connection with 
future business acquisitions and additional intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised, but is tested 
annually for impairment using a value-in-use approach and is also reviewed at each interim and annual 
reporting date to determine whether conditions changed since the most recent review or annual test. The 
identification and measurement of impairment requires judgment and involves the use of significant 
estimates and assumptions by management. The Group’s estimates of future cash flows may differ from 
actual cash flows that are subsequently realised due to many factors, including future worldwide 
economic conditions and the expected benefits of its initiatives, among other things. Intangible assets 
are amortised for book purposes over their respective useful lives and are tested for impairment if any 
event occurs or circumstances change that indicates that carrying value may not be recoverable. Upon 
completing its testing for 2020, which included subjecting the assumptions used in the testing to a 
sensitivity analysis, the Group recorded impairments of intangible assets totalling U.S. $82 million. 
Otherwise, the Group has concluded that no material intangible assets were impaired at 31 December 
2020. See Note 2 on pages 27 to 28 of the 2020 Financial Report, incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. If the Group’s goodwill and intangible assets become impaired, it could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
The risk of currency exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations 
The Group reports its results in U.S. dollars; however, a substantial portion of sales and costs are 
denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in the values of these currencies, 
especially in the U.S. dollar against the Swiss franc, British pound, Euro and Brazilian real, can have a 
material impact on the Group’s financial results. Also, an increasing amount of the Group’s sales are in 
emerging markets, where currency exchange rates can be volatile and where hedging products are 
expensive or of limited availability. Fluctuations in these emerging market countries’ exchange rates 
against the U.S. dollar may adversely impact the Group’s results through recognition of currency losses. 
The Group is impacted indirectly, through its purchases of raw materials, by fluctuations in oil prices 
and directly by fluctuations in crop prices, where the Group purchases seeds from contract growers. The 
Group generally seeks to pass through in its sales prices the impact of increases in these commodity 
prices. However, the risk exists that future commodity price increases may not be able to be passed 
through in sales prices in this manner, which would reduce profit margin and could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
Hedging, even where possible at an economic cost, is generally only able to delay the impact of currency 
exchange rate fluctuations or commodity price changes.

--- Page 27 ---
A43917793 
27 
2.3 
Political, Legal and Regulatory Risks 
The risk that the Group may not be able to obtain or maintain the necessary regulatory approvals for 
some of its products, which could restrict its ability to sell those products in some markets  
In order to be marketed the Group’s products must receive regulatory approval through increasingly 
complex regulatory systems. In most markets, including China, the United States and the European 
Union, crop protection products must be registered after being tested for safety, efficacy and 
environmental impact. In addition, in many markets the Group must periodically re-register its crop 
protection products and show that they meet all current standards, which may have become more 
stringent since the prior registration. Each regulatory authority may impose its own requirements and 
may also delay or refuse to grant approval even though a Group product may have already been approved 
in other jurisdictions. The Group may also face the risk of residual levels of its products appearing on 
produce which is shipped to countries which regulate the maximum levels of such products. 
In addition, for biotech seeds products containing biotech traits or developed using new breeding 
techniques (collectively “biotech seeds”), asynchronous regulatory approvals may influence the Group’s 
ability to sell those biotech seeds in countries where cultivation has been approved if import approval 
for the produce from those biotech seeds has not been approved in key import markets. Sales of biotech 
seeds without having import approval for those traits or new breeding techniques could lead to market 
or trade disruption relating to the produce from such seeds for which the Group has faced and may face 
claims of potential liability. For conventional seed products the Group must demonstrate that new plant 
varieties are novel, distinct, uniform, and stable to achieve registration in many markets, including 
China, and additionally demonstrate better than existing varieties to achieve registration in the European 
Union. The detection of low-level presence of biotech traits in conventional seed where biotech traits 
are not approved, could result in problems of seed availability or compliance actions such as crop 
destruction, claims or product recalls. Such actions could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, and the failure to receive or maintain the necessary registrations could also impact the Group’s 
operating results and financial position, including the value of intangible assets. 
The risk that adverse outcomes in legal proceedings could subject the Group to substantial damages 
The Group has been and is involved in claims or lawsuits concerning product liability, intellectual 
property, biotechnology, products regulation, commercial matters, torts, contracts, antitrust allegations, 
employment matters, environmental matters and other matters, as well as governmental inquiries and 
investigations. The Group cannot reliably estimate the outcomes of such matters and neither can the 
Group reasonably estimate the magnitude of future claims, lawsuits or governmental inquiries and 
investigations. Pending and future lawsuits and governmental claims, inquiries and investigations may 
have outcomes that may significantly impact the Group’s results of operations, incur significant costs 
including legal costs to defend even if the Group eventually prevails, harm the Group’s reputation, 
impact demand of the Group’s products or services, or limit the Group’s ability to engage in its business 
activities. 
In addition, product liability, personal injury and other claims are a commercial and reputational risk for 
the Group, particularly as it is involved in the supply of chemical products which might be alleged to be 
harmful to humans and the environment. Courts have levied substantial damages in the United States 
and elsewhere against a number of companies in the agribusiness industry in past years based upon 
claims for injuries allegedly caused by the use of their products. The Group has recorded reserves for 
potential liabilities where it believes the liability to be probable and reasonably estimable. However, 
actual costs may be materially different from this estimate. The degree to which the Group may 
ultimately be held responsible for the particular matters reflected in the reserve is uncertain. While a

--- Page 28 ---
A43917793 
28 
global insurance program is in place, a substantial product liability, personal injury claim or other legal 
proceeding that is not covered fully or at all by insurance could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s operating results or financial condition. 
For further information regarding claims against the Group, see section “General Information – 
Litigation” as well as Note 19 on pages 51 to 53 of the 2020 Financial Report, incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Changes in agricultural and certain other policies of governments and international organisations 
may prove unfavourable 
In many markets there are various pressures to reduce subsidies to growers, which may inhibit the growth 
in these markets of products used in agriculture. In addition, changes in governmental policies that 
impact agriculture may similarly inhibit the growth of markets for products used in agriculture. However, 
it is difficult to predict accurately whether, and if so when, such changes will occur. The Guarantor 
expects that the policies of governments and international organisations will continue to affect the 
income available to growers to purchase products used in agriculture and, accordingly, the operating 
results of the agribusiness industry.  
Risk that efforts by the Group to protect or enforce its intellectual property rights from theft, misuse 
and counterfeiting or defend its intellectual property rights against claims asserting that the Group 
has infringed the intellectual property rights of others may be unsuccessful 
Scientific and technological innovation is critical to the long-term success of the Group’s businesses. 
Typically, products protected by such rights generate higher revenues than those not so protected. The 
Group’s ability to obtain, maintain, defend and enforce patents, plant variety protections and other 
intellectual property rights in relation to its products is an important element of its ability to protect and 
recoup its investment in R&D and create long-term value for the business. The Group seeks to obtain 
and protect intellectual property rights in jurisdictions where the Group’s products are produced, used 
or imported, through registrations of patents, plant varieties and trademarks, trade secret protections, and 
other means such as regulatory data protection. The Group also seeks to prevent the counterfeiting, 
diversion of products, infringement and misuse of its intellectual property, products and brands and co-
operates actively with authorities worldwide to address product-related criminal activity.  
Despite these protections, the Group cannot ensure that third parties do not obtain unauthorized access 
to and misuse such intellectual property. Illegal trading of products has become more sophisticated and 
an increased practice and there may also be efforts by third parties to challenge the Group’s intellectual 
property rights, early in the application process and throughout the life of the right. As a result, the 
Group’s products may not always have the full benefit of intellectual property rights in all jurisdictions. 
Some countries in which the Group operates do not offer robust intellectual property protection, and in 
such countries the ability to obtain and enforce intellectual property rights could become more 
challenging. In the area of plant-related inventions some governments have signalled considerations to 
weaken intellectual property rights. These developments could adversely affect the Group’s pricing and 
sales of its products and services and materially affect income from patented technology and seeds. 
Third parties may also claim that the Group’s products or services violate their intellectual property 
rights and seek remedies for infringement, including injunctions. Defending such claims, even those 
without merit, could be time consuming and expensive. In addition, any such claim could also result in 
the Group having to enter into licence arrangements, develop non-infringing products or engage in 
litigation that could be costly.

--- Page 29 ---
A43917793 
29 
In addition, because of the rapid pace of technological change, the confidentiality of patent applications 
in some jurisdictions and/or the uncertainty in predicting the outcome of complex proceedings relating 
to ownership or protection scope of patents relating to certain emerging technologies, competitors may 
issue patents unexpected by the Group. These patents could reduce the value of the Group’s commercial 
or pipeline products or, to the extent they cover key technologies on which the Group has unknowingly 
relied, require that the Group seek to obtain licenses or cease using the technology, no matter how 
valuable to its business. The Group cannot assure it would be able to obtain such a license on acceptable 
terms. 
Changes in law and jurisprudence in major markets such as the United States and the European Union 
could also affect the Group’s ability to obtain or maintain patent protection for its products. 
The risk of failing to comply with laws, regulations, requirements and contractual obligations relating 
to employment, compensation and benefits 
The Group employs individuals in locations around the world. All aspects of these employment 
relationships are subject to laws, regulations or contract. There could be disputes or claims relating to 
such employment relationships and the laws and regulations relating to employment relationships could 
change. These disputes or claims and changes in laws or regulations could have an impact on the 
financial performance of the Group. 
The impact of the UK exiting the European Union could adversely affect the Group 
Sales in the UK are not a significant percentage of total Group sales, but the Group houses large research 
and manufacturing sites in the UK and accordingly has a large exposure to the British pound sterling. 
On 23 June 2016, voters in the UK voted in favour of exiting the European Union in a national 
referendum, following which the British pound sterling depreciated against most major currencies. The 
arrangements for the UK exiting the European Union and the transition period are covered by the 
Withdrawal Agreement, which was agreed in October 2019, and the European Union (Withdrawal 
Agreement) Act 2020 which came into force on 23 January 2020. On 31 January 2020, the UK left the 
European Union under the provisions of Article 50 if the Treaty of the European Union and entered into 
a transition period which expired on 31 December 2020. The Guarantor is not able to predict the impact 
the UK’s exit from the European Union will have on the economy in Europe, including in the UK, or on 
the British pound sterling or other European exchange rates. Weakening of economic conditions or 
economic uncertainties tend to harm the Group’s business, and if such conditions emerge in the UK or 
in the rest of Europe, they may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, 
financial position and cash flows from the Europe, Africa and Middle East region. 
The risk of failing to comply with legal requirements, regulatory requirements and tax requirements 
which increase its cost of doing business, could result in regulatory or tax claims, and could restrict 
its business in the future. 
The Group’s general business operations are subject to a broad spectrum of regulatory requirements, 
including antitrust regulations, food and drug regulations, human resources regulations, environmental 
health and safety, tax regulations, international trade, banking and treasury regulations, anti-corruption, 
anti-boycott, privacy, economic sanctions, anti-dumping, import and export laws and regulations among 
others. These regulations add cost to the Group’s conduct of business and could, in some instances, result 
in claims or enforcement actions or could reduce the Group’s ability to pursue business opportunities. 
Future changes could impose additional costs and restrictions on the Group’s business activities and 
could result in adverse consequences to its business if the Group fails to anticipate and comply with 
regulations.

--- Page 30 ---
A43917793 
30 
2.4 
Health & Safety, Environment and Sustainability Risks 
The risk of non-compliance with Health & Safety, Environment standards and regulations and 
Sustainability  
The Group is subject to a broad-range of stringent and comprehensive environmental, health and safety 
laws, regulations and standards in all of its operational jurisdictions, which can result in compliance 
costs and remediation efforts that may adversely affect its operational and financial position. This results 
in significant compliance costs and can expose the Group to legal liability. These requirements are 
comprehensive and cover many activities including: air emissions, waste water discharges, the use and 
handling of hazardous materials, waste disposal practices, the clean-up of existing environmental 
contamination and the use of chemicals and biotech seeds by growers. 
Environmental and health and safety laws, regulations and standards expose the Group to the risk of 
substantial costs and liabilities, including liabilities associated with assets that have been sold and 
activities that have been discontinued. In addition, many of the Group’s manufacturing sites have a long 
history of industrial use. As is typical for businesses like the Group’s, soil and groundwater 
contamination has occurred in the past at some sites and may be identified at other sites in the future. 
Disposal of waste from its business at off-site locations also exposes the Group to potential remediation 
costs. Consistent with past practice, the Group is continuing to monitor, investigate and remediate soil 
and groundwater contamination at a number of these sites.  
Based on information presently available, the Group has budgeted expenditures for environmental 
improvement or remediation projects and has established provisions for known environmental 
remediation liabilities that are probable and capable of estimation. However, it cannot predict 
environmental matters with certainty, and the budgeted amounts and established provisions may not be 
adequate for all purposes. In addition, the development or discovery of new facts, events, circumstances, 
changes in law or conditions, including future decisions to close plants which may trigger remediation 
liabilities, could result in increased costs and liabilities or prevent or restrict some of the Group’s 
operations. Please see Notes 2 and 19 on pages 28 to 29 and pages 50 to 51, respectively, of the 2020 
Financial Report, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, for further information about the 
Group’s environmental provisions and the assumptions used to measure the liabilities. 
The risk of not being able to deliver on the sustainability ambitions and commitments  
The Group is committed to addressing the increasing challenges for farmers and the changing view of 
the society as to sustainable agriculture and has committed to invest in technologies and innovation 
which will reduce carbon emission in farming, make crops more resilient to climate change, as well as 
preserve ecosystems and biodiversity, improve soil health and prevent soil erosion. Projects to fulfil 
these commitments may be discontinued for technical or economic reasons and as the underlying 
assumptions and requirements to sustainable agriculture shift. Failure to meet the Group’s sustainability 
obligations could adversely affect the Group’s reputation and the longevity of its operations. 
The risk of being affected by climatic variations  
Climate is a key determinant for the agribusiness industry. Changing climate affects agriculture in terms 
of growing seasons, water availability, pests and crop productivity. The weather can affect the presence 
of disease and pests in the short term on a regional basis and, accordingly, can affect the demand for 
crop protection products and the mix of products used (positively or negatively). The weather also can 
affect the quality, volume and cost of seeds produced for sale. Seed yields can be higher or lower than 
planned and significantly higher yields could lead to the Group purchasing more seeds from contract 
growers than can be sold during the limited product life of the seeds, which could lead to inventory

--- Page 31 ---
A43917793 
31 
provisions and write-offs. Weather disturbances could also affect the Group’s or its suppliers’ 
manufacturing and production facilities, which could affect costs or ability to meet supply requirements. 
The risk of being exposed to significant risks associated with hazardous materials and related 
activities 
Because the Group is engaged in the synthesising, blending, managing, handling, storing, selling, 
transporting and disposing of chemicals, chemical waste products and other hazardous materials, product 
liability, health impacts, fire damage, safety and environmental risks are significant concerns for the 
Group. The Group maintains substantial provisions relating to remediation activities at its owned sites 
and third-party sites which are subject to regulatory clean-up requirements. The Group is also subject in 
the U.S. to federal legislation enforced by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA, 
as well as to state safety and health laws. The Group is also exposed to present and future chemical 
exposure claims by employees, contractors on the Group’s premises, other persons located nearby, as 
well as related workers’ compensation claims. The Group maintains general liability insurance, including 
product liability insurance, covering claims on a worldwide basis with coverage limits and retention 
amounts which management believes to be adequate and appropriate in relation to the Group’s 
businesses and the risks to which it is subject. The Group does not insure against all risks and may not 
be able to insure adequately against certain risks (whether relating to the Group’s or a third party’s 
activities or other matters) and may not have insurance coverage that will pay any particular claim. The 
Group also may be unable to obtain at commercially reasonable rates in the future adequate insurance 
coverage for the risks it currently insures against, and certain risks are or could become completely 
uninsurable or eligible for coverage only to a reduced extent. In particular, more stringent environmental, 
health or safety regulations may increase the Group’s costs for, or impact the availability of, insurance 
against accident-related risks and the risks of environmental damage or pollution. The Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations could be materially impaired by accidents and other 
environmental risks that substantially reduce the Group’s revenues, increase its costs or subject it to 
other liabilities in excess of available insurance. 
Accidents, safety failures, environmental damage, product quality issues, major or systemic delivery 
failures involving the Group’s distribution network or the products it carries, or adverse health effects or 
other harm related to hazardous materials the Group synthesises, blends, manages, handles, stores, sells, 
transports or disposes of could damage its reputation and result in substantial damages or remedial 
obligations. 
The Group’s business depends to a significant extent on its customers’ and producers’ trust in its 
reputation for reliability, quality, safety and environmental responsibility. Actual or alleged instances of 
safety deficiencies, mistaken or incorrect deliveries, inferior product quality, exposure to hazardous 
materials resulting in illness, injury or other harm to persons, property or natural resources, or of damage 
caused by the Group or its products, could damage its reputation and lead to customers and producers 
curtailing the volume of business they do with it. Also, there may be safety, personal injury or other 
environmental risks related to the Group’s products which are not known today. Any of these events, 
outcomes or allegations could also subject the Group to substantial legal claims, and it could incur 
substantial expenses, including legal fees and other costs, in defending such legal claims which could 
materially impact the Group’s financial position and results of operations. 
Actual or alleged accidents or other incidents at the Group’s facilities or that otherwise involve its 
personnel or operations could also subject it to claims for damages by third parties. Because many of the 
chemicals that the Group handles are dangerous, it is subject to the ongoing risk of hazards, including 
leaks, spills, releases, explosions and fires, which may cause property damage, illness, physical injury 
or death. If any such events occur, whether through the Group’s own fault, through pre-existing

--- Page 32 ---
A43917793 
32 
conditions at its facilities, through the fault of a third party or through a natural disaster, terrorist incident 
or other event outside the Group’s control, the Group’s reputation could be damaged significantly. As a 
result of environmental or other laws or by court order, the Group could also become responsible for 
substantial monetary damages or expensive investigative or remedial obligations related to such events, 
including but not limited to those resulting from third-party lawsuits or environmental investigations and 
clean-up obligations on and off-site. The amount of any costs, including fines, damages and/or 
investigative and remedial obligations, that the Group may become obligated to pay under such 
circumstances could substantially exceed any insurance it has to cover such losses. 
If any of these risks materialise, they could significantly harm the Group’s reputation, expose it to 
substantial liabilities and have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
The risk of being exposed to natural disasters and outbreaks of contagious diseases could adversely 
affect the Group’s business 
Natural disasters and outbreaks of contagious diseases could affect the Group’s or its suppliers’ 
manufacturing and production facilities, which could affect the Group’s costs or ability to meet supply 
requirements. Natural disasters and outbreaks of contagious diseases could also affect the Group’s 
customers, which could affect the Group’s sales, cost of goods sold or its ability to collect receivables 
due from customers. Natural disasters and outbreaks of contagious diseases could have an overall 
material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
Moreover, the economies of the countries in which the Group operates may be negatively affected by an 
outbreak of any contagious disease with human-to-human contact propagation effects, such as 
coronavirus (COVID-19), that escalates into a regional epidemic or global pandemic. The occurrence of 
an epidemic or pandemic is beyond the Group’s control and the Group can provide no assurance on the 
future spread of coronavirus (COVID-19) or other contagious diseases in areas in which the Group 
operates or what the impact on its business, its ability to raise uncommitted borrowings, its customers’ 
businesses or its suppliers’ businesses, will be due to, among things, coronavirus COVID-19, quarantines 
or other restrictive measures.  
Risks related to the Notes 
2.5 
Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
Notes issued by Syngenta Switzerland are subject to Swiss withholding tax at a rate of 35 per cent. 
and investors will not receive additional amounts with respect thereto 
According to the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax Law of 13 October 1965 and the practice of the Swiss 
Federal Tax Administration, payments of interest on Notes issued by Syngenta Switzerland (and 
payments which qualify as interest for Swiss withholding tax purposes on such Notes) are currently 
subject to Swiss withholding tax at a rate of 35 per cent. See “Taxation—Switzerland—Withholding tax—
Notes issued by Syngenta Switzerland.” Holders will not be entitled to the payment of additional amounts 
by the Issuer or any other party with respect to any such Swiss taxes withheld on Notes issued by 
Syngenta Switzerland. Holders of Notes issued by Syngenta Switzerland should consult their tax 
advisors regarding whether they may qualify for a refund from the Swiss tax authorities of any Swiss 
tax withheld under Swiss law or any applicable tax.

--- Page 33 ---
A43917793 
33 
The tax treatment of the Notes with respect to Swiss withholding tax may change due to potential new 
Swiss withholding tax legislation. 
On 26 June 2019, the Swiss Federal Council announced that it will resume the reform of the withholding 
tax regime, which had previously been suspended. The proposal for the reform is expected to, among 
other things, replace the current debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments with a paying 
agent-based regime for Swiss withholding tax. On April 3, 2020, the Swiss Federal Council submitted a 
reform proposal to the consultations procedure (Vernehmlassungsverfahren). The original reform 
proposal replaces the current debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments with a paying agent-
based regime for Swiss federal withholding tax. This paying agent-based regime (i) subjects all interest 
payments made by paying agents in Switzerland to individuals resident in Switzerland to Swiss federal 
withholding tax and (ii) exempts from Swiss federal withholding tax interest payments to all other 
persons, including to Swiss domiciled legal entities and foreign investors. Therefore, according to this 
proposal, the Swiss federal withholding tax is also imposed on interest payments on foreign notes. In 
case this reform proposal is approved, a Swiss paying agent would have to levy and pay Swiss federal 
withholding tax on interest payments and the like of domestic and foreign notes, provided that the 
beneficiary is an individual resident in Switzerland. The consultations procedure was open until 10 July 
2020. After having reviewed the results of the consultations, the Federal Council published on 15 April 
2021 its dispatch which will subsequently be debated in Federal Assembly for approval.  Its new proposal 
abolishes withholding taxes on all interest income, with the exception of interest income on Swiss bank 
accounts. The entry into force of the Swiss federal withholding tax reform, if adopted, is not expected 
before 2022. The exact measures of the proposed reform may be changed as the result of the 
parliamentary debates. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the relevant Issuer 
The Issuers may issue Notes that are callable at the option of the relevant Issuer. An optional redemption 
feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the relevant Issuer may elect 
to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
The Issuers may issue Inverse Floating Rate Notes, the interest rate on which fluctuates according to 
fluctuations in a specified interest rate benchmark. Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate 
equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate such as LIBOR. The market values of those 
Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities 
based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the 
Notes but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the 
market value of these Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
The Issuers may issue Fixed/Floating Rate Notes which bear interest at a rate that the relevant Issuer 
may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a 
feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis may affect the secondary

--- Page 34 ---
A43917793 
34 
market and the market value of such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest 
return for Noteholders. If the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating 
Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate 
may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Notes. 
Future discontinuance of LIBOR may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes which 
reference LIBOR 
The Issuers may issue Floating Rate Notes, the interest rate on which fluctuates according to fluctuations 
in a specified interest rate benchmark (“Benchmarks”). In the UK, the FCA, which regulates LIBOR, 
has announced that it does not intend to continue to persuade, or use its powers to compel, panel banks 
to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. On 5 March 
2021, the FCA further announced the future cessation or loss of representativeness of the 35 LIBOR 
settings currently published by ICE. Therefore, the continued publication of LIBOR on the current basis 
cannot be guaranteed after 2021. Similar regulatory developments in relation to other Benchmarks may 
lead to similar consequences for such other Benchmarks. The potential elimination of LIBOR or any 
other Benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any Benchmark, may require an 
adjustment to the terms and conditions, or result in other consequences that cannot be predicted, in 
respect of any Floating Rate Notes linked to such Benchmark (including, but not limited to, Floating 
Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR), depending on the specific provisions of the 
relevant terms and conditions applicable to the Floating Rate Notes. Developments in this area are 
ongoing and could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a Benchmark, such that market participants are discouraged from continuing to administer or 
contribute to a Benchmark. These reforms and changes may also cause a Benchmark to perform 
differently than it has done in the past, to be discontinued or have other consequences, such as interest 
payments that are lower than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would 
have been made on those Floating Rate Notes if the relevant Benchmark was available in its current 
form. See also the risk factor headed “Floating Rate Notes – Benchmark Unavailability and 
Discontinuation” below. 
Accordingly, in respect of any Notes referencing a relevant Benchmark, such reforms and changes in 
applicable regulation could have a material adverse effect on the market value of and return on such 
Notes (including potential rates of interest thereon). Prospective investors should consult their own 
independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed by the possible 
cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark. 
Floating Rate Notes – Benchmark Unavailability and Discontinuation 
(i) 
Temporary unavailability of the Relevant Screen Page 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements if a published 
benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate such as LIBOR, EURIBOR or other relevant reference 
rates becomes temporarily unavailable. Where the Rate of Interest (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) is to be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page and the Relevant 
Screen Page is not available or the relevant rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 35 ---
A43917793 
35 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting 
rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes)), the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest Period 
may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed 
on the Relevant Screen Page or, as the case may be, the application of the initial Rate of Interest 
applicable to such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes). Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes 
from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued 
may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Notes. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Events 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 8(g)) (which, amongst other events, includes the 
permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate, a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will 
be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market or an 
announcement that an Original Reference Rate will be permanently discontinued in the future) occurs, 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes) as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) to be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate. If a Benchmark Event occurs as a result of a public statement that the Original Reference 
Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying market, the Rate of Interest on the Notes may 
therefore cease to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate, and instead be determined 
by reference to a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, even if the Original Reference Rate continues to 
be published. Such rate may be lower than the Original Reference Rate for so long as that Original 
Reference Rate continues to be published, and the value of and return on the Floating Rate Notes may 
be adversely affected.  
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by 
the Independent Adviser, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may vary the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes) may be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate.  
The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment 
Spread) may result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate 
were to continue to apply in its current form. 
(iii) 
Potential for a fixed rate return  
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be 
able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent 
Adviser is unable to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest

--- Page 36 ---
A43917793 
36 
Determination Date (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), the Rate of Interest for the 
next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event 
occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest.  
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser has 
failed to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, the 
Issuer will continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next 
succeeding Interest Determination Date to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the 
next succeeding and any subsequent Interest Periods, as necessary. 
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate 
of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a 
risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the 
Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of 
the Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the Floating Rate Notes, in 
effect, becoming fixed rate Notes. 
2.6 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Trust Deed (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes”) contain provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, agree (i) to any modification of the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Notes or the Trust 
Deed which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, proper to make if, in the opinion of the Trustee, such 
modification will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and (ii) to any 
modification of the Notes or the Trust Deed which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made 
to correct a manifest error or a proven error. In addition, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes permit 
the Trustee, without the consent of the Noteholders, to authorise or waive any proposed breach or breach 
of the Notes or the Trust Deed if, in the opinion of the Trustee, the interests of the Noteholders will not 
be materially prejudiced thereby. 
The Trust Deed contains provisions under which the Trustee shall agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to the substitution of either (i) the Guarantor, (ii) any Subsidiary (as defined in the Trust 
Deed) of the Guarantor, (iii) any Holding Company or Successor in Business (each as defined in the 
Trust Deed) or (iv) any Subsidiary of any such Holding Company or such Successor in Business in place 
of the relevant Issuer as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes, provided that certain

--- Page 37 ---
A43917793 
37 
conditions specified in the Trust Deed are fulfilled, all as more fully described in Condition 17(c) 
(Substitution) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions under which the Trustee shall agree without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders to the substitution of either any Holding Company or Successor in 
Business of the Guarantor in place of the Guarantor under the Guarantee of the Notes provided that 
certain conditions specified in the Trust Deed are fulfilled. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are governed by English law in effect as at the date of issue of 
the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change 
to English law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change 
could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds a principal amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination 
in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive Note 
in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
The Guarantor has been rated BBB- by S&P, Ba2 by Moody’s and BBB by Fitch. S&P is established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. Neither Moody’s or Fitch is established in the EEA 
but the rating it has given to the Guarantor has been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (in the 
case of Moody’s) and Fitch Rating Ireland Limited (in the case of Fitch), each of which is established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation, 
which is available on the ESMA website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website is 
not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be 
delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the

--- Page 38 ---
A43917793 
38 
publication of the updated ESMA list. In addition, one or more independent credit rating agencies may 
assign credit ratings to the Notes. Any rating is not a recommendation to purchase, sell or hold any 
particular security, including the Notes. These ratings are limited in scope and do not comment as to 
market price or suitability for a particular investor. In addition, ratings at any time may be lowered or 
withdrawn in their entirety. Actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in the credit ratings, including 
any announcement that the ratings are under further review for a downgrade, could affect the market 
value of the Notes and increase borrowing costs. 
European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-E.U. credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an E.U.-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-
E.U. rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances).

--- Page 39 ---
A43917793 
39 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information contained in the documents referred to below shall be deemed to be incorporated by 
reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the sections set out below from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at 31 
December 2020 and for the year then ended, together with the notes to the consolidated financial 
statements and the statutory auditor’s report thereon, and the non-audited supplementary financial 
information of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
https://www.syngenta.com/sites/syngenta/files/bond-investor-information/financial-results/Syngenta-
AG-2020-Financial-Report.pdf  
https://www.syngenta.com/sites/syngenta/files/bond-investor-information/financial-results/Syngenta-
AG-Consolidated-Supplementary-Financial-Information-2020.pdf 
  
 
 
Page reference 
(pdf) 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Group 
 
(a) Consolidated Income Statement for the years ended 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2019 
22 
(b) Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
23 
(c) Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019 
24 
(d) Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for the years ended 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2019 
25 
(e) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
26 
(f) 
Notes to the Group Consolidated Financial Statements 
27 to 87 
(g) Statutory Auditor’s Report to the General Meeting of Syngenta AG 
88 to 90 
Non-audited supplementary financial information of the Group 
 
(a) Financial summary 
1 
(b) Appendix A: Constant exchange rates (CER) 
2 
(c) Appendix B: Reconciliation of EBITDA to net income 
2 
(d) Appendix C: Free cash flow 
3 
(e) Appendix D: Net debt reconciliation 
4 
 
(ii) 
the sections set out below from audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at 31 December 
2019 and for the year then ended, together with the notes to the consolidated financial statements and 
the statutory auditor’s report thereon https://www.syngenta.com/sites/syngenta/files/bond-investor-
information/Financial-Report-2019_0.pdf  
 
Page reference 
(pdf)

--- Page 40 ---
A43917793 
40 
(a) Consolidated Income Statement for the years ended 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2018 
22 
(b) Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the years 
ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 
23 
(c) Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2019, 31 December 
2018 and 1 January 2018 
24 
(d) Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for the years ended 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2018 
25 
(e) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the years ended 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2018 
26 
(f) 
Notes to the Group Consolidated Financial Statements  
27 to 94 
(g) Statutory Auditor’s Report to the General Meeting of Syngenta AG  
95 to 97 
 
(iii) 
the sections set out below from the audited statutory financial statements of the Guarantor for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020 (see Annual Report 2020 at (i) above) 
https://www.syngenta.com/sites/syngenta/files/bond-investor-information/financial-results/Syngenta-
AG-2020-Financial-Report.pdf 
  
 
Page reference 
(pdf) 
Guarantor financial statements: 
 
(a) Income Statement for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019 
91 
(b) Balance Sheet (prior to Appropriation of Available Earnings) at 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
92 
(c) Notes to the Financial Statements of Syngenta AG 
93 to 99 
(d) Appropriation of Available Earnings of Syngenta AG 
100 
(e) Report of the Statutory Auditor on the Financial Statements 
101 to 102 
 
(iv) 
Syngenta Netherlands’ audited statutory financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020, together with the notes to the financial statements and the auditor’s report thereon  
https://www.syngenta.com/sites/syngenta/files/company/bond-investors/Annual-Accounts-Syngenta-
Finance-NV-2020auditors-repoort.pdf 
 
Page reference 
(pdf) 
(a) Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2020 
8 
(b) Profit and Loss Account 2020 
9 
(c) Notes to the Financial Statements 
10 to 26 
(d) Independent Auditor’s Report  
28 to 35

--- Page 41 ---
A43917793 
41 
(v) 
Syngenta Netherlands’ audited statutory financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019, together with the notes to the financial statements and the auditor’s report thereon  
https://www.syngenta.com/sites/syngenta/files/company/bond-investors/annual-accounts-syngenta-
finance-nv-2019-incl-auditors-report.pdf  
 
Page reference 
(pdf) 
(a) Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2019 
8 
(b) Profit and Loss Account 2019 
9 
(c) Notes to the Financial Statements 
10 to 25 
(d) Independent Auditor’s Report 
27 to 34 
 
(vi) 
Syngenta Switzerland’s audited statutory financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020, together with the notes to the financial statements and the auditor’s report thereon  
https://www.syngenta.com/sites/syngenta/files/company/bond-investors/financial-results/Syngenta-
Finance-AG-2020-Statutory-incl-Auditors-Report.pdf  
 
 
Page reference 
(pdf) 
(a) Statutory Auditor’s Report 
 
2 to 3 
(b) Balance Sheet 
 
4 
(c) Income Statement 
 
5 
(d) Notes to the Financial Statements  
 
6 to 9 
(e) Appropriation of Available Earnings 
 
10 
 
(vii) 
Syngenta Switzerland’s audited statutory financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019, together with the notes to the financial statements and the auditor’s report thereon 
https://www.syngenta.com/sites/syngenta/files/company/bond-investors/Syngenta-Finance-AG-2019-
Statutory-Auditors-Report.pdf 
 
Page reference 
(pdf) 
(a) Statutory Auditor’s Report 
2 to 3 
(b) Balance Sheet 
4 
(c) Income Statement 
5 
(d) Notes to the Financial Statements 
6 to 9 
(e) Appropriation of Available Earnings 
10 
 
(viii) the terms and conditions set out on pages 25 to 49 of the base prospectus dated 21 March 2014 
https://syngenta.pid1-e1.investis.com/sites/syngenta/files/bond-investor-information/01-Base-
Prospectus.pdf  
(ix) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 36 to 63 of the base prospectus dated 6 April 2018 
https://www.syngenta.com/sites/syngenta/files/debt-portfolio/prospectus-base-180406.pdf

--- Page 42 ---
A43917793 
42 
 
(x) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 43 to 78 of the base prospectus dated 16 March 2020 
https://www.syngenta.com/sites/syngenta/files/bond-investor-information/200316Syngenta-2020-
EMTN-Update-Base-Prospectus.pdf 
The non-incorporated parts of the documents referred to above are not relevant for the investors or are covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Any information in the documents incorporated by reference herein which 
is not included in the above cross-reference tables is considered to be additional information and is not required 
by the relevant Annexes of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
Any statement contained herein or any of the documents incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this 
Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the 
extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by reference modifies or 
supersedes such statement, provided that such modifying or superseding statement is made by way of an annual 
information update or supplements to this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuers and the Guarantor, and will 
also be published on the website of the Issuers (https://www.syngenta.com/) and the website of Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 43 ---
A43917793 
43 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation and relevant implementing measures in Luxembourg for the purpose of giving 
information with regard to the issue of Notes issued under the Programme. The Prospectus Regulation requires, 
amongst other things, that this Base Prospectus contains all information which is necessary to enable investors 
to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses, and prospects 
of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, and of the rights attaching to the Notes. In relation to the different 
types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuers and the Guarantor have included or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus all of such information except for information relating to the 
Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of 
an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the information referred to above in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in 
the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions described in this Base Prospectus as completed to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 44 ---
A43917793 
44 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes (other than Swiss Franc Notes) will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
note (the “Temporary Global Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the “Permanent 
Global Note”), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary 
Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global 
note (“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, and each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may 
be, Permanent Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central 
banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used and certain other criteria are fulfilled. 
Each Tranche of Swiss Franc Notes will be in the form of a permanent global note (the “Swiss Global Note”), 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Swiss Global Note will be deposited on or around the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary for SIS and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or 
any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “TEFRA C Rules”), or United States Treasury Regulation § 
1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “TEFRA D Rules”), are applicable in 
relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days (taking into account any 
unilateral right to extend or rollover the term), that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are 
applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes and, if the relevant Final Terms specify 
that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments 
will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is 
improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes subject to the TEFRA D 
Rules cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery (free of charge to the bearer) 
of such Permanent Global Note duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the 
Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against:

--- Page 45 ---
A43917793 
45 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
during normal business hours on or after the date which is 40 days after the Temporary Global Note is issued. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances 
shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form 
(“Definitive Notes”): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
or if the relevant Final Terms specify “in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so and no alternative clearing system satisfactory 
to the Trustee is available; or 
(iii) 
if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, at the option of the relevant Issuer at any time. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and 
Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent during normal business 
hours, in the case of (i) above, on and after the expiry of the relevant notice period, and in the case of (ii) above, 
45 days after notice is given to the relevant Issuer requesting exchange following the occurrence of an event 
described in (ii). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specify that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specify that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected 
without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and

--- Page 46 ---
A43917793 
46 
Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Temporary Global Note, in the case of the first paragraph above or in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount to be exchanged, in the case of the second paragraph above, in 
each case to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender or presentation for endorsement, as 
the case may be, if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form, of the Temporary 
Global Note at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent during normal business hours, on or after the 
expiry of the notice period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify “in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so and no alternative clearing system satisfactory 
to the Trustee is available; or 
(iii) 
if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, at the option of the relevant Issuer at any time. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and 
Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent during normal business 
hours, in the case of (i) above, on and after the expiry of the relevant notice period, and in the case of (ii) above, 
45 days after notice is given to the relevant Issuer requesting exchange following the occurrence of an event 
described in (ii). 
Swiss Global Notes 
The Notes and all rights in connection therewith are documented in the form of a Swiss Global Note, which 
shall be deposited by the Swiss Principal Paying Agent with SIX SIS AG or any other intermediary in 
Switzerland recognised for such purposes by the SIX Swiss Exchange AG (SIX SIS AG or any such other 
intermediary, the “Intermediary”). Once the Swiss Global Note is deposited with the Intermediary and entered 
into the accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, the Notes will constitute intermediated 
securities (Bucheffekten) (“Intermediated Securities”) in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Federal 
Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). 
Each Noteholder shall have a quotal co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the Swiss Global Note to 
the extent of his claim against the Issuer, provided that for so long as the Swiss Global Note remains deposited 
with the Intermediary the co-ownership interest shall be suspended and the Notes may only be transferred by 
the entry of the transferred Notes in a securities account of the transferee. 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Notes held by each participant through that 
Intermediary. In respect of the Notes held in the form of Intermediated Securities, the holders of such Notes 
will be the persons holding the Notes in a securities account (Effektenkonto) which is in their name, or in case

--- Page 47 ---
A43917793 
47 
of Intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), the Intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen) holding the Notes for their 
own account in a securities account (Effektenkonto) which is in their name. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Noteholders shall at any time have the right to effect or demand the conversion of the 
Swiss Global Note into, or the delivery of, uncertificated securities (Wertrechte) or definitive Bonds 
(Wertpapiere). 
No physical delivery of the Notes shall be made unless and until definitive Notes (Wertpapiere) are printed. 
Notes may only be printed, in whole, but not in part, if the Swiss Principal Paying Agent determines, in its sole 
discretion, that the printing of the definitive Notes (Wertpapiere) is necessary or useful. Should the Swiss 
Principal Paying Agent so determine, it shall provide for the printing of definitive Notes (Wertpapiere) without 
cost to the Noteholders. In the case definitive Notes (Wertpapiere) are printed, the Swiss Global Note will 
immediately be cancelled by the Swiss Principal Paying Agent and the definitive Notes (Wertpapiere) shall be 
delivered to the Noteholders against cancellation of the Notes in the Noteholders’ securities accounts. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms which completes those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note (other than a Swiss Franc Note) in global form will differ from 
those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under “Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes which is issued in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the 
following effect: 
“Any United States person (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) who holds this 
obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations 
provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.”

--- Page 48 ---
A43917793 
48 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
1 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme 
Syngenta Finance N.V. (“Syngenta Netherlands”) and Syngenta Finance AG (“Syngenta 
Switzerland”) (each an “Issuer” and together, the “Issuers”) have established a Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to U.S.$7,500,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of notes (the “Notes”) guaranteed by Syngenta AG (the “Guarantor”). References 
herein to the “relevant Issuer” shall be to the Issuer of the Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in Series (as defined below) and each Series may comprise 
one or more tranches of Notes which are identical in all respects (each a “Tranche”). Each Tranche is 
the subject of a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which completes these terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) these 
Conditions and/or the Trust Deed (as defined below) and (ii) the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final 
Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Trust Deed 
The Notes are subject to and have the benefit of an amended and restated trust deed dated 26 April  2021 
(such trust deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Trust Deed”) 
made between the Issuers, the Guarantor and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited as trustee 
(the “Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees 
appointed under the Trust Deed).  
(d) 
Paying Agency Agreement 
The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated paying agency agreement dated 26 April 2021 
(such paying agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
“Paying Agency Agreement”) between the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee and The Bank of New 
York Mellon as principal paying agent in respect of all Notes other than Notes represented on issue by a 
Swiss Global Note (the “Principal Paying Agent”, which expression includes any successor principal 
paying agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). The expression “Paying 
Agents” means the Principal Paying Agent and includes any successor or additional paying agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes. In respect of Notes represented by a Swiss 
Global Note, the Swiss Principal Paying Agent (the “Swiss Principal Paying Agent”) and the other 
Swiss Paying Agents (the “Swiss Paying Agents”) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms, which 
entities shall act as Agent and Paying Agents, respectively, in respect of the Notes and the expressions 
“Agent” and “Paying Agents” as used herein shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Guarantee of the Notes 
The Guarantor has, in the Trust Deed, guaranteed the payment of all amounts due to be paid by the 
Issuers in respect of the Notes as and when the same shall become due and payable.

--- Page 49 ---
A43917793 
49 
(f) 
The Notes 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject of the 
relevant Final Terms and are of the same Series. “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any 
further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series 
and (ii) are identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for 
inspection during normal business hours at the specified office in London of the Principal Paying Agent 
and copies may be obtained, free of charge, upon request, from the registered offices of the Issuers and 
the Guarantor save that, if this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under Regulation 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), the 
relevant Final Terms will only be available for inspection by the relevant Dealer or Dealers specified in 
such Final Terms or, upon proof satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent as to identity, the holder of 
the Note to which such Final Terms relate. In addition, if this Note is admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the relevant Final Terms will be available for inspection on 
the website of the Issuers (https://www.syngenta.com/) and the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
(g) 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Trust Deed and the Paying Agency 
Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”) 
and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, 
respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and 
the Paying Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Trust Deed and the Paying Agency 
Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the registered 
office of the Trustee and the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices 
of which are set out below. 
2 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity; 
“Business Day” means: 
(1) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and any Additional Business Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(2) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Principal Financial Centre of

--- Page 50 ---
A43917793 
50 
the relevant currency (if other than London and any Additional Business Centre) or (2) in relation 
to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(1) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(2) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(3) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(4) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(I) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such 
date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that 
calendar month; 
(II) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date 
will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; 
and 
(III) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day 
in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month 
in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(5) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Principal Paying Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or 
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Change of Control” means any of the following: 
(i) 
the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of 
merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the 
assets of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries to any “person” (as that term is used in Section 
13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), provided, however, that no Change of Control 
shall occur if such “person” is any person Controlled by the central government of the People’s

--- Page 51 ---
A43917793 
51 
Republic of China, including, without limitation, the State Administration of State-owned Assets 
Commission (each such person a “PRC Government Person”); 
(ii) 
any transaction (including any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any “person” 
becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of more than 50 per cent. of the outstanding voting 
power of the Guarantor’s outstanding shares, provided, however, that no Change of Control shall 
occur if such “person” is a PRC Government Person; 
(iii) 
the Guarantor consolidates with, or merges with or into, any entity, or any entity consolidates 
with or merges with or into the Guarantor, unless following the transaction the Guarantor’s 
ultimate shareholders prior to the transaction own a majority of the voting power of the 
outstanding shares of the surviving entity; or 
(iv) 
the adoption of a plan for the Guarantor’s liquidation or dissolution; 
“Change of Control Put Event” means the Notes cease to be rated Investment Grade (defined below) 
by all three Rating Agencies (defined below) on any date during the period starting 60 days prior to the 
Issuer’s first public announcement of any Change of Control and ending 60 days following 
consummation of the Change of Control (subject to extension as long as any of the Rating Agencies has 
publicly announced that it is considering a possible ratings change, other than an announcement with 
positive implications), and the Rating Agencies confirm that any reduction in ratings is attributable to 
the Change of Control. However, no Change of Control Put Event will be deemed to have occurred 
unless and until the Change of Control has been consummated. The Issuer shall be required to send 
written notice to the Trustee of any Change of Control Put Event; 
“Change of Control Put Option” means the option of the Noteholders exercisable pursuant to 
Condition 11(f) (Change of control repurchase); 
“Control” means (i) the direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
rights of the issued share capital of a person or (ii) the nomination or designation of no less than 50 per 
cent. of the members then in office of a person’s board of directors or equivalent governing body, whether 
obtained directly or indirectly, and whether obtained by ownership of share capital, the possession of 
voting rights, contract or otherwise; 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(I) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any calendar year; and 
(II) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
1. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any calendar year; and

--- Page 52 ---
A43917793 
52 
2. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any calendar year; 
(2) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(3) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(4) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(5) 
if “30/360” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
ሾ360 × ሺYଶ−Yଵሻሿ+ ሾ30 × ሺMଶ−Mଵሻሿ+ ሺDଶ−Dଵሻ 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D, will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(6) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
ሾ360 × ሺYଶ−Yଵሻሿ+ ሾ30 × ሺMଶ−Mଵሻሿ+ ሺDଶ−Dଵሻ 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 53 ---
A43917793 
53 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(7) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
ሾ360 × ሺYଶ−Yଵሻሿ+ ሾ30 × ሺMଶ−Mଵሻሿ+ ሺDଶ−Dଵሻ 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D, will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation 
Period; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any Specified Currency and any Specified Period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate; 
“Event of Default” means any one of the circumstances described in Condition 14 (Events of Default) 
but (in the case of any of the events described in Conditions 14(b), 14(c), 14(d), 14(e), 14(f) and 14(h)(ii) 
thereof in relation to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor) only if such event is, pursuant to the provisions 
of Condition 14 (Events of Default), certified by the Trustee to be materially prejudicial to the interests 
of holders of the Notes of the relevant Series; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with Schedule 3 (Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders) to the Trust Deed by a majority of 
not less than three quarters of the votes cast;

--- Page 54 ---
A43917793 
54 
“FA Selected Bond” means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser (as 
defined below) as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the 
Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, 
in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of 
a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Financial Adviser” means a financial adviser selected by the relevant Issuer; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Ltd and its successors; 
“Funded Debt” means: 
(1) 
any Indebtedness of the Guarantor maturing by its terms more than one year from the date of 
issue thereof, including any such Indebtedness renewable or extendible at the option of the 
Guarantor to a date later than one year from the date of original issue thereof, excluding any 
portion of such Indebtedness which is included in current liabilities; and 
(2) 
any Indebtedness of the Guarantor which may be payable from the proceeds of Funded Debt as 
defined in (i) hereof pursuant to the terms of such Indebtedness; 
“Guarantee of the Notes” means the guarantee of the Notes given by the Guarantor in the Trust Deed; 
“Holding Company” means a “holding company” of another company if it: 
(1) 
holds a majority of the voting rights in that other company; or 
(2) 
is a member of that other company and has the right to appoint or remove a majority of that other 
company’s board of directors; or 
(3) 
is a member of that other company and controls alone, pursuant to an agreement with other 
shareholders or members, a majority of the voting rights in that other company, 
or if it is a holding company of a company which is itself a holding company of that other company; 
“Indebtedness” means, in respect of any Person, all indebtedness for money borrowed that is created, 
assumed, incurred or guaranteed in any manner by that Person or for which that Person is otherwise 
responsible or liable; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(1) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or

--- Page 55 ---
A43917793 
55 
(2) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“Investment Grade” means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moody’s (or its equivalent under any successor 
rating category of Moody’s); a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor 
rating category of S&P); and a rating of BBB- or better by Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor 
rating category of Fitch); 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.); 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“LIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the London inter-bank 
offered rate for that currency and period displayed on the appropriate page (being currently Reuters 
screen page LIBOR01 or LIBOR02) on the information service which publishes that rate; 
“Make-Whole Amount” means the Make-Whole Amount, determined in accordance with 
Condition 11(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maximum Increase Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Meeting” means a meeting of Noteholders (whether originally convened or resumed following an 
adjournment); 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited and its successors; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Community which adopts the 
Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty;

--- Page 56 ---
A43917793 
56 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is Euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not Euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(1) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Community as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; and 
(2) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions; 
“Rating Agency” means each of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch or any of their respective successors; 
provided, that if any of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch ceases to provide rating services to issuers or investors 
for reasons outside of the Issuer’s control, then, except as otherwise provided, the Issuer may appoint 
another rating agency of international standing as a replacement for such Rating Agency; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount, which shall be 
at least equal to the nominal amount of the Notes, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 57 ---
A43917793 
57 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four (or if the Principal 
Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms or the FA Selected Bond; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Calculation Agent 
obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of 
all such quotations; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as 
a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the relevant Issuer, or 
their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or 
(B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of 
its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the relevant Final Terms on the reference date 
quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR or LIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the 
currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Regular Period” means: 
(1) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(2) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any 
year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month 
(but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(3) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding 
the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of 
the irregular Interest Period; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received by the

--- Page 58 ---
A43917793 
58 
Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount 
having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Remaining Term Interest” means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis of the 
rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is to be redeemed 
by the relevant Issuer pursuant to Condition 11(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
“Remaining Term Interest (Three Month Par Redemption)” means, with respect to any Note, the 
aggregate amount of scheduled payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note 
up to but excluding the first date on which the Three Month Par Call Option can be exercised by the 
relevant Issuer determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including 
the date on which such Note is to be redeemed by the relevant Issuer pursuant to Condition 11(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal: 
(1) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the 
amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes or to alter the method 
of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or maturity or 
the date for any such payment; 
(2) 
to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, shares, 
bonds or other obligations or securities of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any other person 
or body corporate formed or to be formed (other than as permitted under Clause 8.3 (Substitution 
of the Issuers) or 8.4 (Substitution of the Guarantor) of the Trust Deed); 
(3) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(4) 
to modify any provision of the guarantee of the Notes (other than as permitted under Clause 8.3 
(Substitution of the Issuers) or 8.4 (Substitution of the Guarantor) of the Trust Deed); 
(5) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution; or 
(6) 
to amend this definition; 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Italy Branch and its successors; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Office” of any Agent means the office outside the United States specified against its name in 
Schedule 1 (The Specified Offices of the Agents) to the Paying Agency Agreement or, in the case of any

--- Page 59 ---
A43917793 
59 
Agent not originally party to the Paying Agency Agreement, specified in its terms of appointment or 
such other office in the same city or town as such Agent may specify by notice to the relevant Issuer and 
the other parties to the Paying Agency Agreement in accordance with Clause 13.9 (Changes in Specified 
Offices) to the Paying Agency Agreement. In relation to Swiss Paying Agents, Specified Office means 
all offices of each Swiss Paying Agent located in Switzerland; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsidiary” means a subsidiary or subsidiary undertaking of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor whose 
affairs are for the time being required to be fully consolidated in the consolidated accounts of such Issuer 
or the Guarantor (as the case may be); 
“Successor in Business” means, in relation to the Guarantor any company which effectively assumes 
all of the obligations of the Guarantor under, or in respect of, the Trust Deed and the Notes and which: 
(1) 
owns beneficially the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking, property and assets 
owned by the Guarantor immediately prior thereto; and 
(2) 
carries on, as successor to the Guarantor, the whole or substantially the whole of the business 
carried on by the Guarantor immediately prior thereto; 
“Swiss Global Note” means the permanent global note representing Notes denominated in Swiss Francs, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“TARGET” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro; 
“Threshold Rating” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Total Assets” means the consolidated total assets of the Guarantor as shown by the latest audited 
consolidated balance sheet of the Guarantor. A certificate in the English language, signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Guarantor certifying as to the amount of the Guarantor’s Total Assets at any 
given time shall, in the absence of manifest error or proven error, be conclusive and binding on all 
parties; 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable;

--- Page 60 ---
A43917793 
60 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) or any 
undertaking given in addition to or in substitution of Condition 13 (Taxation) pursuant to the 
Trust Deed, any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) or any undertaking given in addition to or 
in substitution of Condition 13 (Taxation) pursuant to the Trust Deed and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Trust Deed; 
and 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression 
is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes. 
3 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Notes with more than one Specified 
Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. The holder of any Note or Coupon 
shall (except as otherwise required by law or as otherwise ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or an 
official authority) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous 
loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such holder. No Person shall have any right to 
enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does 
not affect any right or remedy of any Person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
4 
Status and Guarantee of the Notes 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes constitute the direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and rank and will rank pari 
passu without preference among themselves with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the relevant Issuer from time to time outstanding, save for such obligations as may be preferred by 
mandatory provisions of applicable law. 
(b) 
Guarantee of the Notes 
The Guarantor has in the Trust Deed unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the payment of all sums 
from time to time payable by the relevant Issuer in respect of the Notes. This Guarantee of the Notes 
constitutes the direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 5 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligation of the Guarantor and ranks and will rank pari passu without 
preference among themselves with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, 
save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application.

--- Page 61 ---
A43917793 
61 
5 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, but not later than the time when payment for the full amount 
of principal and interest in respect of all outstanding Notes has been duly provided for, the relevant Issuer and 
the Guarantor will procure that no Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor which is represented by 
bonds, notes or other securities which in any such case are listed or capable of being listed on any recognised 
stock exchange will be secured upon any of the present or future assets or revenues of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor unless all amounts payable under the Notes and Coupons (in the case of the relevant Issuer) or all 
amounts payable under the Guarantee of the Notes (in the case of the Guarantor) are secured equally and 
rateably with such other security or such other security or guarantee is granted to the Notes and Coupons as the 
Trustee may in its absolute discretion consider to be not materially less beneficial to the interests of the 
Noteholders and Couponholders or as shall have been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders. Any reference to an obligation being guaranteed shall include a reference to an indemnity being 
given to the holder thereof in respect of payment thereof. 
6 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. Certain Notes shall also be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being subject to Condition 9 (Adjustment of Rate of Interest for 
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes). 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 12 (Payments). Each Note will cease 
to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is five days after the Principal 
Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due in respect of the Notes up to such fifth day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
Except as provided in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than 
one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount 
is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation 
Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest

--- Page 62 ---
A43917793 
62 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case 
of euro, means one cent. 
7 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. Certain Notes shall also 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms as being subject to Condition 9 (Adjustment of Rate of Interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes). 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 12 (Payments). Each Note will cease 
to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) 
until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is five days after the 
Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such fifth day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified

--- Page 63 ---
A43917793 
63 
Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent with the approval of the relevant Issuer, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) 
on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will 
be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant Floating 
Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR) or on the Euro-zone 
interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in 
any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each 
Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit 
being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.

--- Page 64 ---
A43917793 
64 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate. 
(h) 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, together 
with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together 
with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which 
the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such 
determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in 
any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period provided that if any Interest Amount 
cannot be determined on or prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period, such notification shall 
be made as soon as practicable after such Interest Amount is determined. Notice thereof shall also 
promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest 
Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination, the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead 
may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the 
minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications, etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as 
aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent or the Trustee in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(j) 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee 
If the Calculation Agent fails at any time to determine a Rate of Interest or to calculate an Interest 
Amount or Additional Interest Amount as aforesaid, the Trustee will determine such Rate of Interest and 
make such determination or calculation which shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation 
Agent. In doing so, the Trustee shall apply all of the provisions of these conditions with any necessary 
consequential amendments to the extent that, in its sole opinion and with absolute discretion, it can do 
so and in all other respects it shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the 
circumstances and will not be liable for any loss, liability, cost, charge or expense which may arise as a

--- Page 65 ---
A43917793 
65 
result thereof. Any such determination or calculation made by the Trustee shall be binding on the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
8 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate the 
relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance 
with Condition 8(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 8(d)) no later than the Reference Rate Determination Cut-off Date. In making 
such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8(a) shall act in good 
faith as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Agents, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 8. 
If (i) the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance 
with this Condition 8(a) no later than the Reference Rate Determination Cut-off Date, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest determined using the 
Original Reference Rate last displayed on the relevant Screen Page prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph 
shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this 
Condition 8(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the operation of this Condition 8); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate and 
the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 8). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) shall 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for all relevant future

--- Page 66 ---
A43917793 
66 
Interest Periods. If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread for all relevant future Interest Periods. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 8 and the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then 
the relevant Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 8(e), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the relevant Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed by two 
directors of the relevant Issuer pursuant to Condition 8(e), the Trustee shall (at the expense of the relevant 
Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur 
with the relevant Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution 
of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged 
so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8, the Calculation Agent or any Agent is not 
obliged to concur with the relevant Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 8 to which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation 
Agent or the relevant Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Agent (as applicable) in the Paying Agency 
Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 8(d), the relevant Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted 
to trading. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments determined under this Condition 8 will be notified promptly by the relevant Issuer to the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Agents. In accordance with Condition 21, notice shall be provided 
to the Noteholders promptly thereafter. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the relevant Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent and the Agents a certificate signed by two directors of the relevant Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case may 
be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions 
of this Condition 8; and

--- Page 67 ---
A43917793 
67 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate 
(without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will 
(in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Trustee’s or the Calculation Agent’s or the Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be 
binding on the relevant Issuer, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8, if following the determination of any Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation 
Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making 
any determination or calculation under this Condition 8, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the 
relevant Issuer thereof and the relevant Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such 
direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to 
make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the relevant Issuer thereof and the 
Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in the 
absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the relevant Issuer under Condition 8 (a), (b), (c) and (d), the 
Original Reference Rate and the Screen Rate Determination provisions provided for in Condition 8(c) 
will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(g) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 8: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made, or in the case 
of an Alternative Rate, the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; 
or 
(iii) 
if Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the Independent 
Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 8(b) is customarily applied in international debt capital markets

--- Page 68 ---
A43917793 
68 
transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in 
the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five business days or 
ceasing to exist; or 
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that 
it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences; or 
(5) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that, with effect from a date after 31 December 2021, the Original Reference Rate is or will 
be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or 
(6) 
it has, or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for any Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (2) and 
(3) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (4) 
above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-
paragraph (5) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be 
(or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying 
market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the 
relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the relevant Issuer and promptly notified 
to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent nor the Agents shall have any responsibility for making such determination; 
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in 
the place of the specified office of the Calculation Agent; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate experience in international debt capital markets appointed 
by the relevant Issuer under Condition 8(a); 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes;

--- Page 69 ---
A43917793 
69 
“Reference Rate Determination Cut-off Date” means in any Interest Period, the date that is no later 
than ten business days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest 
Period; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
9 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 9 (Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes) is applicable to 
the Notes only if it is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
The Rate of Interest payable on the Notes will be subject to adjustments from time to time if any Rating Agency 
(or, in any case, any substitute Rating Agency thereof) downgrades (or subsequently upgrades) the rating 
assigned to the Notes, in the manner described below. 
If the rating of the Notes from any one or more of the Rating Agencies (or, in any case, a substitute Rating 
Agency thereof) is a rating specified as a Threshold Rating in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest will 
increase from the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes on the Issue Date by an amount equal to the sum of the 
applicable percentages specified in the relevant Final Terms opposite the Threshold Rating of each Rating 
Agency (or, in any case, a substitute Rating Agency thereof). 
If at any time the Rate of Interest has been adjusted upwards and any Rating Agency (or, in any case, a substitute 
Rating Agency thereof), as the case may be, subsequently increases its rating of the Notes to any of the 
Threshold Ratings specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest will be decreased such that the 
Rate of Interest equals the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes on the Issue Date plus the sum of the 
percentages set forth opposite the applicable Threshold Ratings in the relevant Final Terms, such ratings being 
in effect immediately following the increase. If Moody’s, S&P and Fitch (or, in any case, a substitute Rating 
Agency thereof) subsequently increase the rating of the Notes to Ba2, BBB- or BBB-, respectively (or the 
equivalent of such ratings, in the case of a substitute Rating Agency), or higher, the interest rate on the Notes 
will be decreased to the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes on the date of their issuance plus (if applicable) 
the percentages set forth opposite the applicable Threshold Ratings in the relevant Final Terms, such ratings 
being in effect immediately following the increase. In addition, the Rate of Interest will permanently cease to 
be subject to any adjustment described above (notwithstanding any subsequent decrease in the ratings by any 
of the Rating Agencies) if the Notes become rated Baa1, BBB+ and BBB+ (or the equivalent of such ratings, 
in the case of a substitute Rating Agency) or higher by Moody’s, S&P and Fitch (or, in any case, a substitute 
Rating Agency thereof), respectively (or two of these ratings if the Notes are only rated by two Rating Agencies 
or one of these ratings if the Notes are only rated by one Rating Agency).

--- Page 70 ---
A43917793 
70 
Each adjustment to the Rate of Interest required by any decrease or increase in a Threshold Rating specified in 
the relevant Terms and Conditions, whether occasioned by the action of Moody’s, S&P or Fitch (or, in any case, 
a substitute Rating Agency thereof), shall be made independent of any and all other adjustments. In no event 
shall (1) the Rate of Interest be reduced to below the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes on the Issue Date or 
(2) the total increase in the Rate of Interest exceed the Maximum Increase Amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms above the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes on the Issue Date. 
No adjustments to the Rate of Interest shall be made solely as a result of a Rating Agency ceasing to provide a 
rating of the Notes. If at any time fewer than three Rating Agencies provide a rating of the Notes for a reason 
beyond the control of the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, the relevant Issuer, failing whom, 
the Guarantor, will use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a rating of the Notes from a substitute 
Rating Agency, to the extent that one exists (as determined by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor in good faith), and if a substitute Rating Agency so exists, for purposes of determining any increase 
or decrease in the Rate of Interest pursuant to the Threshold Ratings specified in the relevant Final Terms, (a) 
such substitute Rating Agency will be substituted for the last Rating Agency to provide a rating of the Notes, 
but which has since ceased to provide such rating, (b) the relative rating scale used by such substitute Rating 
Agency to assign ratings to senior unsecured debt will be determined in good faith by an independent investment 
banking institution of national standing appointed by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
and, for purposes of determining the applicable ratings included in the Threshold Ratings specified in the 
relevant Final Terms with respect to such substitute Rating Agency, such ratings will be deemed to be the 
equivalent ratings used by Moody’s, S&P or Fitch, as applicable, in the Threshold Ratings specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (c) the Rate of Interest on the Notes will increase or decrease, as the case may be, such 
that the Rate of Interest equals the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes on the Issue Date plus the appropriate 
percentage, if any, set forth opposite the Threshold Rating from such substitute Rating Agency in the relevant 
Final Terms (taking into account the provisions of clause (b) above) (plus any Applicable Percentage resulting 
from the rating by any other Rating Agency). 
For the purposes of this interest rate adjustment provision, references to ratings include only those ratings on 
the Notes provided by Rating Agencies solicited by the Guarantor. Nothing shall prevent the Guarantor from 
discontinuing any rating on the Notes. The rating ascribed by any Rating Agency that ceases to rate the Notes 
shall be disregarded for purposes of the adjustments to the Rate of Interest set forth above from the time of such 
cessation, and the terms of the following paragraph shall apply. 
For so long as only two Rating Agencies provide a rating of the Notes, any subsequent increase or decrease in 
the Rate of Interest necessitated by a reduction or increase in the ratings by the two Rating Agencies providing 
the rating shall increase or decrease, as applicable, by 1.5 multiplied by the sum of the appropriate percentages 
set forth next to each of such Threshold Ratings in the relevant Final Terms. For so long as only one Rating 
Agency provides a rating of the Notes, any subsequent increase or decrease in the Rate of Interest necessitated 
by a reduction or increase in the rating by the Rating Agency providing the rating shall increase or decrease, as 
applicable, by three multiplied by the appropriate percentage set forth next to such Threshold Rating in the 
relevant Final Terms. For so long as none of Moody’s, S&P, Fitch or a substitute Rating Agency provides a 
rating of the Notes, the Rate of Interest will increase to, or remain at, as the case may be, the Maximum Increase 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms above the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes on the Issue Date. 
Any Rate of Interest increase or decrease described above will take effect from the first day of the Interest 
Period during which a rating change requires an adjustment in the Rate of Interest, subject to the required 
Principal Paying Agent notification period described below. In the event notice of an interest rate increase or 
decrease is received by the Principal Paying Agent less than thirty (30) business days prior to any Interest 
Payment Date, the required adjustments will become effective at the beginning of the next Interest Period. If 
any Rating Agency (or, in any case, a substitute Rating Agency thereof) changes its rating of the Notes more

--- Page 71 ---
A43917793 
71 
than once during any particular Interest Period, the last change by such agency will control for purposes of any 
Rate of Interest increase or decrease with respect to the Notes described above relating to such Rating Agency’s 
action. The Issuer shall promptly give notice to the Principal Paying Agent upon the occurrence of any rating 
adjustment as described herein in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) below, but in no event later than ten 
(10) business days thereafter and at least thirty (30) business days prior to any Interest Payment Date. 
If the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes is increased as described above, the terms “interest,” Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount as used with respect to the Notes, will be deemed to include any such additional interest 
unless the context otherwise requires. 
In this Condition 9 (Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes), references 
to the Rate of Interest shall, for the purposes of any Floating Rate Notes, be deemed to refer to the Margin. 
10 Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 10 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on 
the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
five days after the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Trustee has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such fifth day (except 
to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
11 Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 12 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), each Note being redeemable at the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest

--- Page 72 ---
A43917793 
72 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if, immediately before giving such notice, the relevant 
Issuer satisfies the Trustee that: 
(A) 
(1) the relevant Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 13 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of The Netherlands (in the case of Notes issued by Syngenta 
Netherlands) or Switzerland (in the case of Notes issued by Syngenta Switzerland), as the 
case may be, or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax, or any change in the application or interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it; or 
(B) 
(1) the Guarantor has or (if a demand was made under the Guarantee of the Notes) would 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 13 
(Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
Switzerland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax, or any change in the application or interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Guarantor taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due or (as the case may be) a demand under the 
Guarantee of the Notes were then made. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the relevant Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Trustee a certificate signed by two directors of the relevant 
Issuer stating that the circumstances referred to in (A)(1) and (A)(2) above prevail and setting out the 
details of such circumstances or (as the case may be) a certificate signed by two directors of the 
Guarantor stating that the circumstances referred to in (B)(l) and (B)(2) above prevail and setting out 
details of such circumstances. The Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the circumstances set out in (A) or (as the case may be) (B) above, in 
which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. Upon the expiry of any such notice 
as is referred to in this Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), the relevant Issuer shall be bound 
to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed 
at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole or in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the relevant Issuer’s giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice, or any other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, to the 
Noteholders and having notified the Trustee prior to the provision of such notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall oblige the relevant Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes 
specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) each Note being redeemable 
at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date).

--- Page 73 ---
A43917793 
73 
If Make-Whole Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Optional Redemption Amount 
and the Three Month Par Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being not applicable, 
the Optional Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the 
sum of the present values of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and the 
Remaining Term Interest on such Note (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) 
discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 
30-day months or, in the case of an incomplete month, the number of days elapsed) at the Reference 
Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin. 
If Make-Whole Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Optional Redemption Amount 
and the Three Month Par Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Optional Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the higher 
of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the sum of 
the present values of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining 
Term Interest (Three Month Par Redemption) on such Note (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of 
redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting 
of twelve 30-day months or, in the case of an incomplete month, the number of days elapsed) at the 
Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 11(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default or bad faith) be 
binding on the relevant Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(d) 
Partial redemption 
If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 11(c) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such 
place as the Principal Paying Agent approves and in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent considers 
appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 11(c) (Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the relevant Issuer shall, at 
the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified 
in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with 
interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 11(e) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), or any other period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons 
relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. 
The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt 
to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
accordance with this Condition 11(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), may be withdrawn; 
provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note 
becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused,

--- Page 74 ---
A43917793 
74 
the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as 
may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at 
its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put 
Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this 
Condition 11(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), the depositor of such Note and not such 
Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(f) 
Change of control repurchase 
If a Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then, upon 
the occurrence of a Change of Control Put Event, unless the Issuer has exercised its right to redeem the 
Notes as described under Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) or 11(c) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer), each holder of the Notes will have the right to require the Issuer to purchase all or 
a portion of such holder’s Notes, at a purchase price equal to 101 per cent. of the principal amount thereof 
plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase, subject to the rights of holders to receive 
interest due on the scheduled Interest Payment Dates. 
Within 30 days following the date upon which the Change of Control Put Event occurs or, at the Issuer’s 
option, prior thereto but after the public announcement of the pending Change of Control (defined 
below), the Issuer will send, by first class mail, a notice to each holder of the Notes setting forth its offer 
to purchase the Notes, specifying the purchase date, which will be no earlier than 30 days nor later than 
60 days from the date the notice is mailed, unless otherwise required by law. If mailed prior to the date 
of the Change of Control, the notice will state that the offer is subject to completion of the Change of 
Control. Holders electing to sell their Notes will be required to deposit with any Paying Agent such 
Notes together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto prior to the close of business on the third 
business day prior to the payment date. 
The Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control offer in respect of the Notes if (i) a third 
party makes such an offer in the manner and at the times referred to above and otherwise in compliance 
with the requirements referred to above, and such third-party purchases all Notes properly tendered and 
not withdrawn under its offer or (ii) the Issuer has exercised its right to redeem the Notes as described 
under Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) or 11(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) 
unless and until there is a default in payment of the applicable redemption price. 
(g) 
Three month par redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If the Three Month Par Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
relevant Issuer may, on any date which is on or after the date that is three months prior to the Maturity 
Date of the Notes (the “Three Month Par Optional Redemption Date”), on giving not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days’ notice, or any other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) and to the Trustee and Agents, redeem the 
Notes in whole or in part, at 100 per cent. of the principal amount thereof, together with accrued interest 
and any unpaid and Additional Amounts to but excluding the Three Month Par Optional Redemption 
Date. The relevant Issuer shall notify the Trustee prior to the provision of such notice (which notice shall 
be irrevocable, shall specify the Three Month Par Optional Redemption Date and shall oblige the 
relevant Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the 
Three Month Par Optional Redemption Date). In the case of a partial redemption, the Notes shall be 
selected for redemption either: (a) in accordance with the procedures of the relevant clearing systems; 
or (b) if the Notes are not held in a clearing system or if the relevant clearing system prescribe no method 
of selection, the Notes will be redeemed by drawing lots in such place and in such manner as may be 
fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices; subject, in each

--- Page 75 ---
A43917793 
75 
case, to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant regulatory 
requirements. 
(h) 
No other redemption 
The relevant Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Conditions 11(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 11(g) (Three month par redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) above. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption 
of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms. 
(j) 
Purchase 
The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes 
in the open market or otherwise and at any price which Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the 
option of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, surrendered to any Paying Agent for 
cancellation (provided that, if they are to be cancelled, they are purchased together with all unmatured 
Coupons relating to them). 
(k) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled 
and all Notes so cancelled and any Notes cancelled pursuant to Condition 11(j) (Purchase) above 
(together with all unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith) may not be reissued or resold. 
12 Payments 
(a) 
Principal 
Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in 
full) surrender of Notes to or to the order of any Paying Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn 
in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency 
(or, if that currency is Euro, any other account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a 
sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in London of international repute and in the case of a 
payment in Japanese Yen, to a non-resident of Japan to a non-resident account). 
(b) 
Interest 
Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 12(g) (Payments on business days) below, be made only 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons

--- Page 76 ---
A43917793 
76 
to or to the order of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in 
Condition 12(a) (Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City 
Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York 
City if (i) the relevant Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the principal 
and interest on the Notes in U.S. dollars when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such principal 
and/or interest in U.S. dollars at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded 
by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United 
States law without involving, in the opinion of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax 
consequences to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the 
place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation). No commissions 
or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is 
presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will 
be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as will 
result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the “Relevant 
Coupons”) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, 
that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than the 
amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal 
due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 12(a) (Principal) 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing 
Coupons at any time before expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date in respect of the relevant Note

--- Page 77 ---
A43917793 
77 
(whether or not the Coupon would otherwise have become void pursuant to Condition 15 (Prescription)) 
but not thereafter. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 12(f) (Unmatured Coupons void) is applicable 
or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note 
or early redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 11(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 11(e) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders) or Condition 14 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether 
or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business 
Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount 
due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons 
Payments of interest other than in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation 
of the relevant Notes to or to the order of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York 
City if permitted by Condition 12(c) (Payments in New York City)). 
(i) 
Partial payments 
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented to it for payment, 
such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) part of 
a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged 
at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent for a further Coupon Sheet including, if appropriate, 
a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant 
to Condition 15 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(k) 
Payments for Swiss Franc denominated Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange 
Payments in respect of Swiss Franc denominated Notes that are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange will 
be made irrespective of any present or future transfer restrictions and without regard to any bilateral or 
multilateral payment or clearing agreement which may be applicable at the time of such payments. The 
receipt by the Swiss Paying Agent of the due and punctual payment of funds in Swiss Francs in 
Switzerland shall release the relevant Issuer from its obligations under the Swiss Franc denominated 
Notes (and any Receipts and Coupons appertaining to them) for the payment of principal and interest to 
the extent of such payment, except to the extent that there is a default in the subsequent payment thereof 
to the holders of the Notes (and any Coupons and Receipts appertaining to them). Payment of principal 
and/or interest under Swiss Franc denominated Notes (and any Receipts and Coupons appertaining to 
them) shall be payable in freely transferable Swiss Francs without collection costs in Switzerland at the 
specified offices located in Switzerland of the Swiss Paying Agents upon their surrender without any 
restrictions and whatever the circumstances may be, irrespective of nationality, domicile or residence of

--- Page 78 ---
A43917793 
78 
the holders of the Swiss Franc denominated Notes (and any Coupons and Receipts appertaining to them) 
and without requiring any certification, affidavit or the fulfilment of any other formality. 
13 Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding of, or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by The Netherlands, in 
the case of payments by Syngenta Netherlands, or Switzerland, in the case of payments by Syngenta 
Switzerland or the Guarantor, or, in each case, any political subdivision or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or regulation of 
The Netherlands or Switzerland or any political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax. In that event, the relevant Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts 
as would have been received by them if no such withholding or deduction had been required, except that 
no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
where a holder or beneficial owner which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection 
with The Netherlands or (as the case may be) Switzerland other than the mere holding of the Note 
or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Issuer is Syngenta Switzerland and payments which qualify as interest for 
Swiss withholding tax purposes are subject to Swiss withholding tax according to Swiss Federal 
Withholding Tax Law of 13 October 1965; or 
(iii) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to laws enacted by 
Switzerland providing for the taxation of payments according to principles similar to those laid 
down in the draft legislation proposed by the Swiss Federal Council on 24 August 2011 (reform 
of the Swiss withholding tax regime to a paying agent system), in particular, the principle to have 
a person other than the Issuer withhold or deduct tax; or 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to an agreement between 
Switzerland and other countries on final withholding taxes levied by Swiss paying agents in 
respect of persons resident in the other country on income of such person on Notes booked or 
deposited with a Swiss paying agent (Abgeltungssteuer); or 
(v) 
by or on behalf of a holder or beneficial owner who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another Paying Agent in 
a Member State of the European Union; 
(vi) 
in respect of which a holder or beneficial owner fails to comply with a timely request of the Issuer 
or Guarantor, addressed to the holder, to provide information concerning such holder’s or 
beneficial owner’s nationality, residence, identity or connection with Switzerland or The 
Netherlands, if and to the extent that due and timely compliance with such request would have 
reduced or eliminated any withholding or deduction as to which additional amounts would have 
otherwise been payable to such holder; or

--- Page 79 ---
A43917793 
79 
(vii) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant holder or 
beneficial owner would have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented such 
Note or Coupon on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If the relevant Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than The Netherlands 
(in the case of Notes issued by Syngenta Netherlands) or Switzerland (in the case of Notes issued by 
Syngenta Switzerland) or the Guarantor become subject to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
Switzerland, references in these Conditions to The Netherlands or Switzerland shall be construed as 
references to such other jurisdiction to which the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, 
becomes subject in respect of payments of principal and interest on the Notes and Coupons made by it. 
(c) 
FATCA Withholding 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor shall 
be entitled to withhold and deduct any amounts required to be deducted or withheld pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder 
or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and 
another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any law implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”), and 
neither the relevant Issuer nor the Guarantor (as the case may be) shall pay any additional amounts in 
respect of FATCA Withholding. 
14 Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, then the Trustee at its discretion may and, if so requested 
in writing by holders of at least one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, shall (subject, in the case of the happening of any 
of the events mentioned in Conditions 14(b), 14(c), 14(d), 14(e), 14(f) and 14(h)(ii) below, to the Trustee having 
certified in writing that the happening of such event is in its opinion materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders and to the Trustee having been indemnified and/or prefunded and/or provided with security to its 
satisfaction) give written notice to the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor declaring the Notes to be immediately 
due and payable, whereupon each Note shall become immediately due and payable at the Early Termination 
Amount together with accrued interest without further action or formality. 
(a) 
Non-payment 
If default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or any of them 
and the default continues for a period of 10 days in respect of payments of principal and 30 days in 
respect of payments of interest following the service by any Noteholder or by the Trustee on the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) of written notice in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) 
or the Trust Deed (as appropriate) requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations 
If the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these 
Conditions and the failure continues for a period of 60 days or such longer period as the Trustee may 
permit next following the service by the Trustee on the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may 
be) of written notice requiring the same to be remedied; or

--- Page 80 ---
A43917793 
80 
(c) 
Cross-acceleration and cross-default of Guarantor 
If any Funded Debt of the Guarantor becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of 
default (however described) or the Guarantor fails to make any payment in respect of any Funded Debt 
on the due date for payment as extended by any originally applicable grace period or any security given 
by the Guarantor for any Funded Debt becomes enforceable provided that no event shall constitute an 
Event of Default unless the Funded Debt either alone or when aggregated with other Funded Debt 
relative to all (if any) other events described in this sub-paragraph (c) which shall have occurred since 
the date hereof and which remain due and unpaid or shall have not been remedied shall amount to at 
least U.S. $125,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or, if higher, a sum equal to 0.5 per 
cent. of the Total Assets; or 
(d) 
Security enforced 
An encumbrancer or a receiver or a person with similar functions appointed for execution in Switzerland 
(for example, Sachwalter or Konkursverwalter) taking possession of the whole or any substantial part 
of the assets or undertaking of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or a distress, execution or other 
process being levied or enforced upon or sued out against a substantial part of the property or assets of 
the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor and not being paid, discharged, removed or stayed within 30 days; 
or 
(e) 
Insolvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
The relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (i) stops payment of, or shall admit to its creditors its inability to 
pay, its debts generally as they mature or (ii) ceases business, (except in each case in circumstances 
previously approved by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders); or 
(f) 
Bankruptcy of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
The relevant Issuer or the Guarantor becoming bankrupt or insolvent (or the Issuer (in the case of Notes 
issued by Syngenta Switzerland) or the Guarantor, is obligated to notify the court of its financial situation 
in accordance with Article 725 part 2 of the Swiss Code of Obligations) or entering into a moratorium 
or making a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or 
(g) 
Winding-up of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
An order being made or a resolution passed for the liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor except (A) a liquidation, winding-up or dissolution for the purposes of or 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or reconstruction or reorganisation (1) pursuant to 
which the surviving company expressly assumes all the obligations of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, and, in the case of a liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the relevant 
Issuer, such obligations are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor on terms 
substantially the same as those of the Guarantee of the Notes, or (2) the terms of which have previously 
been approved by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or (B) a liquidation, 
winding-up or dissolution (if any) pursuant to a substitution under Condition 18 (Meetings of 
Noteholders; Modifications and Waiver; Substitution); or 
(h) 
Guarantee of the Notes not in force 
If (i) the Guarantee of the Notes ceases to be, or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be, in full force and 
effect or (ii) if the Guarantor fails to honour any of its obligations thereunder.

--- Page 81 ---
A43917793 
81 
15 Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten years of 
the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented 
for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date subject to the provisions of Condition 12 
(Payments). 
16 Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified Office 
of the Principal Paying Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent 
in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in 
connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the 
relevant Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
17 Trustee and Agents 
Under the Trust Deed, the Trustee is entitled to be indemnified and relieved from responsibility in certain 
circumstances and to be paid its costs and expenses in priority to the claims of Noteholders. In addition, the 
Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuers, the Guarantor and any entity related to 
the Issuers or the Guarantor without accounting for any profit. 
In the exercise of its powers and discretions under these Conditions and the Trust Deed, the Trustee shall have 
regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any interests arising 
from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or Couponholders whatever their number) and, in 
particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled 
or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any 
political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or 
Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the relevant Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 13 (Taxation) and/or any undertaking 
given in addition thereto or in substitution thereof under the Trust Deed. 
In acting under the Paying Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuers, the Guarantor and (to the extent provided therein) the Trustee and do 
not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if 
any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuers and the Guarantor reserve the right (with the prior 
written approval of the Trustee) at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to 
appoint a successor Principal Paying Agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; 
provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuers and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Principal Paying Agent;

--- Page 82 ---
A43917793 
82 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor shall 
at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in 
any particular place, the Issuers and the Guarantor shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified 
Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices). 
18 Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating 
to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions or the provisions of the 
Trust Deed. Any such modification may be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting 
may be convened by the Trustee, the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (acting together) or by the Trustee 
upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be one or more Persons holding or representing more than half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more Persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that 
Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders at which one or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any 
adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a 
quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders under the Trust Deed will take effect as if it were 
an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
Article 1157 et seqq. of the Swiss Code of Obligations includes mandatory provisions on bondholder 
meetings which may apply in relation to meetings of holders of Notes issued by Syngenta Switzerland. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, agree (i) to any 
modification of these Conditions or the Trust Deed (other than in respect of Reserved Matters) which is, 
in the opinion of the Trustee, proper to make if, in the opinion of the Trustee, such modification will not 
be materially prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders and (ii) to any modification of the Notes or the 
Trust Deed which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is to correct a manifest error or a proven 
error. 
In addition, the Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, authorise or 
waive any proposed breach or breach of the Notes or the Trust Deed if, in the opinion of the Trustee, the 
interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby (other than in respect of Reserved 
Matters).

--- Page 83 ---
A43917793 
83 
Any such authorisation, waiver or modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and, unless the 
Trustee agrees otherwise, any such authorisation, waiver or modification shall be notified to the 
Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(c) 
Substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions under which the Trustee shall agree without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders to the substitution of either (i) the Guarantor or (ii) any Subsidiary of the 
Guarantor or (iii) any Holding Company or Successor in Business of the Guarantor or (iv) any 
Subsidiary of any such Holding Company or such Successor in Business in place of the relevant Issuer 
as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes. 
In the case of a substitution of the relevant Issuer by the Guarantor or a Successor in Business of the 
Guarantor, the Guarantor’s obligations to guarantee the Notes shall terminate. 
In the case of a substitution of the relevant Issuer by any Holding Company of the Guarantor, the 
Guarantor’s obligations to guarantee the Notes shall terminate if such Holding Company of the 
Guarantor is given a rating at least equal to the rating of the Guarantor by an internationally recognised 
rating agency immediately before such substitution. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions under which the Trustee shall agree without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders to the substitution of either any Holding Company or Successor in 
Business of the Guarantor in place of the Guarantor under the Guarantee of the Notes. 
Neither the Trustee, nor any Noteholder or Couponholder shall, in connection with any substitution, be 
entitled to claim any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence thereof for such 
Noteholder or (as the case may be) Couponholder except to the extent provided for in Condition 13 
(Taxation) (or any undertaking given in addition to or substitution for it pursuant to the provisions of the 
Trust Deed). 
By subscribing to or purchasing the Notes, the Noteholders expressly consent to the substitution of the 
relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor and expressly consent to the release of the relevant Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor (subject as provided above) from any and all obligations in respect of the Notes and are 
deemed to have expressly accepted such substitution. 
19 Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, institute such proceedings against the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor as it thinks fit to enforce its rights under the Trust Deed in respect of the Notes, but it 
shall not be bound to do unless: 
(a) 
it has been so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-quarter of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes or has been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(b) 
it has been indemnified or prefunded or provided with security to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder may proceed directly against the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor unless the Trustee, having 
become bound to do so, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
20 Further Issues 
The relevant Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders and 
in accordance with the Trust Deed, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single Series with

--- Page 84 ---
A43917793 
84 
the Notes, provided that in the case of Notes which were issued in accordance with United States Treasury 
Regulation 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor rules in substantially the same form as the rules in such 
regulations for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code that are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for interests in a Permanent Global Note or Definitive Notes, such consolidation can only occur 
following the exchange of interests in the Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note 
or Definitive Notes upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. The relevant Issuer may from time to 
time, with the consent of the Trustee, create and issue other Series of notes having the benefit of the Trust Deed. 
21 Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper published 
in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a 
leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 21 (Notices). 
Notices in respect of the Swiss Franc denominated Notes will be published (so long as the Notes are listed on 
the SIX Swiss Exchange AG and so long as the rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange AG so require) (i) on the 
website of the SIX Swiss Exchange AG on www.six-swiss-exchange.com (where notices are currently 
published under http://www.six-swiss-exchange.com/news/official_notices/search_en.html) or (ii) in 
compliance with any other regulations of SIX Swiss Exchange AG. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together with the 
relative Note or Notes, with the relevant Paying Agent. 
22 Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent., being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), 
(b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest 
cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest 
two decimal places in such currency (with 0.005 being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention). 
23 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by English law.

--- Page 85 ---
A43917793 
85 
(b) 
English courts 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”) arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes, the Coupons or the Trust Deed (including a dispute regarding the existence, 
validity or termination of the Notes, the Coupons or the Trust Deed or any non-contractual obligation 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Coupons or the Trust Deed) or the consequences of 
their nullity. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum 
The Issuers and the Guarantor agree that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient 
courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that they will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England 
Condition 23(b) (English courts) is for the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this 
Condition 23 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction) prevents any Noteholder from taking proceedings 
relating to a Dispute (“Proceedings”) in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, 
Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Process agent 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor agrees that the process by which any Proceedings in England are 
begun may be served on it by being delivered to Syngenta Limited, Attention: Company Secretary at 
Jealott’s Hill International Research Centre, Bracknell, Berkshire, RG42 6EY or its registered office for 
the time being or at any other address for the time being at which process may be served on such person 
in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 (with a copy of any process to be served on Syngenta 
Finance N.V. Attention: Edwin Pool, Westeinde 62, 1601 BK Enkhuizen, The Netherlands). If such 
person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuers 
and the Guarantor, the Issuers and the Guarantor (acting together) shall, on the written demand of the 
Trustee, appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on their behalf and, failing such 
appointment within 15 days, the Trustee shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice to 
the Issuers and the Guarantor. Nothing in this sub clause shall affect the right of the Trustee or any 
Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 86 ---
A43917793 
86 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be in the following form, duly completed to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form 
part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products] / 
[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and [are] [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment 
Products.)] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]1 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of  UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate [Consider any negative target market].   
[Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)][distributor] should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
 
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach.  
2 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach.

--- Page 87 ---
A43917793 
87 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the 
“EUWA”)][EUWA]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA][UK MiFIR]; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129][the Prospectus Regulation] as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key 
information document required by [Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014][the PRIIPs Regulation] as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]4 
Final Terms dated [date] 
[Syngenta Finance N.V./Syngenta Finance AG]5 
[LEI: 54930042S3BYCEGOCN86/529900N01HMPQ5QK4H13] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] Guaranteed by 
Syngenta AG 
[LEI: 549300HTOMQG20JYV568] 
under the 
U.S. $7,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[The following language applies in the case of Notes issued by Syngenta Finance N.V.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 26 April 2021 [and the supplement[s] thereto dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)][the 
Prospectus Regulation]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s] thereto dated [date]]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the 
 
3 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors” under Part B item 9 (Distribution) of the Final Terms should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
4 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case “Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors” under Part B item 9 (Distribution) of the Final Terms should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
5 
No Notes issued by Syngenta Finance AG will be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA.

--- Page 88 ---
A43917793 
88 
supplement[s] thereto dated [date]]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] thereto] [is] [are] available for 
viewing [at www.bourse.lu] and the website of the Issuers [at https://www.syngenta.com/] [and] during normal 
business hours at the offices of Syngenta Finance N.V. at Westeinde 62, 1601 BK Enkhuizen, The Netherlands 
and The Bank of New York Mellon at One Canada Square, London E14 5AL, United Kingdom and copies may 
be obtained from the offices of Syngenta Finance N.V. at Westeinde 62, 1601 BK Enkhuizen, The Netherlands 
and The Bank of New York Mellon at One Canada Square, London E14 5AL. The Final Terms in respect of 
Notes which are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be 
available for viewing on the website of the Issuers (https://www.syngenta.com/) and the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
[The following language applies in the case of Notes issued by Syngenta Finance AG.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 26 April 2021 [and the supplement[s] thereto dated [date]]. This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [and 
the supplement[s] thereto dated [date]]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes 
is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s] thereto dated [date]]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] thereto] [is] [are] available for 
viewing during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
by Syngenta Finance N.V. under a Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [21 March 2014/6 April 2018/16 March 2020]. This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of [Article 5.4 of] [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”)][the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 26 April 2021 [and the supplement[s] thereto dated [date]], which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are 
extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [21 March 2014/6 April 2018/16 March 2020]. Full information on 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectuses dated [21 March 2014/6 April 2018/16 March 2020] and 26 April 2021 
[and the supplement[s] thereto dated [date] and [date]]. The Base Prospectuses [and the supplement[s] thereto] 
are available for viewing [at www.bourse.lu] [and] [at https://www.syngenta.com/] [and] during normal 
business hours at the offices of Syngenta Finance N.V. at Westeinde 62, 1601 BK Enkhuizen, The Netherlands 
and The Bank of New York Mellon at One Canada Square, London E14 5AL, United Kingdom and copies may 
be obtained from the offices of Syngenta Finance N.V. at Westeinde 62, 1601 BK Enkhuizen, The Netherlands 
and The Bank of New York Mellon at One Canada Square, London E14 5AL. The Final Terms in respect of 
Notes which are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be 
available for viewing on the website of the Issuers (https://www.syngenta.com/) and the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
by Syngenta Finance AG under a Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [21 March 2014/6 April 2018/16 March 2020]. This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 
26 April 2021 [and the supplement[s] thereto dated [date]], save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted 
from the Base Prospectus dated [21 March 2014/6 April 2018/16 March 2020]. Full information on the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms

--- Page 89 ---
A43917793 
89 
and the Base Prospectuses dated [21 March 2014/6 April 2018/16 March 2020] and 26 April 2021 [and the 
supplement[s] thereto dated [date] and [date]]. The Base Prospectuses [and the supplement[s] thereto] are 
available for viewing during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1 
[(i) 
Series Number: 
 
[●]] 
[(ii) 
[Tranche Number: 
 
[●]] 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [●] Notes due [●] issued on [●] as Series [●] 
Tranche [●] on [[●]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 21 below]] 
2 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
 
[●] 
3 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
 
[●] 
[(ii)] 
[Tranche: 
 
[●]] 
4 
Issue Price: 
 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
5 
(i) 
 
Specified Denominations:6 
 
[●] 
(ii)  
Calculation Amount:7 
 
[●] 
6 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
 
[●] 
[(ii)] 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7 
Maturity Date: 
 
[[●]/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[relevant month and year]] 
8 
Interest Basis: 
 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
6 
If an issue of Notes is (i) NOT admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA; and (ii) only offered in the EEA in circumstances where 
a prospectus is not required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the €100,000 minimum denomination is not required. Notes 
(including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 FSMA and which have a maturity of less than one year must have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). If the specified denomination is expressed to be €100,000 or its equivalent 
and integral multiples of a lower principal amount (for example, €1,000) in excess thereof, insert the additional wording as follows: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000], No Notes in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above [€199,000].” For Notes admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange the specified denomination will 
be CHF 5,000 and multiples thereof. 
7 
The applicable Calculation Amount will be (i) if there is only one Specified Denomination, the Specified Denomination of the relevant Notes 
or (ii) if there are several Specified Denominations or the Specified Denomination is expressed to be €100,000 or its equivalent and multiples 
of a lower principal amount (for example, €1,000) in excess thereof the highest common factor of those Specified Denominations (note: there 
must be a common factor in the case of two or more Specified Denominations).

--- Page 90 ---
A43917793 
90 
9 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal amount] 
10 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
[Applicable: [give details of change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis]/Not Applicable] 
11 
Put/Call Options: 
 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Three Months Par Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes [and Guarantee] obtained: 
 
[●] [and [●], respectively]/Not Applicable 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii)  
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii)  
Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv)  
Broken Amount(s): 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v)  
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)/ Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
14 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
 
Specified Period:8 
 
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates:9 
 
[●] 
 
(iii)  
Business Day Convention: 
 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/FRN Convention/Floating Rate 
 
8 
 Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than Specified Interest Payment Dates, will 
only be relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, 
insert “Not Applicable”. 
9 
 Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert “Not Applicable”.

--- Page 91 ---
A43917793 
91 
Convention/Eurodollar Convention/No Adjustment] 
 
(iv)  
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(v)  
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vi)  
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii)  
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
 
[EURIBOR/LIBOR/[Specify rate]] 
 
 
• 
Applicable Maturity: 
 
[●] 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
 
[●] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
 
[●] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
 
[●] 
 
(viii)  
ISDA Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
 
[●] 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
 
[●] 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(ix)  
Linear Interpolation: 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(x)  
Margin(s): 
 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi)  
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
[[●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii)  
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
 
[[●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii)  
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)/ Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest 
(Condition 9): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph.)

--- Page 92 ---
A43917793 
92 
 
(i) 
 
Threshold Ratings: 
 
Moody’s Threshold Ratings(1) 
Percentage 
 
 
 
 
Ba3 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
 
 
B1 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
 
 
B2 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
 
 
B3 or below 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
Including the equivalent ratings 
of any substitute Rating Agency. 
 
 
 
 
 
S&P Threshold Ratings(1) 
Percentage 
 
 
 
 
BB+ 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
 
 
BB 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
 
 
BB- 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
 
 
B+ or below 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
Including the equivalent ratings 
of any substitute Rating Agency. 
 
 
 
 
 
Fitch Threshold Ratings(1) 
Percentage 
 
 
 
 
BB+ 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
 
 
BB 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
 
 
BB- 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
 
 
B+ or below 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
Including the equivalent ratings 
of any substitute Rating Agency. 
 
 
(ii)  
Maximum Increase 
Amount: 
 
[●] per cent.  
 
16 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
 
Accrual Yield: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii)  
Reference Price: 
 
[●] 
 
(iii)  
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)/ Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17 
Call Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
and method, if any, of 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Make-Whole Amount:

--- Page 93 ---
A43917793 
93 
calculation of such 
amount(s): 
 
 
 
 
(A) 
Reference Bond: 
[●]/FA Selected Bond 
 
 
 
 
(B) 
Reference Bond Rate: 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
(C) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
(D) 
Quotation Time: 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
(E) 
Redemption Margin: 
[●]] 
 
(iii)  
Notice Period: 
 
[As set out in Condition 11(c)/[●]] 
18 
Three Month Par Call  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
19 
Put Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii)  
Notice Period: 
 
[As set out in Condition 11(e)/[●]] 
20 
Change of Control Put Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
21 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
22 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
(i) 
 
Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax) per 
Calculation Amount 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons: 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii)  
Early Termination Amount 
per Calculation Amount 
payable on redemption on 
event of default: 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23 
Form of Notes:  
 
Bearer Notes:10 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note.] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
 
10 The exchange upon notice/at any time options should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 
6(i) includes language substantially to the following effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].” Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.

--- Page 94 ---
A43917793 
94 
Notes on [●] days’ notice.] 
[Permanent Global Note11 exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note.] 
[Swiss Global Note] 
24 
New Global Note: 
 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
25 
Additional Financial Centre(s):12 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
26 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
 
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
27 
Calculation Agent: 
 
[Not Applicable/Principal Paying Agent/[●]] 
[REPRESENTATION - SIX listed Notes only 
In accordance with article 43 par. 1 of the Listing Rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer has appointed 
[name of recognised representative], located at [address of recognised representatives] as representative to 
lodge the listing application with SIX Swiss Exchange.] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
SIGNED on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
By: ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
 
 
SIGNED on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
By: ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
11 Not available for issuances pursuant to TEFRA D, which require the Notes to be initially represented by a Temporary Global Note, 
exchangeable for interests in a Permanent Global Note or Definitive Notes upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
12 Note that this item relates to the date and place of payment, and not interest period end dates, to which items 15(ii) and 16(iv) relate.

--- Page 95 ---
A43917793 
95 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING 
 
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange /SIX 
Swiss Exchange/[●] (Specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
[regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
with effect from [●].] (To be included only for Notes 
issued by Syngenta Finance N.V.) 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
[regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
with effect from [●]/Not Applicable] (To be included only 
for Notes issued by Syngenta Finance N.V.) 
[The Notes have been provisionally admitted to trading on 
the SIX Swiss Exchange with effect from [●]. The last 
trading day will be three trading days prior to redemption 
of the Notes. 
Application for definitive listing of the Notes to be listed 
in accordance with the Standard for bonds on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange will be made as soon as practicable and 
(if granted will only be granted after the Issue Date).] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
2 
RATINGS 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Italy Branch/Moody’s Investors Service Limited/Fitch Ratings 
Ltd/[●]]:[●] 
(Include a description of the ratings) 
[[●] is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”), and is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website (www.esma.europa.eu/page/List- registered-and-
certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation] / [[●] is not established in the EEA and is not 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”); however, the 
rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [●], which is established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation] 
3 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER [AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS]13
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer for general corporate purposes of 
the Guarantor’s operating subsidiaries, including, 
 
13 Include only if Notes are issued that require information to be given in accordance with Annex XII of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980.

--- Page 96 ---
A43917793 
96 
without limitation, the refinancing of outstanding 
indebtedness/[●]] 
 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base Prospectus. 
If the use of proceeds is different from general corporate 
purposes, include those reasons here) 
(ii) 
[Estimated net proceeds: 
 
[●]] 
4 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/ OFFER] 
[(Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement:)] 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes [other than [●]] has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and [their/its] affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
5 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD  
 
Indication of yield: 
 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
6 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Swiss Security Number: 
 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and/or Clearstream Banking, 
société anonyme and/or SIX SIS 
AG and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(v) 
Delivery: 
 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vi) 
[Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):] [In the case of CHF 
Notes: Names and addresses of 
the Swiss Principal Paying 
Agent and of the Swiss 
Principal Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):] 
 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such

--- Page 97 ---
A43917793 
97 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/[No. 
Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]] 
 
(viii) Relevant Benchmark: 
 
[[[EURIBOR]/[LIBOR]/[specify benchmark] is provided 
by [administrator legal name]]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not appear]] 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 
36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”).]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does 
not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(as amended, the “Benchmarks Regulation”).]/[Not 
Applicable] 
7 
SIX listed Notes only – INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER’S MOST RECENT BUSINESS 
PERFORMANCE 
(Need to include general information on the performance of the Issuer’s and of the Guarantor’s 
business performance.)/Not Applicable 
8 
SIX listed Notes only – MATERIAL CHANGES SINCE THE MOST RECENT ANNUAL 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(Need to include material changes that have occurred in the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s assets and 
liabilities, financial position and profits and losses since the close of the last financial year or the 
balance sheet date of the interim financial statements. If no material changes have occurred, include a 
negative statement.)/Not Applicable 
9 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(iii) 
[Date of Subscription 
Agreement:] 
 
[[●]] 
 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]]

--- Page 98 ---
A43917793 
98 
 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable]14 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared, sales of such 
Notes to EEA Retail Investors should be prohibited and, 
therefore, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, sales of such Notes to EEA Retail Investors do not 
need to be prohibited and, therefore, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified). 
 
 
(viii) Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared, sales of such 
Notes to UK Retail Investors should be prohibited and, 
therefore, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, sales of such Notes to UK Retail Investors do not 
need to be prohibited and, therefore, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified). 
 
14 “TEFRA not applicable” may only be used in the case of Notes with a maturity of one year or less (taking into account any unilateral extension 
or rollover rights).

--- Page 99 ---
A43917793 
99 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note or, as the case may be, Swiss Global Note (each, a 
“Global Note”) will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Temporary Global Note or, as the case 
may be, Permanent Global Note which, for so long as the Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, 
Permanent Global Note is held by a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the 
case of a NGN, for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, will be that common depositary or, as the case 
may be, common safekeeper. In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Swiss Global Note, references 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Swiss 
Global Note which, for so long as the Swiss Global Note is held by a depositary for SIS and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, will be that depositary. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or SIS and/or any 
other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an “Accountholder”) must 
look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or SIS and/or such other relevant clearing system 
(as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note. 
The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global 
Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or SIS and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are 
represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note (other than a Swiss Global Note) will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those 
provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender (if the Global Note is not intended to 
be issued in NGN form) of the Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent and will be effective to 
satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the relevant Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each 
occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the relevant Issuer 
shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto, which endorsements will be 
prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes, and in respect of a NGN the 
payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, shall be: if the currency of payment is euro, any day 
which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in 
each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre.

--- Page 100 ---
A43917793 
100 
Exercise of change of control put option: In order to exercise the right to require repurchase of a Note under 
Condition 11(f) (Change of control repurchase), the holder of the Permanent Global Note must, within the 
relevant period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his 
instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a 
common safekeeper, in the case of a NGN, for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg to the Principal 
Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg from 
time to time and at the same time present or procure the presentation of the Permanent Global Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 11(e) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for 
the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Principal Paying 
Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such 
notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 11(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may 
be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the relevant Issuer in accordance with the Conditions 
and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but will be selected in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other clearing 
system (as the case may be) as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 21 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global 
Note and/or a Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note is/are 
deposited with a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in 
any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 
(Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall also be published in a 
leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note or a Temporary Global Note, such notice 
may be given by any holder of such Permanent Global Note or Temporary Global Note to the Principal Paying 
Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal 
Paying Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose.

--- Page 101 ---
A43917793 
101 
DESCRIPTION OF SYNGENTA FINANCE N.V. 
General 
Syngenta Finance N.V. (“Syngenta Netherlands”) was incorporated on 20 March 2007 as a public company 
with limited liability incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands. 
Syngenta Netherlands has been incorporated for an unlimited period of time and it is registered with the trade 
register of the Chamber of Commerce under number 37131823. The head office of the Chamber of Commerce 
is located at Kroonstraat 50, 3511 RC Utrecht, The Netherlands. 
The corporate seat of Syngenta Netherlands is in Amsterdam, its registered office is Westeinde 62, 1601 BK 
Enkhuizen, The Netherlands and its phone number is +31 228 366411. 
Share Capital and Shareholders 
The authorised share capital of Syngenta Netherlands amounts to EUR 225,000. It is divided into 225,000 shares 
of EUR 1 each. The issued and fully paid-up share capital of Syngenta Netherlands amounts to EUR 45,000. 
Syngenta Netherlands is a wholly owned subsidiary of Syngenta Treasury N.V., a public company with limited 
liability incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands and registered with the trade register of the Chamber 
of Commerce under number 37131821, and which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Syngenta Crop Protection 
AG, which is itself a wholly owned subsidiary of Syngenta AG. 
Dividends 
Syngenta Netherlands has not made any dividend payments during the last five years. 
Subsidiaries 
Syngenta Netherlands has no subsidiaries. 
Business 
The corporate objects of Syngenta Netherlands are set out in article 2 of Syngenta Netherlands’ articles of 
association dated 20 March 2007. Article 2 reads as follows: 
The objects of Syngenta Netherlands are to participate in, take an interest in any other way in and 
conduct the management of other business enterprises of whatever nature, to borrow, lend and raise funds, 
amongst other by issuing bonds, promissory notes and other financial instruments and evidence of indebtedness 
as well as to enter into agreements, of any kind whatsoever in connection with such financing activities, 
to finance group companies and third parties and in any way to provide security or undertake the obligations 
of group companies and third parties, to invest in securities of any kind whatsoever to enter into foreign 
exchange transactions of any kind whatsoever as well as any kind of commodity and derivative transactions 
with group companies as well as with other parties and finally all activities which are incidental or may be 
conductive to any of the foregoing. 
Syngenta Netherlands is also a borrower under a U.S. $3,000,000,000 Revolving Credit Facility Agreement 
dated 2 November 2012 (as amended pursuant to an amendment letter dated 28 January 2016 and as amended 
and restated pursuant to an amendment agreement dated 10 May 2017).

--- Page 102 ---
A43917793 
102 
Management 
Syngenta Netherlands is managed by a managing board. The following individuals are acting as managing 
directors: 
Name 
 
Responsibilities in 
Syngenta Netherlands 
 
Principal activities outside Syngenta 
Netherlands 
Richard Peletier 
 
Managing Director 
 
Finance Operations Head Benelux/Nordics and 
acting as director in other Group companies 
Laurens Veldhuizen 
 
Managing Director 
 
Legal Counsel and acting as director in other 
Group companies 
Mark Nijhof 
 
Managing Director 
 
Head Corporate Finance Operations and acting as 
director in other Group companies 
 
The business address of each of Richard Peletier and Laurens Veldhuizen is at Westeinde 62, NL-1601 BK 
Enkhuizen, The Netherlands. The business address of Mark Nijhof is at Rosentalstrasse 67, CH-4058 Basel, 
Switzerland. 
There are no conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interests between the duties to Syngenta 
Netherlands of each of the members of Syngenta Netherlands’ managing board listed above and their 
private interests or other duties. 
Financial Statements 
See “Information Incorporated by Reference” for information on the financial statements of Syngenta 
Netherlands incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The independent auditors of Syngenta Netherlands are KPMG Accountants N.V., whose registered office is 
Laan van Langerhuize 1, 1186 DS Amstelveen, The Netherlands. 
Notices of Meetings of Shareholders 
Notices of meetings shall be sent by registered or regular letter to the addresses stated in the shareholders 
register.

--- Page 103 ---
A43917793 
103 
DESCRIPTION OF SYNGENTA FINANCE AG 
General 
Syngenta Finance AG (“Syngenta Switzerland”) was incorporated on 24 July 2006 as a corporation 
(Aktiengesellschaft) under the laws of Switzerland. 
Syngenta Switzerland has been incorporated for an unlimited period of time and is registered with the 
commercial register of the Canton of Basel-Stadt, Switzerland under number CHE-113.036.746 (formerly: 
CH- 270.3.013.761-2). 
The registered office of Syngenta Switzerland is c/o Syngenta Crop Protection AG, Rosentalstrasse 67, 4058 
Basel, Switzerland and its phone number is +41 61 323 11 11. 
Share Capital and Shareholders 
The authorised share capital of Syngenta Switzerland amounts to CHF 10,000,000. It is divided into 
10,000 registered shares of CHF 1,000 each. 
Syngenta Switzerland is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Syngenta AG. 
Dividends 
Syngenta Switzerland has not made any dividend payments during the last five years. 
Subsidiaries 
Syngenta Switzerland has no subsidiaries. 
Business 
According to article 2 of the articles of incorporation (Statuten) of Syngenta Switzerland as at 27 November 
2008, its purpose is to provide funding and financial services to the operations of the domestic and foreign 
subsidiaries of Syngenta AG. In particular, it can raise funds from third parties and provide collateral and 
issue guarantees in favour of other subsidiaries of Syngenta AG. Syngenta Switzerland may acquire, mortgage, 
liquidate or sell real estate and intellectual property rights in Switzerland or abroad. Syngenta Switzerland 
is also a borrower under a U.S. $3,000,000,000 Revolving Credit Facility Agreement dated 2 November 2012 
(as amended pursuant to an amendment letter dated 28 January 2016 and as amended and restated pursuant to 
an amendment agreement dated 10 May 2017). In 2019, the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement was extended 
for another year and will mature in 2024. 
Management 
Syngenta Switzerland is managed by a Board of Directors which is composed of the following persons: 
Name 
 
Responsibilities in 
Syngenta Switzerland 
 
Principal activities outside 
Syngenta Switzerland 
Timon Sartorius 
 
Chairman of the Board 
 
Head Corporate Legal Affairs and acting as 
director in other Group companies

--- Page 104 ---
A43917793 
104 
Name 
 
Responsibilities in 
Syngenta Switzerland 
 
Principal activities outside 
Syngenta Switzerland 
René Röthlisberger 
 
Member of the Board 
 
Head Group Taxation and acting as director in 
other Group companies 
Mark Nijhof 
 
Member of the Board 
 
Head Corporate Finance Operations and acting as 
director in other Group companies 
 
The business address of each of the Directors is at Rosentalstrasse 67, 4058 Basel, Switzerland. 
There are no conflicts of interests or potential conflicts of interests between the duties to Syngenta 
Switzerland of each of the members of the Board listed above and their private interests or other duties. 
Financial Statements 
See “Information Incorporated by Reference” for information on the financial statements of Syngenta 
Switzerland incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The statutory auditors of Syngenta Switzerland are KPMG AG, whose registered office is Viaduktstrasse 42, 
4002 Basel, Switzerland. 
Notices 
Publications are made in the Swiss Commercial Gazette; communications to the shareholders are made by 
regular letter or in the Swiss Commercial Gazette.

--- Page 105 ---
A43917793 
105 
DESCRIPTION OF SYNGENTA AG 
Overview and History 
Syngenta AG (“Syngenta”) was incorporated on 12 November 1999 as a corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) under 
the laws of Switzerland. Syngenta has been incorporated for an unlimited period of time and is registered with 
the commercial register of the Canton of Basel-Stadt, Switzerland under number CHE-101.160.902 (formerly: 
CH-170.3.023.349-3). The registered office of Syngenta is located at Rosentalstrasse 67, 4058 Basel, 
Switzerland and its telephone number is +41 61 323 11 11. 
Syngenta is the holding company for a group of over 150 subsidiaries that collectively employ over 29,000 
employees. The Group is a world leading agribusiness operating in the crop protection, seeds, professional 
solutions and flowers markets. Crop protection chemicals include herbicides, insecticides, fungicides and seed 
treatments to control weeds, insects and diseases in crops, and are essential inputs enabling growers around the 
world to improve agricultural productivity and food quality. In Seeds, the Group operates in the high value 
commercial sectors of field crops (including corn, oilseeds and cereals) and vegetables. The Group’s operating 
segment, Professional Solutions, provides turf and landscape and professional pest management products, and 
the Group’s Flowers business provides flower seeds, cuttings and young plants, to professional growers and 
consumers. 
Syngenta was formed by Novartis AG (“Novartis”) and AstraZeneca PLC (“AstraZeneca”) in November 2000 
through an agreement to spin off and merge the Novartis crop protection and seeds businesses with the 
AstraZeneca agrochemicals business to create a dedicated agribusiness company whose shares were the subject 
of a global offering (the “Transactions”). The Transactions were completed on 13 November 2000. 
On 2 February 2016, Syngenta entered into the Transaction Agreement with ChemChina and China National 
Agrochemical Corporation, pursuant to which ChemChina agreed to cause a newly-incorporated company that 
is directly or indirectly controlled by ChemChina, CNAC Saturn (NL) B.V. (“CNAC”), to submit a tender offer 
to acquire Syngenta AG (the “ChemChina Tender Offer”). In accordance with the terms of the Transaction 
Agreement, which was unanimously approved by Syngenta’s Board of Directors, CNAC offered the 
shareholders of Syngenta U.S. $465 per ordinary share, payable in cash, plus a special dividend of CHF 5 
payable by Syngenta once the ChemChina Tender Offer became unconditional and prior to its first settlement. 
On 23 March 2016, CNAC launched the ChemChina Tender Offer. Following the second settlement of the 
ChemChina Tender Offer on 7 June 2017, CNAC had acquired 94.7 per cent. of Syngenta shares in aggregate. 
On 13 July 2017, following the purchase of additional Syngenta shares, ChemChina announced that its 
ownership in the Guarantor had exceeded 98 per cent. of the Guarantor’s share capital. 
As a consequence, ChemChina filed a petition with the Basel Appellate Court to cancel the remaining Syngenta 
shares that were not held by ChemChina or any of its affiliates. Holders of these Syngenta shares received the 
offer price of U.S. $465 per Syngenta share following completion of the court proceedings. 
On 2 October 2017, Syngenta applied for the de-listing from the SIX Swiss Exchange of its shares and on 26 
October 2017, the request was approved by SIX Exchange Regulation. Pursuant to decision of SIX Swiss 
Exchange of 21 December 2017, the last day of trading was 5 January 2018 and the effective date of de-listing 
was 8 January 2018. On 8 January 2018, Syngenta AG filed for voluntary de-listing of its ADSs from the New 
York Stock Exchange which became effective on 18 January 2018. On 19 January 2018, the Guarantor filed for 
deregistration of the securities from the SEC, suspending its reporting obligations under the Exchange Act. 
On 8 January 2018, ChemChina issued a statement that Syngenta is a diversified and innovative global leader 
in the agrochemical sector with solid historical financial track record that is further supported by ChemChina’s 
and Syngenta’s commitments to maintain Syngenta’s investment grade rating. As such, ChemChina stated that

--- Page 106 ---
A43917793 
106 
it is and remains fully supportive to Syngenta in order to achieve its strategic objectives and higher credit ratings 
in a timely manner. 
On 5 January 2020, ChemChina announced a planned reorganization to bring together its crop protection and 
seeds businesses, consisting of ChemChina’s holdings in the Group and in Adama Ltd., as well as the holdings 
in agricultural businesses formerly held by Sinochem Group. On 18 June 2020, Syngenta Group Co. Ltd. 
announced the official launch of the Syngenta Group, a new global leader in agricultural science and innovation. 
Syngenta Group, which is domiciled in China, but operationally headquartered in Switzerland, encompasses 
four business units: Syngenta Crop Protection, based in Basel, Switzerland; Syngenta Seeds, based in Chicago, 
USA; Adama, based in Airport City, Israel; and Syngenta Group China, based in Shanghai, China.  
Purpose 
As set out in Article 2 of the articles of incorporation (Statuten) of Syngenta dated 5 November 2018, Syngenta’s 
primary purpose is to hold interests in enterprises, particularly in the areas of agribusiness; in special 
circumstances, Syngenta may directly operate such businesses. Syngenta may acquire, mortgage, liquidate or 
sell real estate and intellectual property rights in Switzerland or abroad. 
Capital Structure 
Syngenta became a publicly listed company in 2000. Until delisting on 8 January 2018, Syngenta shares were 
listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange and until 18 January 2018, Syngenta ADSs were listed on the New York 
Stock Exchange. 
As at 31 December 2020, the share capital of Syngenta AG amounted to CHF 9,257,814.90, divided into 
92,578,149 fully paid registered shares with a par value of CHF 0.10 each. In June 2019, Syngenta distributed 
the remaining 195,676 Treasury shares as an in-kind dividend to its parent company, CNAC Saturn (NL) B.V.  
Syngenta does not have any conditional or authorised capital outstanding. Pursuant to Article 5 para. 2 of its 
articles of incorporation, Syngenta applies restrictions or limitations on the transferability of its shares. 
As a result of the transactions described in “—Overview and History” above, ChemChina, a state-owned 
enterprise of the People’s Republic of China, indirectly owns and controls the entire issued share capital of 
Syngenta. Four out of nine members of Syngenta’s Board of Directors were nominated for election by 
ChemChina. Pursuant to the Transaction Agreement, four out of nine (or less, if applicable) members of 
Syngenta’s Board of Directors must be persons who have no affiliation with ChemChina or its affiliates (each, 
an “Independent Director”). Certain matters require the affirmative vote of at least two Independent Directors, 
including, among others, (i) any change in the location of Syngenta’s headquarters, (ii) any raising of new debt 
or making of distributions which would lower the rating of Syngenta to a level below investment grade (by 
Fitch, Moody’s and S&P), (iii) any reduction in Syngenta’s Research and Development budget in any given 
year to a level below 80 per cent. of the average Research and Development spend in the years 2012-2015, (iv) 
any material change in the agricultural sustainability programmes or reduction of funding of the Syngenta 
Foundation for Sustainable Agriculture to a level below 80 per cent. of the average funding per year 2012-2015, 
(v) any material change to Syngenta’s Health, Safety and Environment Policy and Standards and (vi) any 
material change to Syngenta’s Code of Conduct. Approval by the Independent Directors will also be required, 
subject to certain exceptions, for any transaction between any member of the ChemChina group, on the one 
hand, and any member of the Group, on the other hand, if the transaction is not made at market terms. The 
above corporate governance arrangements shall remain in place until the earlier of (i) 18 May 2022 (five years 
following the first settlement of the ChemChina Tender Offer) and (ii) a re-listing of Syngenta shares through 
an initial public offering.

--- Page 107 ---
A43917793 
107 
Dividends paid to Syngenta AG shareholders 
Syngenta made dividend pay-outs during the last five years as set out below: 
 
 
Year 
 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020
 
 
 
Dividends paid to Syngenta AG 
shareholders... ..................................................
 
-
 
- 
 
U.S.$4,707
million
 
U.S.$900
million
 
U.S.$700
million
Amount per share.............................................
CHF 11.00
CHF 5.00
CHF 50.95
U.S.$ 9.74
U.S.$ 7.56
 
 
 
 
 
 
In April 2018, Syngenta issued senior unsecured notes in the amount of U.S. $4,750 million. The majority of 
net proceeds from the issue have been used to refinance ChemChina’s bridge financing for the acquisition of 
Syngenta. Syngenta AG paid a dividend of U.S. $4,707 million to its immediate parent company, CNAC Saturn 
(NL) B.V., on 7 May 2018. 
On 24 April 2019 and 15 November 2019, Syngenta paid dividends of U.S. $450 million each to CNAC Saturn 
(NL) B.V.  
On 11 December 2020, Syngenta paid a dividend of U.S. $700 million to CNAC Saturn (NL) B.V. 
Financial Statements 
See “Information Incorporated by Reference” for information on the financial statements of Syngenta 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The statutory auditors of Syngenta are KPMG AG, whose registered office is Viaduktstrasse 42, 4002 Basel, 
Switzerland. 
Industry Overview  
Syngenta is a world leading agribusiness operating in the crop protection, seeds, controls and flowers markets. 
Crop protection chemicals include herbicides, insecticides, fungicides and seed treatments to control weeds, 
insects and diseases in crops, and are essential inputs enabling growers around the world to improve agricultural 
productivity and food quality. In Seeds, Syngenta operates in the high-value commercial sectors of field crops 
(including corn, oilseeds and cereals) and vegetables. The Professional Solutions segment (previously known 
as Controls) provides turf and landscape and professional pest management products, and the Flowers business 
provides flower seeds, cuttings and young plants, to professional growers and consumers. 
(a) 
Competition 
Syngenta’s key competitors are dedicated agribusinesses or large chemical companies headquartered in 
Western Europe, North America and India and include BASF, Bayer, Corteva, FMC Corporation and 
UPL. Companies in the crop protection business compete on the basis of strength and breadth of product 
range, product development and differentiation, geographical coverage, price and customer service. In 
many countries, generic producers of off-patent crop protection compounds are additional competitors 
to the research-based companies in the commodity segment of the market.

--- Page 108 ---
A43917793 
108 
The main competitive factor in the seeds industry remains the quality of genetics and the increasing 
importance of traits. Historically, competition in the seeds industry has been fragmented, with small 
producers competing in local markets. With the emergence of biotechnology, the seeds industry has 
become research intensive. The majority of the transgenic products commercialised to date are traits that 
improve performance and farming efficiency in major world crops such as corn, soybean, cotton and 
canola (input traits). As a result, companies having access to a broad genetic range of germplasm as a 
platform for trait commercialisation have a key competitive advantage. In addition to Corteva and Bayer, 
other significant competitors in the seeds business are Vilmorin and KWS.  
In the future, Syngenta expects that increased emphasis will continue to be placed on developing 
products that provide benefits to food and feed processors, fuel production, retail trade and consumers 
(output traits). 
(b) 
Seasonality 
Sales over the year are not evenly distributed. In the Northern hemisphere, the planting and growing 
season and hence sales are mainly in the first half of the year. In the Southern hemisphere, sales are 
mainly during the first and last quarters of the year. The sale of specific products and product types is 
also unevenly distributed because both crops and the manner of cultivation differ from region to region. 
Syngenta’s Business  
In 2019, Syngenta adopted revisions to its segment reporting to reflect changes in management structure. 
Syngenta has five operating segments consisting of the Crop Core, Professional Solutions, Field Crops, 
Vegetables and Flowers businesses. These have been aggregated into the global Crop Protection reporting 
segment, consisting of Crop Core and Professional Solutions, and the global Seeds reporting segment, 
consisting of Field Crops, Vegetables and Flowers. Aggregation is based on internal management structures and 
underlying economic similarity. The following table of sales for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019 by segment and product line is derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of 
the Group. Syngenta compares results from one period to another period in this table using variances calculated 
at Constant Exchange Rates (“CER”). To present that information, current period results for entities reporting 
in currencies other than U.S. dollars are converted into U.S. dollars at the prior period’s exchange rates, rather 
than the exchange rates for the current year. See Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements included in 
the 2020 Financial Report incorporated by reference herein for information on average exchange rates in 2020 
and 2019. Syngenta presents this CER variance information in order to assess how its underlying business 
performed before taking into account currency exchange fluctuations. 
By Segment 
 
 
Full Year 31 December 
 
Growth 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
Actual 
Constant 
Exchange 
Rates
(CER) 
 
 
USD million 
 
% 
 
Crop Protection ............................................ 
11,094 
10,499 
+6 
+15 
Seeds ............................................................ 
3,193 
3,083 
+4 
+8 
Group sales ................................................. 
14,287 
13,582 
+5 
+13

--- Page 109 ---
A43917793 
109 
By Product Line 
 
 
Full Year 31 December 
 
Growth 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
Actual 
Constant 
Exchange 
Rates
(CER) 
 
 
USD million 
 
% 
 
Selective herbicides ..................................... 
2,831 
2,619 
+8 
+13 
Non-selective herbicides .............................. 
953 
919 
+4 
+20 
Fungicides.................................................... 
3,438 
3,269 
+5 
+14 
Insecticides .................................................. 
2,098 
2,065 
+2 
+16 
Seedcare ....................................................... 
1,205 
1,128 
+7 
+15 
Professional Solutions ................................. 
475 
470 
+1 
+3 
Biologicals ................................................... 
58 
- 
- 
- 
Other crop protection ................................... 
150 
118 
+27 
+55 
Total Crop Protection before 
interbusiness eliminations ......................... 
11,208 
10,588 
+6 
+15 
Elimination of Crop Protection Sales to 
Seeds ............................................................ 
-114 
-89 
n/a 
n/a 
Total Crop Protection ................................ 
11,094 
10,499 
+6 
+15 
Corn and soybean ........................................ 
1,706 
1,632 
+5 
+11 
Diverse field crops ....................................... 
635 
619 
+2 
+3 
Vegetables ................................................... 
653 
621 
+5 
+8 
Other Seeds .................................................. 
5 
12 
-56 
-56 
Flowers ........................................................ 
194 
199 
-3 
-3 
Total Seeds ................................................. 
3,193 
3,083 
+4 
+8 
Group sales ................................................. 
14,287 
13,582 
+5 
+13 
 
(a) 
Products 
Crop Protection Products 
Syngenta has a broad range of crop protection products underpinned by strong worldwide market 
coverage. Syngenta is active in the herbicides, fungicides, insecticides and seedcare markets. 
Selective herbicides 
Syngenta’s broad range of selective herbicides are crop-specific and control weeds without harming the 
crop. They are applicable to most crops, with a special emphasis on corn, soybean and cereals. 
Syngenta’s major brands in this sector include: ACURONTM, AXIAL®, CALLISTO® family, DUAL 
MAGNUM®, BICEP II MAGNUM®, FUSILADE®MAX, FLEX® and TOPIK®. 
Non-selective herbicides

--- Page 110 ---
A43917793 
110 
Syngenta’s series of non-selective herbicides reduce or halt the growth of all vegetation with which they 
come into contact. Syngenta’s major brands in this sector include: GRAMOXONE® and 
TOUCHDOWN®. 
Fungicides 
Syngenta’s broad range of fungicides prevent and cure fungal plant diseases that affect crop yield and 
quality. Since plant diseases are caused by a variety of pathogens, this market consists of many products 
used in combination or series to control the problems in ways that minimise the chance of resistance 
emerging. Syngenta’s major brands in this sector include: ALTO®, AMISTAR®, BONTIMA®, BRAVO®, 
ELATUSTM, MIRAVISTM (based on ADEPIDYNTM), REVUS®, RIDOMIL GOLD®, SCORE®, 
SEGURIS® and UNIX®.  
Insecticides 
Insecticides control chewing pests such as caterpillars and sucking pests such as aphids, which reduce 
crop yield and quality. The largest insecticide markets are in fruit and vegetables, cotton, rice and corn. 
Important market forces include changing regulatory requirements, insect resistance, and demand for 
products with enhanced safety and environmental profiles. Syngenta’s major brands in this sector 
include: ACTARA®, DURIVO®, FORCE®, KARATE®, PROCLAIM® and VERTIMEC®. 
Seed Treatment 
Syngenta Seedcare is a global leader in the seed treatment market and differentiates itself by providing 
comprehensive offers consisting of products, application and services to its customers: seed companies; 
the distribution channel; and growers. The use of Syngenta seed treatment products is an effective, 
efficient, and targeted method to protect seedlings and young plants against diseases, insects and 
nematodes during the period when they are most vulnerable, the first 30 days after planting. Syngenta’s 
broad range of fungicides, insecticides, nematicides and abiotic stress management and seed treatments 
allows it to provide a modern portfolio of safe and highly effective products. Syngenta’s major brands 
in this sector include: AVICTA®, CRUISER®, DIVIDEND®, CELEST®/MAXIM® and VIBRANCE®. 
In addition to its leading product portfolio, Seedcare delivers comprehensive technical and application 
support services to its customers through its network of Seedcare Institutes, located in key markets 
around the world, which enables quality seed treatment application onto seeds. 
Seeds Products 
Syngenta produces and markets seeds and plants that have been developed using advanced genetics and 
related technologies. Syngenta’s seed portfolio is one of the broadest in the industry, offering over 200 
product lines and over 5,000 varieties of Syngenta’s own proprietary genetics. With a significant market 
share in vegetables, corn, soybean, cereals and sunflower, Syngenta divides its seed products into field 
crops, vegetables and flowers. Seed products are derived from a germplasm pool and trait portfolio and 
developed further utilising sophisticated plant- breeding methods. In addition to income from sales of 
branded seeds, Syngenta generates income from licensing arrangements. 
Field Crops 
Seeds are developed for individual geographic regions to be higher yielding and more reliable. Syngenta 
field crop seeds include most major crops: corn, soybean, rice, cereals and oilseeds. Syngenta has a 
number of leading brands including NK® oilseeds. 
Vegetables

--- Page 111 ---
A43917793 
111 
Syngenta offers a full range of vegetable seeds with an assortment of more than 25 species and more 
than 2,000 varieties. Syngenta breeds varieties with high-yield that resist and tolerate pests, diseases and 
stress while addressing the needs of consumers, processors, growers and the entire value chain. Adapted 
varieties of vegetable seeds are marketed in all regions of the world through Syngenta’s vegetable brands 
including ROGERSTM and S&G®. 
Flowers 
Syngenta is global leader in sustainable flower production, thanks to our expertise in advanced genetics 
and breeding. We serve professional growers, distributors and retailers with state-of-the-art seeds, young 
plants and cuttings, expert advice and training.  
(b) 
Marketing and Distribution 
Syngenta has marketing organisations in all its major markets with dedicated sales forces that provide 
customer and technical service, product promotion and market support. Products are sold to the end user 
through independent distributors and dealers, most of which also handle other manufacturers’ products. 
Syngenta’s products normally are sold through a two-step or three-step distribution chain. In the two-
step chain Syngenta sells its products to cooperatives or independent distributors, which then sell to the 
grower as the end user. In the three-step system, Syngenta sells to distributors or cooperative unions 
which act as wholesalers and sell the product to independent dealers or primary cooperatives before on-
selling to growers. Syngenta also sells directly to large growers in some countries. Syngenta’s marketing 
network enables it to launch its products quickly and effectively and to exploit its range of existing 
products. Syngenta focuses on key crop opportunities in each territory. In those countries where 
Syngenta does not have its own marketing organisation, it markets and distributes through other 
distribution channels. 
Syngenta’s marketing activities are directed towards distributors, agricultural consultants and growers. 
They consist of a broad range of advertising and promotional tools, such as meetings with growers and 
distributors, field demonstrations, advertisements in specialised publications, direct marketing activities, 
or information via the Internet. Syngenta is also in constant contact with the food and feed chain to 
evaluate current and future needs and expectations. 
A key element of Syngenta’s marketing is grower support and education. This is particularly important 
with respect to small growers in developing countries. For many years, Syngenta has held numerous 
courses around the world for growers as a result of which millions of farmers have been trained in the 
safe and sustainable use of crop protection products. As part of the Good Growth Plan initiated in 2013, 
Syngenta targeted reaching 20 million smallholder farmers and helping them increase their productivity 
by 50 per cent., while preserving the long-term potential of their land. This target was met during 2019, 
one year ahead of schedule and during 2020, new global commitments were set including training 8 
million farm workers on safe use every year. This is being done with the help of organisations such as 
value chain partners to enable access to technology and capacity building for smallholder farming in 
developing countries. Syngenta also trains agricultural extension workers and distributors so that they 
can further disseminate good practice and reach an even wider audience. 
Syngenta’s products are marketed throughout the world through brands, many of which are well known 
by growers and some of which have been established for many years. Brand names for Syngenta’s key 
products are listed above in “– Products”. Syngenta’s sales force markets the majority of Syngenta’s 
brands, either to customers directly, in partnership with distributors, or through a network of dealers. 
Syngenta has developed and utilises a number of innovative ways to attract and retain customers in 
different parts of the world. In an effort to manage some foreign exchange and commodity price volatility

--- Page 112 ---
A43917793 
112 
in some countries, including Brazil, Ukraine and Argentina, Syngenta sells via barter. In Brazil and 
Argentina, a recognised agricultural barter trading method allows growers to pre-arrange sale of their 
soybean, cotton and cereals crops to commodity traders. Under such pre-arrangements, traders pay 
Syngenta for its crop protection products on growers’ behalf when growers deliver crops to the traders. 
Syngenta generally does not take ownership or delivery of the crops and retains only insignificant 
commodity price risk in barter transactions. Syngenta also directly barters with Brazilian coffee farmers 
by accepting their crop as payment for its crop protection products. Syngenta has developed a coffee 
trading network which sells the coffee to roasters and cooperatives internationally. These barter 
programmes also help Syngenta and its customers mitigate the cash flow and financing risks inherent in 
the Brazilian agricultural market. Syngenta has introduced similar barter programmes in Ukraine to 
secure collection of receivables from customers or to encourage growers to prepay for crop protection 
or seed products. 
Syngenta also operates non-barter commodity price mitigation programmes in certain countries, 
including South Africa. Certain of these programmes assist growers by allowing those who purchase 
Syngenta products within the program to hedge, at no cost or risk to the grower, the price of an equivalent 
value of their crop via the commodity futures market. Participating growers are protected against crop 
price declines that may occur before harvest, which helps ensure their ability to pay Syngenta for its 
products, and retain their ability to profit from crop price increases. Syngenta does not retain any 
commodity price risk under these programmes. 
(c) 
Production and Supply 
Syngenta’s Production and Supply function plays a key role in implementing Syngenta’s strategy in a 
sustainable manner by assuring product delivery, supporting growth plans, reducing costs and promoting 
efficient use of capital. Through the effective procurement, production and distribution of products, the 
function ensures that Syngenta meets its commitments to customers around the world. Production and 
Supply supports Syngenta’s growth plans (particularly in emerging markets) and accelerates the building 
of expertise for scalability and efficiency. 
The manufacture of chemical crop protection products and the production of seeds for sale to growers 
involve different processes. 
Active ingredients used for crop protection products are manufactured at a limited number of sites 
located in Switzerland, the United States, the United Kingdom and China. Syngenta also operates a 
number of chemical formulation and packaging sites strategically located close to the principal markets 
in which those products are sold. Syngenta operates major formulation and packaging plants in Belgium, 
Brazil, China, France, South Korea, the United Kingdom and the United States. 
Syngenta manages its crop protection supply chain globally and on a product-by-product basis, from 
raw materials through delivery to the customer, in order to maximise both cost and capital efficiency and 
responsiveness. Syngenta outsources the manufacture of a wide range of raw materials, from 
commodities through fine chemicals to dedicated intermediates and active ingredients. Sourcing 
decisions are based on a combination of logistical, geographical and commercial factors. Syngenta has 
a strategy of maintaining, when available, multiple sources of supply. Most purchases of supply chain 
materials are directly or indirectly influenced by commodity price volatility, due to price dependence on 
gas and oil. 
Seeds for sale by Syngenta to growers are grown (multiplied) and harvested by independent contract 
farmers throughout the world. After the harvest, the raw seed is cleaned, calibrated, treated and packaged 
in Syngenta or third-party processing plants, which are located as close to the intended markets as

--- Page 113 ---
A43917793 
113 
possible so as to achieve cost effectiveness and match the seeds with the growing conditions that are 
optimal for the variety. This also eases logistics for seed products that require secure storage and timely 
delivery for the growing season. The largest facilities are located in Argentina, Brazil, France, Hungary, 
India, Spain, Thailand, the United States and the Netherlands. 
Due to Syngenta’s global presence, it can engage in seed production year-round with a goal of mitigating 
weather-related seed production risk. In addition, because its facilities are located in both the northern 
and southern hemispheres, Syngenta can shorten the time required to multiply seeds from breeding to 
commercial production. This enables it to produce marketable quantities more quickly than if it was 
dependent on only one growing season. 
Syngenta’s crop protection production process and facilities are leveraged to produce and source the 
range of turf, landscape and professional pest management, ornamentals and home and garden chemical 
products marketed by Professional Solutions. 
Syngenta Flowers uses its own seed production facilities in Guatemala, Turkey and the Netherlands to 
produce, clean, pellet, coat and package seed. In addition, independent contract growers in Turkey and 
Indonesia are used to supplement capacity and capability. Due to Syngenta’s global presence, it can 
engage in seed production year-round with a goal of mitigating weather-related seed production risk. In 
addition, because its facilities are located in both the northern and southern hemispheres, Syngenta can 
shorten the time required to multiply seeds from breeding to commercial production. This enables it to 
produce marketable quantities more quickly than if it was dependent on only one growing season. 
Syngenta Flowers sources vegetative cuttings from its own cutting production facilities in Kenya, 
Ethiopia, Guatemala and the USA, and from contract growers, notably in Mexico. 
(d) 
Research and Development 
Syngenta’s research and development (“R&D”) organisation is dedicated to developing quality crop 
protection and seeds products, as well as crop-focused solutions which integrate multiple technologies. 
R&D focuses on taking a holistic approach to help customers grow their specific crop using the best 
technology to address their needs, be it a single technology, a combination of technologies, or 
technologies and services. Syngenta believes that R&D is well placed to effectively and efficiently 
innovate across crops and regions, resulting in faster and more efficient development and registration of 
new products. 
R&D has three principal units: 
• 
Research leverages the breadth of Syngenta’s research expertise to innovate more productively; 
• 
Development comprises product-centric development units to drive pipeline delivery to meet 
grower and business needs; and 
• 
Platforms underpin the organisation, including operations to drive effective implementation as 
well as the product safety & regulatory function to drive Syngenta’s license to operate agenda. 
Syngenta performs an extensive investigation of all safety aspects relating to its products. The human 
safety assessments address potential risks to both the users of the products and the consumers of food 
and feed, while in environmental safety Syngenta seeks assurance that the products will not adversely 
affect soil, water, air, flora or fauna. 
To complement in-house expertise and bring in novel technologies, Syngenta actively seeks value-
adding partnerships and collaborations to bring new offers to growers. It currently has over 400 R&D 
collaborations with universities, research institutes and commercial organisations around the world.

--- Page 114 ---
A43917793 
114 
The total spent on Research and development in Crop Protection and Seeds was U.S.$1,324 million in 
2020 and U.S. $1,262 million in 2019. In 2019, Syngenta introduced enhanced project planning and 
reporting processes that have enabled it to meet the criteria to capitalise some of the costs of intangible 
assets arising from development. The amount of development costs capitalised in 2020 was U.S. $355 
million and in 2019 U.S. $344 million. This amount is included in the total spend above.  
Researching and developing crop protection products 
R&D provides Syngenta with innovative new chemical solutions, biologicals and intellectual property 
with the potential to be combined with other technologies and create maximum value to growers and 
differentiation. New research areas are guided by the advancement of new technologies in partnership 
with the commercial crop teams based on customer need, technology, regulatory requirements and socio-
political trends. 
Syngenta has major research centres focused on identifying new active ingredients in Stein, Switzerland 
and Jealott’s Hill, United Kingdom. Syngenta is continuously improving its research process. State-of-
the-art synthetic chemistry and high-speed automated synthesis are used in concert to effectively prepare 
the quantity and quality of compounds for both high throughput and highly targeted biological screening. 
A crucial feature is the structured design approach to chemistry, which ensures that the chemical entities 
possess properties most likely to relate to the desired product profile, including potency, spectrum and 
safety parameters. 
Once an active ingredient is ready for testing, the development team, supported by the global expertise 
of the trialling function, ensures that the work is efficiently and effectively completed to turn promising 
molecules into products that are safe to users and the environment, pass all registration requirements and 
meet customers’ needs. Such development typically takes six to eight years. The active ingredient’s 
efficacy and safety is assessed as early as possible in the development process and all data is compiled 
for registration and safe product use. 
Syngenta tests compounds on target crops globally under different climatic conditions and in varying 
soils. In parallel, an industrial scale manufacturing process is identified and optimised, and appropriate 
formulations and packages are developed. In addition, R&D works to improve Syngenta’s current 
chemical products by supporting the development of new mixtures, formulations and programmes that 
bring new effects and opportunities to growers. Refreshing the existing product range is key to continued 
success in the face of competition, even after patent expiry. 
Researching and developing seeds products 
R&D is dedicated to creating new varieties of major crops having improved quality and productivity. 
This includes improving tolerance to pests and other environmental stresses as well as quality 
characteristics such as nutritional composition, consumer appeal and shelf life. 
Syngenta’s biotechnology activities primarily take place at Research Triangle Park, NC, USA, for both 
R&D of key native and genetically modified traits. Activities at this site are supported by smaller 
laboratories around the world. In addition, Syngenta operates approximately 100 breeding and 
germplasm enhancement centres strategically located around the world. 
Syngenta expects that end users such as livestock producers, grain processors, food processors and other 
partners in the food chain will continue to demand specific qualities in the crops they use as inputs. 
Syngenta has therefore built up and continues to develop an extensive germplasm library.

--- Page 115 ---
A43917793 
115 
In addition to general R&D agreements with other companies and academic institutions around the 
world, Syngenta has entered into a number of targeted alliances with other enterprises in order to further 
broaden its germplasm and trait base with the goal of creating more valuable products. 
R&D providing Syngenta with innovative new chemical solutions and intellectual property for its turf, 
landscape and professional pest management, ornamentals, and home and garden business is conducted 
at research centers used for crop protection product R&D in its regional business. 
Flowers genetics R&D is dedicated to creating new varieties of major flower genetics having improved 
quality and productivity, either alone or in combination with other technologies. Syngenta’s research and 
innovation provide the grower and retail markets with a choice of new genetics, shapes and colors of 
continuously improved longevity, stress tolerance and drought and disease resistance. Syngenta has 
major Flowers research centers in Andijk, Netherlands and Gilroy, California, USA, each of which is 
focused on identifying new or improved varieties of genetics with unique traits. 
(e) 
Intellectual Property 
Syngenta protects its investments in R&D, manufacturing and marketing through patents, design rights, 
trademarks, trade secrets, plant variety protection certificates, plant breeders’ rights and contractual 
language placed on packaging. The level and type of protection varies from country to country according 
to local laws and international agreements. Syngenta has one of the broadest patent and trademark 
portfolios in the industry and enforces its intellectual property rights, including through litigation if 
necessary. 
In addition to patent protection for a specific active substance or for seeds (inbreds and varieties) and 
genomic-related products, patent protection may be obtained for processes of manufacture, formulations, 
assays, mixtures, and intermediates. These patent applications may be filed to cover continuing research 
throughout the life of a product and may remain in force after the expiry of a product’s per se patents in 
order to provide ongoing protection. The territorial coverage of patent filings and the scope of protection 
obtained vary depending on the circumstances and the country concerned. 
Patents in respect of plant-related inventions may cover (i) transgenic plants and seeds gene effects, (ii) 
genetic constructs and individual components thereof and enabling technology for producing transgenic 
plants and seeds, and (iii) new breeding technologies such as marker-assisted breeding and products 
obtained thereby. 
Syngenta licenses certain of its intellectual property rights to third parties and also holds licenses from 
other parties relating to certain of Syngenta’s products and processes. Syngenta respects the intellectual 
property rights of others. 
(f) 
Government regulation 
The field-testing, production, import, marketing and use of Syngenta’s products are subject to extensive 
regulation and numerous government approvals. Registration procedures apply in all major markets. 
Products must obtain governmental regulatory approval prior to marketing. The regulatory framework 
for such products is designed to ensure the protection of the consumer, the grower and the environment. 
Examples of some of the regulatory bodies governing Syngenta’s products include the U.S. 
Environmental Protection Agency, the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the U.S. Food and Drug 
Administration. 
All biotechnology products are subject to intense regulatory scrutiny and Syngenta conducts extensive 
studies to ensure products are safe for both consumers and the environment. An extensive Syngenta

--- Page 116 ---
A43917793 
116 
network of regulatory experts around the world ensures compliance and continued dialogue with the 
authorities regarding regulatory submissions, insect resistance management programmes and 
participation in further development of the biotech regulatory framework. 
Governmental regulatory authorities perform risk assessments on genetically modified (“GM”) seed 
products to ensure the safety of the resulting plants and the food and feed derived from them. Syngenta 
obtains regulatory approvals for both cultivation and for import of products thereof into key importing 
countries that have functioning regulatory systems. Cultivation countries for Syngenta’s GM seed 
currently include the US, Canada, Brazil, Argentina, Vietnam, Paraguay, Uruguay and the Philippines. 
Key import countries are defined based on the product and cultivation market. “Stacked” products 
developed through breeding to contain multiple GM traits are also subject to regulation in certain 
countries. Approvals in some countries are time limited and must be renewed on a periodic basis to 
ensure that each product adheres to current regulatory standards. Some countries also require safety 
monitoring and insect resistance management after product commercialisation. Additionally, registration 
of new plant varieties, whether transgenic or not, is required in most countries, but not in the USA. 
Government regulations, regulatory systems, and the politics that influence them vary widely among 
jurisdictions and change often. Obtaining necessary regulatory approvals is time consuming and costly, 
and data requirements for approvals continue to increase. There can be no guarantee of the timing or 
success in obtaining approvals. 
(g) 
Environment 
Syngenta designed its environmental management program with the aim of ensuring that its products 
and their manufacture pose minimal risks to the environment and humans. The crop protection industry 
is subject to environmental risks in three main areas: manufacturing, distribution and use of product. 
Syngenta aims to minimise or eliminate environmental risks by using appropriate equipment, adopting 
best industry practice and providing grower training and education. 
The entire chain of business activities, from R&D to end use, operates according to the principles of 
product stewardship. Syngenta is strongly committed to the responsible and ethical management of its 
products from invention through ultimate use. Syngenta employs environmental scientists around the 
world who study all aspects of a product’s environmental behaviour. 
Specially designed transportation and storage containers are used for the distribution of hazardous 
products and efficient inventory control procedures minimise the creation of obsolete stocks. 
Syngenta has developed a rigorous screening and development process in order to mitigate risks relating 
to the use of its products. All active substances and products must meet both Syngenta’s internal 
standards and regulatory requirements. 
Syngenta provides support to growers on a local level such as training in application techniques and 
assistance in calibrating spray equipment in order to promote safe handling of its products. Syngenta 
extends product stewardship long after sales in several ways, for example, by collecting and safely 
destroying outdated products, and providing returnable containers to reduce waste. 
Crop protection products are subject to rigorous registration procedures, which are aimed at ensuring 
safe product usage in the field. In addition to complying with these regulatory requirements, Syngenta 
has adopted its own Health, Safety and Environment management system. This provides a clear 
framework of management processes applicable at all sites, whatever the regulatory requirements in the 
country in which the site is situated.

--- Page 117 ---
A43917793 
117 
Syngenta maintains a register of sites to identify manufacturing and distribution sites and locations that 
may have been contaminated in the past. The register is the basis for the allocation of appropriate 
provisions and action programmes regarding measures to be taken. A risk portfolio is prepared for each 
site and reviewed annually. The risk portfolio is also applied to third-party manufacturers in order to 
identify and exclude poorly performing companies. 
(h) 
Material Contracts  
The following is a summary of the material contracts of the Group. 
The Transaction Agreement 
On 2 February 2016, Syngenta entered into the Transaction Agreement with ChemChina and China 
National Agrochemical Corporation, pursuant to which ChemChina agreed to cause a newly-
incorporated company that is directly or indirectly controlled by ChemChina, CNAC, to submit the 
ChemChina Tender Offer. In accordance with the terms of the Transaction Agreement, which was 
unanimously approved by Syngenta’s Board of Directors, CNAC offered the shareholders of Syngenta 
U.S. $465 per ordinary share, payable in cash, plus a special dividend of CHF 5 payable by Syngenta 
once the ChemChina Tender Offer became unconditional and prior to its first settlement. For more details 
on the Transaction Agreement, see “—Overview and History” and “—Capital Structure” above. The 
approval of the transaction by the relevant merger control authorities was subject to a number of 
remedies. Inter alia the clearance by the European Commission was conditional on the divestiture of 
parts of ChemChina’s European crop protection portfolio. 
Debt Instruments 
Material contracts pertaining to Syngenta’s financial debt as disclosed in Notes 16 and 18 on pages 48 
and 49 of the 2020 Financial Report, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. As at 31 
December 2020, Syngenta’s consolidated financial debt was U.S. $10,481 million and has subsequently 
increased principally as a result of the financing of the normal seasonal working capital trends. 
The Separation Agreements 
At the time of Syngenta’s foundation in 2000, the legacy companies Novartis and AstraZeneca, Syngenta 
and several of their affiliates entered into a series of separation agreements, each of which became 
effective at the completion of the Transactions, the purpose and effect of which was: 
• 
to achieve the separation of the historic, current and possible future liabilities of Novartis 
agribusiness and Zeneca agrochemicals business from the historic, current and possible future 
liabilities of the remaining activities of Novartis and AstraZeneca; 
• 
to properly allocate amongst the parties liabilities that may arise under relevant securities laws as 
a result of any misstatements or omissions contained in the various annual report documentation 
to be distributed to AstraZeneca and Novartis shareholders or as a result of the Transactions 
themselves; 
• 
to provide for the provision of various services between Novartis, AstraZeneca and Syngenta on 
a transitional, and in certain instances a longer-term, basis; and 
• 
To ensure all affected parties have access to necessary relevant information in the future and that, 
where relevant, such information is subject to appropriate confidentiality provisions. 
Of the initial agreements, the following material agreements are still currently performed in whole or in 
part or will continue being performed in the future:

--- Page 118 ---
A43917793 
118 
• 
Environmental Matters Agreements 
The Environmental Matters Agreements between Novartis and Syngenta and AstraZeneca and 
Syngenta specify the obligations of each party to indemnify each other in respect of liabilities 
relating to environmental and health and safety matters (other than product liability claims) 
against respective group companies and affiliates which arise through the historic, current and 
future operations of Syngenta. The purpose of the Environmental Matters Agreements is to 
address, in general terms, the rights and obligations of Novartis, AstraZeneca and Syngenta for 
environmental claims that have been or will be incurred and to identify special arrangements for 
environmental matters related to specific affiliates of each party. The parties are not obligated to 
reimburse each other for amounts which are covered under an insurance policy or otherwise from 
a third party. 
Under the Environmental Matters Agreements, Syngenta and its subsidiaries indemnify 
AstraZeneca and Novartis for matters arising from Syngenta’s sites and agribusinesses, with 
exceptions for certain sites and circumstances. AstraZeneca and Novartis are allocated liability 
and indemnify Syngenta for such matters arising from their respective sites and businesses, 
including AstraZeneca’s businesses (not including AstraZeneca’s agrochemical business) and 
sites and Novartis’s businesses (not including the Novartis agribusiness) and sites, with 
exceptions for certain specific sites and circumstances. 
• 
Intellectual Property Agreements 
Under the Intellectual Property Agreements, Syngenta acquired title to all relevant intellectual 
property that is exclusive to or predominantly relates to its business. Syngenta will license or will 
be granted licences for relevant intellectual property pertaining to the business of Syngenta that 
it shares with Novartis or AstraZeneca. 
Licences (other than the licence of the Zeneca or Novartis house mark and domain names) are 
worldwide, exclusive in the field, royalty-free and perpetual. The licences of the Novartis house 
mark and domain names are exclusive in the agribusiness field, royalty-free and expired three 
years after the date of the completion of the Transactions. 
(i) 
Management and Structure  
Syngenta’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) has the duties set forth under the Swiss Code of 
Obligations. The Board is responsible for the ultimate direction and management of Syngenta and 
establishes the basic strategic, accounting, organisational and financial policies to be followed by 
Syngenta. All major investments and strategic decisions are reserved for the Board which also has 
responsibility for corporate governance matters. 
The Board further appoints the members of the Executive Committee and the authorised signatories of 
Syngenta and supervises the management of Syngenta. Moreover, the Board is entrusted with preparing 
shareholders’ meetings and carrying out shareholders’ resolutions. The Board may, pursuant to its 
regulations, delegate the conduct of the day-to-day business operations to management. 
Some of the Board’s responsibilities are delegated to the Compensation Committee, the Audit 
Committee and the Committee of Independent Directors. Operational management of Syngenta is 
delegated to the Executive Team. 
The business address of each member of the Board is at Rosentalstrasse 67, 4058 Basel, Switzerland.

--- Page 119 ---
A43917793 
119 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to Syngenta of each of the members of the 
Board listed below and their private interests or other duties. In addition, Jürg Witmer, Carl M. Casale, 
Sophie Kornowski and Louise O. Fresco are all independent from ChemChina and its affiliated 
companies. Gaoning (“Frank”) Ning, Hongbo Chen, Paul Fribourg, J. Erik Fyrwald and Pedro Pullen 
Parente were nominated for election by ChemChina. 
The members of the Board, in their capacity as members of the Board of Syngenta, are as follows:   
Name 
 
Responsibilities in 
Syngenta AG 
 
Principal activities outside Syngenta AG 
Gaoning (“Frank”) 
Ning 
 
Chairman, 
Non-Executive 
Director 
 
Sinochem Group Co., Ltd. (Chairman of the 
Board); Sinochem Hong Kong (Group) Co., 
Ltd. (Chairman of the Board); China National 
Chemical Corporation (Chairman of the Board); 
Far East Horizon Ltd., (Chairman of the 
Board); China Jinmao Holdings Group Ltd. 
(Chairman of the Board); APEC Business 
Advisory Council (Co-Chair); APEC China 
Business Council (Chair); International 
Chamber of Commerce (Executive Director) 
Carl M. Casale 
 
Non-Executive 
Director, 
Independent 
Director 
 
Ospraie Management, LLC (Senior Agricultural 
Partner); Casale AG LLC (Co-Owner) 
Hongbo Chen 
 
Non-Executive 
Director 
 
China National Agrochemical Company 
Limited (Executive Director) 
Louise O. Fresco 
 
Non-Executive 
Director 
Independent 
Director 
 
Wageningen University & Research Executive 
Board (President) 
Paul Fribourg 
 
Non-Executive 
Director 
 
Continental Grain Company (Chairman of the 
Board & Chief Executive Officer); The Estée 
Lauder Companies, Inc. (Director); Restaurant 
Brands International, Inc. (Director); Bunge 
Limited (Director); Loews Corporation 
(Director); Wayne Farms LLC (Director); 
Restaurant Technologies (Director); Castleton 
Commodities International LLC (Director) 
J. Erik Fyrwald 
 
Chief Executive 
Officer (CEO) 
Executive Director 
 
Syngenta Foundation for Sustainable 
Agriculture (Chairman); Bunge Limited 
(Director); Eli Lilly and Company (Director) 
Sophie Kornowski 
 
Non-Executive 
Director 
 
Gurnet Point Capital (Senior Partner); Même 
Cosmetics (Founder and Non-Executive 
Director)

--- Page 120 ---
A43917793 
120 
Name 
 
Responsibilities in 
Syngenta AG 
 
Principal activities outside Syngenta AG 
Independent 
Director 
Pedro Pullen 
Parente 
 
Non-Executive 
Director 
 
BRF S/A (Chairman); EB Capital (Chairman); 
Continental Grain Company (Director); 
Empreendimentos Pague Menos S/A (Director); 
OSESP - Symphony Orchestra of São Paulo 
(Chairman); Petroleo do Açu (Chairman) 
Jürg Witmer 
 
Non-Executive 
Director, 
Lead Independent 
Director 
 
Montcaud Holding SA (Chairman of the 
Board); A. Menarini IFR Florence (Non-
Executive Director) 
 
The members of the Executive Team are as follows:  
Name 
 
Function 
J. Erik Fyrwald 
 
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 
Stephen Landsman 
 
Group General Counsel 
Chen Lichtenstein 
 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
Jonathan Parr 
 
President Global Crop Protection 
Laure Roberts 
 
Head Human Resources 
Jeff Rowe 
 
President Global Seeds 
 
(j) 
Employees  
Syngenta had approximately 29,947 permanent employees as of 31 December 2020. Approximately 14 
per cent. of these were in North America, 20 per cent. in Latin America, 17 per cent. in Asia Pacific, 6 
per cent. in China and the remaining 43 per cent. in Europe, Africa and the Middle East. 
Notices 
Financial statements and other public information of Syngenta are disclosed through press releases and are 
available on Syngenta’s website. 
Shareholders communications of Syngenta are made in the Swiss Commercial Gazette. The Board of Directors 
may designate additional forms of publication.

--- Page 121 ---
A43917793 
121 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Acquisition of Valagro 
On 4 January 2021, Syngenta paid approximately U.S.$ 296 million as the second instalment of the purchase 
price due on the acquisition of Valagro, the leading Biologicals company acquired in 2020. The terms of the 
acquisition are described in the 2020 Financial Report. 
Cash tender offer 
On 25 January 2021, in order to proactively manage its debt portfolio and reduce future interest expense, 
Syngenta commenced a cash tender offer for any and all of its outstanding nominal-at-issue U.S.$ 250 million 
4.375 per cent. Notes due 2042 and nominal-at-issue U.S.$ 500 million 5.676 per cent. Notes due 2048. The 
tender offer expired on 29 January 2021 with valid tenders received totalling approximately U.S.$ 278 million. 
ChemChina and Sinochem combination plans 
On 31 March 2021, the Chinese state-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission (“SASAC”) 
approved a joint restructuring between Sinochem Group Co. Ltd. (“Sinochem”) and ChemChina. Under this 
joint restructuring, the equity interests of both Sinochem and ChemChina will be wholly owned by a newly-
incorporated company (the “New Holding Company”), which will be established and wholly owned by 
SASAC on behalf of the State Council of the People’s Republic of China.  
Outlook change 
On 9 April 2021, S&P revised the outlook of Syngenta AG from ‘stable’ to ‘positive’ as a result of the approved 
combination between Sinochem and ChemChina.

--- Page 122 ---
A43917793 
122 
GUARANTEE AND INDEMNITY BY SYNGENTA AG 
The following wording has been extracted from Clause 5 of the Trust Deed made between the Issuers, the 
Guarantor and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited as trustee (the “Trustee”, which expression 
includes, where the context admits, all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed). 
All references included in the paragraphs below refer to the Trust Deed.  
5. 
Guarantee and Indemnity 
5.1 
Guarantee 
The Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Trustee the due and punctual 
payment of all sums expressed to be payable by the relevant Issuer under this Trust Deed or in respect 
of the Notes or Coupons, as and when the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity, upon 
early redemption, upon acceleration or otherwise, according to the terms of this Trust Deed and the Notes 
and Coupons. In case of the failure of the relevant Issuer to pay any such sum as and when the same 
shall become due and payable, the Guarantor hereby agrees to cause such payment to be made as and 
when the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity, upon early redemption, upon acceleration 
or otherwise, as if such payment were made by such Issuer. 
5.2 
Guarantor as principal debtor 
The Guarantor agrees that if any sum referred to in Clause 5.1 (Guarantee) is not recoverable from the 
relevant Issuer thereunder for any reason whatsoever (including, without limitation, by reason of any of 
the obligations expressed to be assumed by the relevant Issuer in this Trust Deed or the Notes being or 
becoming void or unenforceable for any reason, whether or not known to the Trustee or any Noteholder 
or Couponholder), then the Guarantor will cause such payment to be made by way of a full indemnity 
in the manner and currency as is provided for in this Trust Deed or such Notes, as the case may be. This 
indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations of the Guarantor 
under this Trust Deed and shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
5.3 
Unconditional payment 
If an Issuer defaults in the payment of any sum expressed to be payable by such Issuer under this Trust 
Deed or in respect of the Notes or Coupons as and when the same shall become due and payable, the 
Guarantor shall forthwith unconditionally pay or procure to be paid to or to the order of the Trustee in 
the relevant currency in London in immediately available funds the amount in respect of which such 
default has been made; provided that every payment of such amount made by the Guarantor to the 
Principal Paying Agent in the manner provided in the Paying Agency Agreement shall be deemed to cure 
pro tanto such default by such Issuer and shall be deemed for the purposes of this Clause 5 (Guarantee 
and Indemnity) to have been paid to or for the account of the Trustee except to the extent that there is 
failure in the subsequent payment of such amount to the Noteholders and Couponholders in accordance 
with the Conditions, and everything so paid by the Guarantor in accordance with the Paying Agency 
Agreement shall have the same effect as if it had been paid thereunder by such Issuer. 
5.4 
Unconditional obligation 
The Guarantor agrees that its obligations hereunder shall be unconditional, irrespective of the validity, 
regularity or enforceability of this Trust Deed or any Note or Coupon, or any change in or amendment 
hereto or thereto, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Noteholder 
or Couponholder or by the Trustee with respect to any provision of this Trust Deed or the Notes, the

--- Page 123 ---
A43917793 
123 
obtaining of any judgment against the relevant Issuer or any action to enforce the same or any other 
circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defence of a guarantor. 
5.5 
Guarantor’s obligations continuing 
The Guarantor waives diligence, presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the 
event of merger or bankruptcy of either Issuer, any right to require a proceeding first against either Issuer, 
protest or notice with respect to any Note or the indebtedness evidenced thereby and all demands 
whatsoever. The Guarantor agrees that the guarantee and indemnity contained in this Clause 5 
(Guarantee and Indemnity) is a continuing guarantee and indemnity and shall remain in full force and 
effect until all amounts due as principal, interest or otherwise in respect of the Notes or Coupons or 
under this Trust Deed shall have been paid in full and that the Guarantor shall not be discharged by 
anything other than a complete performance of the obligations contained in this Trust Deed and the Notes 
and Coupons. 
5.6 
Subrogation of Guarantor’s rights 
The Guarantor shall be subrogated to all rights of the Noteholders against the relevant Issuer in respect 
of any amounts paid by such Guarantor pursuant hereto; provided that the Guarantor shall not without 
the consent of the Trustee be entitled to enforce, or to receive any payments arising out of or based upon 
or prove in any insolvency or winding up of such Issuer in respect of, such right of subrogation until 
such time as the principal of and interest on all outstanding Notes and Coupons and all other amounts 
due under this Trust Deed and the Notes and Coupons have been paid in full. Furthermore, until such 
time as aforesaid the Guarantor shall not take any security or counter indemnity from such Issuer in 
respect of the Guarantor’s obligations under this Clause 5 (Guarantee and Indemnity). 
5.7 
Repayment to the relevant Issuer 
If any payment received by the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent pursuant to the provisions of this 
Trust Deed or the Conditions shall, on the subsequent bankruptcy, insolvency, corporate reorganisation 
or other similar event affecting either Issuer, be avoided, reduced, invalidated or set aside under any laws 
relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, corporate reorganisation or other similar events, such payment shall 
not be considered as discharging or diminishing the liability of the Guarantor whether as guarantor, 
principal debtor or indemnifier and the guarantee and indemnity contained in this Clause 5 (Guarantee 
and Indemnity) shall continue to apply as if such payment had at all times remained owing by such Issuer 
provided that the obligations of such Issuer and/or the Guarantor under this sub-clause shall, as regards 
each payment made to the Trustee or any Noteholder or Couponholder which is avoided or set aside, be 
contingent upon such payment being reimbursed to such Issuer or other persons entitled through such 
Issuer. 
5.8 
Suspense account 
Any amount received or recovered by the Trustee from the Guarantor in respect of any sum payable by 
an Issuer under this Trust Deed or the Notes or Coupons may be placed in an interest bearing suspense 
account (with the interest to be credited to the Guarantor) and kept there for so long as the Trustee thinks 
fit. 
5.9 
Substitution 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Clause 5 (Guarantee and Indemnity), in the event that: 
5.9.1 
the Guarantor or a Successor in Business of the Guarantor becomes a Substituted Obligor 
pursuant to Clause 8.3 (Substitution of the Issuers), the Guarantor’s obligations under this Clause 
5 (Guarantee and Indemnity) shall terminate; or

--- Page 124 ---
A43917793 
124 
5.9.2 
any Holding Company of the Guarantor becomes a Substituted Obligor pursuant to Clause 8.3 
(Substitution of the Issuers), the Guarantor’s obligations under this Clause 5 (Guarantee and 
Indemnity) shall continue in full force and effect, provided that if such Holding Company of the 
Guarantor has a rating given by an internationally recognised rating agency at least equal to the 
rating of the Guarantor immediately before such substitution, the Guarantor’s obligations under 
this Clause 5 (Guarantee and Indemnity) shall terminate upon such substitution becoming 
effective.

--- Page 125 ---
A43917793 
125 
TAXATION 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws currently in force in The 
Netherlands and Switzerland and may not be applicable depending on a holder’s particular situation. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to Notes or a comprehensive description of 
all tax implications that might be relevant to an investment decision. It is included herein solely for information 
purposes. It is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws of 
the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of The Netherlands and Switzerland of 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts 
under Notes. Holders of Notes who are in doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional 
advisers. This summary is based up on the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to 
any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
The Netherlands  
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Dutch tax considerations that 
could be relevant to holders of the Notes. This summary is intended for general information only. Each 
prospective holder should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of an 
investment in the Notes. This summary is based on Dutch tax legislation and published case law in force as of 
the date of this document. It does not take into account any developments or amendments thereof after that date, 
whether or not such developments or amendments have retroactive effect. For the purposes of this section, “the 
Netherlands” shall mean that part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands that is in Europe. 
(f) 
Scope 
Regardless of whether or not a holder of Notes is, or is treated as being, a resident of the Netherlands, 
with the exception of the section on withholding tax below, this summary does not address the 
Netherlands tax consequences for such a holder: 
(i) 
having a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer (such a substantial interest is 
generally present if an equity stake of at least 5%, or a right to acquire such a stake, is held, in 
each case by reference to the Issuer’s total issued share capital, or the issued capital of a certain 
class of shares); 
(ii) 
who is a private individual and who may be taxed in box 1 for the purposes of Netherlands income 
tax (inkomstenbelasting) as an entrepreneur (ondernemer) having an enterprise (onderneming) to 
which the Notes are attributable, or who may otherwise be taxed in box 1 with respect to benefits 
derived from the Notes; 
(iii) 
which is a corporate entity and a taxpayer for the purposes of Netherlands corporate income tax 
(vennootschapsbelasting), having a participation (deelneming) in the Issuer (such a participation 
is generally present in the case of an interest of at least 5% of the Issuer’s nominal paid-in capital); 
(iv) 
which is a corporate entity and an exempt investment institution (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstelling) 
or investment institution (beleggingsinstelling) for the purposes of Netherlands corporate income 
tax, a pension fund, or otherwise not a taxpayer or exempt for tax purposes; 
(v) 
which is an entity that is affiliated (gelieerd) to Syngenta Finance N.V. within the meaning of the 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet Bronbelasting 2021). Generally, an entity is considered to be 
affiliated (gelieerd) to another entity for these purposes if such entity, either individually or jointly

--- Page 126 ---
A43917793 
126 
if the entity is part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep), has a decisive influence on 
the other entity’s decisions, in such a way that it, or the collaborating group of which it forms 
part, is able to determine the activities of such other entity. An entity, or the collaborating group 
of which it forms part, that holds more than 50% of the voting rights in Syngenta Finance N.V., 
or in which Syngenta Finance N.V. holds more than 50% of the voting rights, is in any event 
considered to be affiliated. An entity is also considered to be affiliated if a third party holds more 
than 50% of the voting rights both in such entity and Syngenta Finance N.V. or 
(vi) 
which is not considered the beneficial owner (uiteindelijk gerechtigde) of the Notes and/or the 
benefits derived from the Notes. 
This summary does not describe the Netherlands tax consequences for a person to whom the Notes are 
attributed on the basis of the separated private assets provisions (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) in 
the Netherlands Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001) and/or the Netherlands Gift and 
Inheritance Tax Act 1956 (Successiewet 1956). 
(g) 
Withholding tax 
All payments made by the Issuer under the Notes may be made free of withholding or deduction for any 
taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, provided that the Notes do not in fact function as 
equity of the Issuer within the meaning of art. 10, paragraph 1, letter d, the Netherlands Corporate 
Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969). 
(h) 
Income tax 
Resident holders: A holder who is a private individual and a resident, or treated as being a resident of 
the Netherlands for the purposes of Netherlands income tax, must record Notes as assets that are held in 
box 3. Taxable income with regard to the Notes is then determined on the basis of a deemed return on 
income from savings and investments (sparen en beleggen), rather than on the basis of income actually 
received or gains actually realised. The applicable deemed return depends on the amount of the taxable 
holder’s yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year, insofar as the yield 
basis exceeds a certain threshold (heffingvrij vermogen), and consequently ranges between 1.90% and 
5.69%. Such yield basis is determined as the fair market value of certain qualifying assets held by the 
holder of the Notes, less the fair market value of certain qualifying liabilities, both determined at the 
beginning of the calendar year. The fair market value of the Notes will be included as an asset in the 
holder’s yield basis. The deemed return on income from savings and investments is taxed at a rate of 
31%. 
Non-resident holders: A holder who is a private individual and neither a resident, nor treated as being a 
resident, of the Netherlands for the purposes of Netherlands income tax, will not be subject to such tax 
in respect of benefits derived from the Notes, unless such holder is entitled to a share in the profits of an 
enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise which is effectively managed in the 
Netherlands, to which enterprise the Notes are attributable. 
(i) 
Corporate income tax 
Resident holders: A holder which is a corporate entity and, for the purposes of Netherlands corporate 
income tax, a resident, or treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands, is taxed in respect of benefits 
derived from the Notes at rates of up to 25%. 
Non-resident holders: A holder which is a corporate entity and, for the purposes of Netherlands corporate 
income tax, is neither a resident, nor treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands, will not be subject

--- Page 127 ---
A43917793 
127 
to corporate income tax, unless such holder has an interest in an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands, a 
Netherlands Enterprise (Nederlandse onderneming), to which Netherlands Enterprise the Notes are 
attributable, or such holder is (other than by way of securities) entitled to a share in the profits of an 
enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the 
Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable. Such holder is taxed in respect of benefits 
derived from the Notes at rates of up to 25%. 
(j) 
Gift and inheritance tax 
Resident holders: Netherlands gift tax or inheritance tax (schenk- of erfbelasting) will arise in respect of 
an acquisition (or deemed acquisition) of Notes by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes 
who is a resident, or treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands for the purposes of Netherlands gift 
and inheritance tax. 
Non-resident holders: No Netherlands gift tax or inheritance tax will arise in respect of an acquisition 
(or deemed acquisition) of Notes by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes who is neither 
a resident, nor treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands for the purposes of Netherlands gift and 
inheritance tax. 
(k) 
Other taxes 
No Netherlands turnover tax (omzetbelasting) will arise in respect of any payment in consideration for 
the issue of Notes, with respect to any cash settlement of Notes or with respect 
to the delivery of Notes. Furthermore, no Netherlands registration tax, capital tax, transfer tax or stamp 
duty (nor any other similar tax or duty) will be payable in connection with the issue or acquisition of the 
Notes. 
(l) 
Residency 
A holder will not become a resident, or a deemed resident, of the Netherlands for Netherlands tax 
purposes by reason only of holding the Notes. 
Switzerland 
(m) 
Swiss withholding tax 
Notes issued by Syngenta Netherlands: According to the present practice of the Swiss Federal Tax 
Administration, provided that (i) the net proceeds from the issue of Notes are neither directly nor 
indirectly used in Switzerland by any kind of intragroup financing which would constitute a harmful 
“use of proceeds in Switzerland” as interpreted by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration for purposes of 
Swiss withholding tax and that (ii) Syngenta Netherlands will at all times be duly incorporated and 
validly existing under the laws of Netherland and at all times be resident and effectively managed outside 
Switzerland, payments in respect of the Notes by the Issuer or the Guarantor are not subject to Swiss 
withholding tax. 
Notes issued by Syngenta Switzerland: According to the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax Law of 13 
October 1965 and the practice of the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, payments of interest on the 
Notes and payments which qualify as interest (in the form of periodic interest payments on the Notes 
(including payments reflecting accrued interest) or one-time interest payments (i.e., the difference 
between the issue price (with issuing discount) and redemption of the Notes at par or a repayment 
premium, if any)) will be subject to Swiss withholding tax at a rate of 35 per cent. Neither the Issuer nor

--- Page 128 ---
A43917793 
128 
the paying agent nor any other person is obliged pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to 
pay additional amounts with respect to any Note as a result of the deduction or imposition of such tax. 
If the relevant requirements are met, the holder of a Note residing in Switzerland is entitled to a full 
refund or tax credit for the Swiss withholding tax, and a holder of a Note who is not resident in 
Switzerland may be entitled to claim a full or partial refund of the Swiss withholding tax by virtue of 
the provisions of an applicable double taxation treaty, if any, concluded between Switzerland and the 
country of residence of such holder. 
Proposed Amendment of the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax Law: Proposed amendments of the Swiss 
Federal Withholding Tax Law foresee a replacement of the current debtor-based regime applicable to 
interest payments with a paying agent-based regime for Swiss withholding tax. This paying agent-based 
regime (i) subjects all interest payments made by paying agents in Switzerland to individuals resident in 
Switzerland to Swiss federal withholding tax and (ii) exempts from Swiss federal withholding tax 
interest payments to all other persons, including to Swiss domiciled legal entities and foreign investors. 
Therefore, according to this proposal, the Swiss federal withholding tax is also imposed on interest 
payments on foreign notes. In case this reform proposal is approved, a Swiss paying agent would need 
to levy and pay Swiss withholding tax on interest payments and suchlike on the notes, provided that the 
beneficiary is an individual resident in Switzerland. Swiss-based financial institutions holding notes in 
depository accounts, Swiss-based issuers (provided no financial institution holds the notes), Swiss-based 
portfolio managers and trustees and other Swiss-based payors may qualify as a paying agent. The 
proposal specifies that change to a paying-agent based regime is voluntary in respect of Swiss notes and 
obligatory for foreign notes. The notes issued by Syngenta Netherlands should qualify as foreign notes 
for the purpose of the proposed regime. 
The consultations procedure was open until 10 July 2020. After having reviewed the results of the 
consultations, the Federal Council decided in September 2020 to submit a new proposal which abolishes 
withholding taxes on all interest income, with the exception of interest income on Swiss bank accounts. 
Currently, the dispatch of the Federal Council is being prepared which will be subsequently submitted 
to the Federal Assembly for approval. The entry into force of the Swiss federal withholding tax reform, 
if adopted, is not expected before 2022. The exact measures of the proposed reform may be changed as 
the result of the parliamentary debates. 
If any such a new paying agent-based regime were to be enacted and were to result in the deduction or 
withholding of Swiss withholding tax by a paying agent in Switzerland on any interest payments in 
respect of the Notes by any person other than the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, the holder 
would not be entitled to receive any additional amounts with respect to the Notes as a result of such 
deduction or withholding under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
(n) 
Issue or transfer stamp tax 
There is no issue or transfer stamp tax liability in Switzerland in connection with the issue and 
redemption of the Notes. 
Purchases or sales of Notes with a maturity in excess of 12 months where a Swiss domestic bank or a 
Swiss domestic securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp duty act) is a party, or acts as an 
intermediary, to the transaction may be subject to Swiss transfer stamp tax at a rate of up to 0.3 per cent. 
(for Notes issued by Syngenta Netherlands) respectively 0.15 per cent. (for Notes issued by Syngenta 
Switzerland) of the purchase price of the Notes. Where both the seller and the purchaser of the Notes are 
non-residents of Switzerland or the Principality of Liechtenstein, no Swiss transfer stamp tax is payable, 
to the extent no Swiss domestic securities dealer is involved (respectively in case of the Notes issued by 
Syngenta Netherlands even in case a Swiss domestic securities dealer is involved).

--- Page 129 ---
A43917793 
129 
(o) 
Income Taxation on Principal and Interest 
Notes held by non-Swiss holders 
Payments by the Issuer of interest and repayment of principal to, and gain realised on the sale or 
redemption of Notes by, a holder of Notes who is not a resident of Switzerland and who during the 
relevant taxation year has not engaged in a trade or business through a permanent establishment or a 
fixed place of business in Switzerland to which the Notes are attributable and who is not subject to 
income taxation in Switzerland for any other reason will not be subject to any Swiss federal, cantonal or 
communal income tax. See “Swiss withholding tax” above for the deduction of Swiss federal 
withholding tax on payments of interest on the Notes. 
Notes held by Swiss holders as private assets 
Individuals who reside in Switzerland and who hold the Notes as private assets are required to include 
all payments of interest in respect of the Notes by the Issuer in their personal income tax return and will 
be taxed on the net taxable income (including the payments of interest in respect of the Notes) for the 
relevant tax period at the then prevailing tax rates.  
Depending on the specific Final Terms (i.e. interest rate, if any, and issue price), the Notes might qualify 
as bonds with predominant one-time interest payments. Swiss resident holders who sell or otherwise 
dispose of privately held Notes realise either a tax-free private capital gain or a non-tax-deductible 
capital loss in case the Notes qualify as bonds without predominant one-time interest payments, i.e., the 
yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic interest and not from a one-time payment. In case 
the Notes qualify as bonds with predominant one-time interest payments, the Swiss resident holders will 
be taxed on the respective gains, including capital gains, realised on the Notes. 
Notes held as Swiss business assets 
Individuals who hold Notes as part of a business in Switzerland and Swiss-resident corporate taxpayers 
and corporate taxpayers residing abroad holding Notes as part of a permanent establishment or fixed 
place of business situated in Switzerland are required to recognise the payments of interest and any 
capital gain or loss realised on the sale or other disposal of such Notes in their income statement for the 
respective tax period and will be taxed on any net taxable earnings for such tax period at the then 
prevailing tax rates. The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who, for 
income tax purposes, are classified as “professional securities dealers” for reasons of, inter alia, frequent 
dealings and leveraged transactions in securities. 
(p) 
Automatic exchange of information 
Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the “MCAA”) regarding the 
automatic exchange of information in tax matters (the “AEOI”) which is based on OECD/Council of 
Europe administrative assistance convention. The Swiss Federal Act on the AEOI entered into force on 
1 January 2017. The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or 
multilateral agreements. On this basis, Switzerland began to collect data in respect of financial assets, 
including, as the case may be, notes, held in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or 
deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland for the benefit of individuals resident in an EU member state 
or in a treaty state from 2017 on and has been exchanging it since 2018, in each case depending on the 
effectiveness of the relevant agreement. Switzerland has signed and intends to sign further AEOI 
agreements with further countries. An up-to-date list of the AEOI agreements of Switzerland in effect or 
signed and becoming effective and the dates of information exchange can be found on the website of the

--- Page 130 ---
A43917793 
130 
State Secretariat for International Financial Matters. Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult 
their advisors concerning the impact of the AEOI. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT in 
Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the 
participating Member States). Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced in the form proposed by the European 
Commission, apply to certain dealings in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain 
circumstances. 
Under current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the 
participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party is 
a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution 
may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, 
including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may therefore be 
altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may 
decide to participate. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation 
to the FTT.

--- Page 131 ---
A43917793 
131 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by an Issuer to any one or more of Banco Santander, S.A., BNP Paribas, 
BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited, Credit Suisse Securities 
Sociedad de Valores S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., J.P. 
Morgan AG, Merrill Lynch International, MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V., UBS AG London Branch, and 
UniCredit Bank AG (the “Dealers”). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to 
be sold by an Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 
26 April 2021 (such dealer agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time (the 
“Dealer Agreement”)) and made between the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, 
inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such 
Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or 
allowable by the relevant Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the 
resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other 
Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category- 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as certified to the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant Issuer 
by such Dealer (or, in the case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of 
such Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Principal Paying 
Agent or the relevant Issuer shall notify each such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer 
to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree,

--- Page 132 ---
A43917793 
132 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(c) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, and 
(d) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each a 
“Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) 
to the public in that Relevant State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant 
State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 133 ---
A43917793 
133 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of UK MiFIR; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the 
expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons:

--- Page 134 ---
A43917793 
134 
(C) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(D) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of 
any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
The Netherlands  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, if the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect 
of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, the Notes (or any 
interest therein) are not and may not, directly or indirectly, be offered, sold, pledged, delivered or transferred in 
the Netherlands, on their issue date or at any time thereafter, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
document in relation to any offering of the Notes (or any interest therein) may be distributed or circulated in 
the Netherlands, other than to qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, provided that these 
parties acquire the Notes for their own account or that of another qualified investor. However, the Notes may 
be offered free of any restrictions in the Netherlands provided that each such Note has a minimum denomination 
in excess of EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent thereof in non-Euro currency) and subject to compliance with the 
relevant requirements under Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014.  
Switzerland 
(a) Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that, subject to the paragraph (b) below,   
(i) it has not publicly offered, sold or advertised any Notes, directly or indirectly, in, into or from 
Switzerland within the meaning of Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and that such Notes will 
not be admitted to trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange or on any trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland;  
(ii) neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to any Notes 
constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA or has been or will be filed 
with or approved by a Swiss review body pursuant to article 52 FinSA; and  
(iii) neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to such Notes may 
be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.  
(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, in respect of any Tranche of Notes to be issued, the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealers may agree that (i) such Notes may be publicly offered in Switzerland within the meaning 
of the FinSA and/or (ii) an application will be made by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to admit such Notes to

--- Page 135 ---
A43917793 
135 
trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) 
in Switzerland, provided that the Issuer and the relevant Dealers agree to comply, and comply, with any 
applicable requirements of the FinSA and the Swiss Financial Services Ordinance in connection with such 
offering and/or application for admission to trading. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant 
to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with 
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 
2018, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets 
products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 136 ---
A43917793 
136 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in 
all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes 
are required by the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in 
each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or 
publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own 
expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the preceding paragraph. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor.

--- Page 137 ---
A43917793 
137 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and admission to trading 
Any Tranche of Notes intended to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be so admitted upon submission to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange subject in each case to the issue of the relevant Notes. Application has been made 
to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list 
and to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for such Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Such application will only be made in respect of Notes issued by Syngenta 
Netherlands. No Notes issued by Syngenta Switzerland will be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
EEA. 
In addition, application may be made to register the Programme on the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
However, Notes may be issued which will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the relevant Issuer, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s) 
may agree. 
Authorisations 
The update of the Programme on 26 April 2021 was authorised by a resolution of Syngenta Switzerland dated 
22 April 2021, of Syngenta Netherlands dated 23 April 2021 and of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor 
dated 21 April 2021. Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor has obtained or will obtain from time to time all 
necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes 
and the giving of the guarantee relating to them.  
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and SIS. The 
appropriate common code, International Securities Identification Number and Swiss Security Number, if 
applicable, in relation to the Notes of each Series will be specified in the relevant Final Terms relating thereto. 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for 
clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Use of proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the relevant Issuer for general 
corporate purposes of the Guarantor’s operating subsidiaries (including, without limitation, the refinancing of 
outstanding indebtedness). The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by Syngenta Netherlands will be used 
outside of Switzerland unless use in Switzerland is permitted under the Swiss taxation laws in force from time 
to time without payments in respect of the Notes becoming subject to withholding or deduction for Swiss 
withholding tax as a consequence of such use of proceeds in Switzerland. 
Litigation 
Viptera

--- Page 138 ---
A43917793 
138 
On February 3, 2021, the court granted Syngenta’s motion for summary judgment and dismissed the DeLong 
lawsuit. While DeLong has filed a notice of appeal, the April 2021 trial date has been stricken from the court 
calendar. 
The Ontario lawsuit has been set for a class certification hearing on 10-13 May 2021. 
Paraquat Parkinson’s disease litigation 
The claims of the remaining plaintiffs in the Hoffman litigation are now scheduled for trial in May 2021. Also, 
thus far in 2021, a number of additional lawsuits have been filed in various courts by other plaintiffs alleging 
largely the same claims regarding paraquat and Parkinson’s disease. Syngenta denies those claims and will 
vigorously defend the lawsuits. 
Canada beekeeper lawsuits 
The parties have entered into a standstill agreement in the Ontario lawsuit pending determination of the outcome 
of the Quebec lawsuit. 
Civil antitrust litigation 
Syngenta has been named in several civil antitrust class action lawsuits filed in various federal courts in the 
United States. Plaintiffs allege that Syngenta, among others, engaged in a conspiracy to fix or “stabilize” prices 
and to boycott certain online agricultural retailers. The lawsuits seek certification of a class of farmers allegedly 
forced to pay higher prices as a result of the claimed anti-competitive behaviour. Syngenta denies that its actions 
have at any time been illegal or improper and will vigorously defend the lawsuits. 
Otherwise, and except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, including as set out in section “Risk Factors –The 
risk that adverse outcomes in legal proceedings could subject the Group to substantial damages” as well as the 
“Litigation Matters” sections starting from page 51 to 53 of the 2020 Financial Report, which is incorporated 
by reference herein, there are no, nor have there been any, governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened) of which either of the Issuers or the Guarantor 
is aware, which may have or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuers or the Guarantor and its subsidiaries taken as a 
whole.  
No significant or material adverse change 
Since 31 December 2020 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Syngenta Netherlands 
nor any significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Syngenta Netherlands. 
Since 31 December 2020 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Syngenta Switzerland 
nor any significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Syngenta Switzerland. 
Since 31 December 2020 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor or the 
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole nor any significant change in the financial performance or 
financial position of the Guarantor or the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of Syngenta AG and its subsidiaries as at 31 December 2020 and 2019, 
and for the years then ended, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been audited in accordance 
with Swiss law, International Standards on Auditing and Swiss Auditing Standards, by KPMG AG, statutory 
auditors, who are independent of Syngenta AG and its subsidiaries, with their address at Viaduktstrasse 42,

--- Page 139 ---
A43917793 
139 
4002 Basel, Switzerland. The financial statements of the Guarantor for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019 have been audited in accordance with Swiss law and Swiss Auditing Standards, by KPMG 
AG, statutory auditors, who are independent of the Guarantor, with their address at Viaduktstrasse 42, 4002 
Basel, Switzerland. 
The financial statements of Syngenta Switzerland for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 have been audited in accordance with Swiss law and Swiss Auditing Standards by KPMG AG, statutory 
auditors, who are independent of Syngenta Switzerland, with their address at Viaduktstrasse 42, 4002 Basel, 
Switzerland. 
The financial statements of Syngenta Netherlands for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 have been audited in accordance with Dutch law including the Dutch Standards on Auditing, and are the 
subject of an unqualified audit report by KPMG Accountants N.V., independent auditors with their address at 
Laan van Langerhuize 1, 1186 DS Amstelveen, the Netherlands. The auditor who signs on behalf of KPMG 
Accountants N.V. is a member of the Dutch Professional Organization for Accountants (Nederlandse 
Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
Documents on display 
For the period of twelve months following the date of this Base Prospectus, English translations of the following 
documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, 
from the registered offices of the Issuers and at https://www.syngenta.com/company/bond-investor-
information, namely: 
(a) 
the Articles of Incorporation of each of the Issuers and the Articles of Association of the Guarantor (as 
may be updated from time to time); 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at 31 December 2020, together with the 
notes to the audited consolidated financial statements and report of the statutory auditor thereon; 
(c) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at 31 December 2019, together with the 
notes to the audited consolidated financial statements and report of the statutory auditor thereon; 
(d) 
the audited financial statements of the Guarantor for the year ended 31 December 2020, together with 
the notes to the audited financial statements and report of the statutory auditor thereon; 
(e) 
the audited financial statements of the Guarantor for the year ended 31 December 2019, together with 
the notes to the audited financial statements and report of the statutory auditor thereon; 
(f) 
the audited financial statements of Syngenta Netherlands for the year ended 31 December 2020, together 
with the notes to the audited financial statements and independent auditor’s report thereon; 
(g) 
the audited financial statements of Syngenta Netherlands for the year ended 31 December 2019, together 
with the notes to the audited financial statements and independent auditor’s report thereon; 
(h) 
the audited financial statements of Syngenta Switzerland for the year ended 31 December 2020, together 
with the notes to the audited financial statements and the statutory auditor’s report thereon; 
(i) 
the audited financial statements of Syngenta Switzerland for the year ended 31 December 2019, together 
with the notes to the audited financial statements and the statutory auditor’s report thereon; 
(j) 
the Trust Deed (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
(k) 
the Paying Agency Agreement; and

--- Page 140 ---
A43917793 
140 
(l) 
the Programme Manual. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, any Drawdown Prospectus, 
any documents incorporated by reference (other than the financial statements of Syngenta Switzerland for the 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, together with the notes to the financial statements and 
the statutory auditor’s report) and each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be available on the website of the Issuers 
(https://www.syngenta.com/) and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes. In the case of different 
Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the 
interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the 
Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the 
Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant issue 
date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Legal Entity Identifiers 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of Syngenta Switzerland is 529900N01HMPQ5QK4H13. The Legal Entity 
Identifier code of Syngenta Netherlands is 54930042S3BYCEGOCN86. 
Website of the Issuers 
The website of Syngenta Switzerland and Syngenta Netherlands is (https://www.syngenta.com/). The 
information on (https://www.syngenta.com/) does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that 
information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 141 ---
A43917793 
141 
THE ISSUERS 
Syngenta Finance N.V. 
Westeinde 62 
1601 BK Enkhuizen 
The Netherlands 
Syngenta Finance AG 
c/o Syngenta Crop Protection AG 
Rosentalstrasse 67 
4058 Basel 
Switzerland 
 
THE GUARANTOR 
Syngenta AG 
Rosentalstrasse 67 
4058 Basel 
Switzerland 
 
ARRANGER 
Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom

--- Page 142 ---
A43917793 
142 
DEALERS 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n, Edificio Encinar, Planta baja 
28660 Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain  
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France   
 Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
 Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid  
Spain 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstraße 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
 
 J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Merrill Lynch International  
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
 MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98  
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
 
TRUSTEE 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom

--- Page 143 ---
A43917793 
143 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor  
as to English law: 
To Syngenta Finance N.V.  
as to Dutch law: 
To Syngenta Finance AG  
as to Swiss law: 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
Linklaters LLP 
World Trade Centre 
Zuidplein 180 
Amsterdam 
1077 XV 
The Netherlands 
Bär & Karrer Ltd. 
Brandschenkestrasse 90 
CH-8027 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
To the Arranger and Dealers  
as to English law: 
 
 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom 
 
 
AUDITORS 
To Syngenta Finance N.V.: 
To Syngenta Finance AG, the Guarantor and the Group: 
KPMG Accountants N.V. 
Laan van Langerhuize 1 
1186 DS Amstelveen 
The Netherlands 
KPMG AG 
Viaduktstrasse 42 
4002 Basel 
Switzerland