--- Page 1 ---
1
TÜRKİYE SINAİ KALKINMA BANKASI A.Ş.
U.S.$2,000,000,000
Global Medium Term Note Programme
Under this U.S.$2,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Türkiye Sınai Kalkınma Bankası A.Ş., a banking institution organised as a public 
joint stock company under the laws of Türkiye and registered with the İstanbul Trade Registry under number 42527 (the “Bank”, “TSKB” or the “Issuer”), may from time to time 
issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes”). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), 
subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to: (a) one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis, and/or (b) one or 
more investors purchasing Notes directly from the Issuer. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to 
be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central 
Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended (“MiFID II”) (the “Regulated Market”) and/or which are to be 
offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the “Official List”) and to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have 
been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Regulated Market. 
Application has been made to the Capital Markets Board of Türkiye (the “CMB”), in its capacity as competent authority under Law No. 6362 (as amended, the “Capital Markets 
Law”) of the Republic of Türkiye (“Türkiye”) relating to capital markets, for the issuance and sale of Notes by the Issuer outside of Türkiye. No Tranche (as defined in “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes”) of the Notes can be sold before the necessary approvals and an approved issuance certificate (ihraç belgesi) are obtained from the CMB. As a pre-
condition to the CMB approval, an application has been made to the Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency (the “BRSA”) for the issuance of Notes to investors outside of 
Türkiye. 
The CMB approval relating to the issuance of Notes based upon which any offering of the Notes (other than Sustainable Notes) will be conducted was obtained on 7 March 2024 
(as per the CMB approval letter dated 11 March 2024 and numbered E-29833736-105.02.02-50974), and a written approval of the CMB relating to any issuance of Notes (which 
may be in the form of a tranche issuance certificate (tertip ihraç belgesi) or in any other form required under the applicable legislation) will be required to be obtained from the 
CMB on or before any sale and issuance of each Tranche of Notes. 
The BRSA also provided its approval relating to the issuance of Notes, which requires any issuance of Notes outside of Türkiye to be denominated in a currency other than Turkish 
Lira. In order to issue Notes in Turkish Lira, the Issuer will be required to obtain a new BRSA approval. 
Under current Turkish tax law, withholding tax may apply to payments of interest on the Notes. See “Taxation – Certain Turkish Tax Considerations”. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each 
Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed 
on Euronext Dublin, will be filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin. Copies of such Final Terms will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin/bonds/list. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any U.S. State securities laws, and may be offered 
(a) for sale in the United States only in registered form to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers (“QIBs”) as defined in and in reliance upon Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”) and (b) for sale outside the United States to persons other than U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(“Regulation S”). See “Form of the Notes” for a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued. The Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer (see “Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”). 
Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated B3 (for long-term issuances) and NP (for short-term issuances) by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”). 
The Issuer has also been rated by Moody’s, as set out on page 215 of this Base Prospectus. Moody’s is not registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”) or included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Moody’s rating is endorsed by its affiliate Moody’s Deutschland 
GmbH. Moody's Deutschland GmbH is established in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and included in such list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA. 
Notes may either be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is so rated (other than unsolicited ratings), such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by Moody’s. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not 
the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the 
result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms (or, if 
located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law, the Bank does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 2 ---
2
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
Arrangers 
Citigroup
Commerzbank
Dealers
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank
Bank ABC
BNP PARIBAS
Citigroup 
Commerzbank
ING
Morgan Stanley
Standard Chartered Bank
SMBC Nikko
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking
The date of this Base Prospectus is 12 March 2024.

--- Page 3 ---
3
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document 
does not constitute a prospectus for the purpose of Section 12(a)(2) of, or any other provision of or rule under, 
the Securities Act.
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information.
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers accept any responsibility for the information 
contained in or incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme or for any statement made, or purported to be made, by a Dealer or 
on its behalf in connection with the Programme. Each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability that it 
might otherwise have (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) in respect of the accuracy or completeness of any 
such information or statements.
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus and make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and 
affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to 
any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention.
None of the Issuer, the Arrangers or any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any 
Sustainable Notes (as defined below), including the listing or admission to trading thereof on any dedicated 
‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market, to fulfil any green, social, environmental or sustainability criteria or labels (including in 
relation to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment 
(the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”) and any related technical screening criteria, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on 
European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for 
sustainability-linked bonds which entered into force in 20 December 2023 and is expected to become applicable 
from 21 December 2024 (the “EU Green Bond Regulation”), Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability-

--- Page 4 ---
4
related disclosures in the financial services sector (“SFDR”) and any implementing legislation and guidelines, 
or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom (the “UK”)) required by any prospective investors, or any 
requirements of such criteria and/or labels as they may evolve from time to time. The Arrangers and the Dealers 
have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for Eligible 
Sustainable Projects (as defined below), any verification of whether the Eligible Sustainable Projects meet such 
criteria, the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Sustainable Notes (or amounts equal thereto) or the 
allocation of the proceeds by the Issuer to particular Eligible Sustainable Projects. No assurance is given by the 
Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers or any other person that the use of the proceeds of issue of any Sustainable 
Notes will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to comply. 
Investors should refer to the Sustainability Framework (as defined below) which the Issuer may publish from 
time to time, any second party opinion delivered in respect thereof, and any public reporting by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Sustainable Notes for further information. 
Any such sustainability framework and/or second party opinion and/or public reporting will not be incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus and neither the Arrangers nor any of the Dealers makes any representation 
as to the suitability or contents thereof. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer which is 
intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
and neither (i) this Base Prospectus nor (ii) any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with all applicable laws 
and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering 
and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or 
sale of Notes in Türkiye, the UK, the United States, the EEA, Japan, the Kingdom of Bahrain, Hong Kong, 
Switzerland, Singapore and Thailand (see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”).
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the terms of 
the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. The Notes have not been approved or 
disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) or any other securities 
commission or other regulatory authority in the United States and, other than the approvals of the CMB, the 
BRSA and the Central Bank of Ireland described herein, have not been approved or disapproved by any other 
securities commission or other regulatory authority in Türkiye or any other jurisdiction, nor have the foregoing 
authorities (other than the Central Bank of Ireland to the extent described herein) approved this Base Prospectus 
or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
Any representation to the contrary might be unlawful.
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the legality 
of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the economic risk 
of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time.
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may 
wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it:

--- Page 5 ---
5
(i)
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio;
(iii)
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency;
(iv)
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and
(v)
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or to review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules.
The Issuer has obtained the CMB approval letter (dated 11 March 2024 and numbered E-29833736-105.02.02-
50974) and the CMB approved issuance certificate (in Turkish: onaylanmış ihraç belgesi) dated 11 March 2024 
and numbered 77/BA-386 (together, the “CMB Approval”) based upon which any offering of the Notes (other 
than Sustainable Notes) might be conducted. The Issuer has also obtained the BRSA approval letter (numbered 
E-20008792-101.02.01[10]-111476) (the “BRSA Approval” and, with the CMB Approval, the “Programme 
Approvals”) required for the issuance of Notes under the Programme. The maximum principal amount of 
securities that the Bank can issue under the CMB Approval is U.S.$500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) (the “Approved Issuance Limit”); provided that, in order to issue Notes in Turkish Lira, the Issuer 
will be required to obtain a new approval from the BRSA. As per the Green Debt Instruments, Sustainable Debt 
Instruments, Green Lease Certificates, Sustainable Lease Certificates Guide published by the CMB on 24 
February 2022, in order to make green issuances outside Türkiye, the Issuer should obtain a separate approval 
from the CMB in addition to the CMB Approval mentioned above. It should be noted that, regardless of the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of Notes or the amount permitted to be issued under the Programme, 
unless the Bank obtains new approval(s) from the CMB, the aggregate principal amount of securities issued 
under the CMB Approval (whether issued under the Programme or otherwise) cannot exceed the Approved 
Issuance Limit. In addition to the Programme Approvals, but only to the extent (and in the form) required by 
applicable law, an approval of the CMB in respect of each Tranche of Notes is required to be obtained by the 
Issuer on or before the Issue Date of such Tranche, which date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The scope of the Programme Approvals might be amended and/or new approvals from the CMB and/or the 
BRSA might be obtained from time to time. The Notes issued under the Programme prior to the respective dates 
of the Programme Approvals were issued under previously existing BRSA and CMB approvals. Pursuant to the 
Programme Approvals, the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme has been authorised and 
approved in accordance with Decree 32 on the Protection of the Value of the Turkish Currency (as amended 
from time to time, “Decree 32”), the Banking Law No. 5411 of 2005, as amended (the “Banking Law”) and

--- Page 6 ---
6
its related legislation, the Capital Markets Law and its related regulation and the Communiqué on Debt 
Instruments.
In addition, the Notes may only be offered or sold outside of Türkiye in accordance with the Programme 
Approvals. Under the CMB Approval, the CMB has authorised the offering, sale and issue of any Notes on the 
condition that no transaction that qualifies as a sale or offering of Notes in Türkiye may be engaged in. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the BRSA decisions dated 6 May 2010 No. 3665 and dated 30 
September 2010 No. 3875 and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Türkiye: (a) may purchase or sell 
Notes denominated in a currency other than Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse 
inquiry) basis in the secondary markets only; and (b) may purchase or sell Notes denominated in Turkish Lira 
in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis in both the primary and secondary markets. 
Further, pursuant to Article 15(d)(ii) of Decree 32, Turkish residents may purchase or sell Notes offshore on an 
unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis; provided that such purchase or sale is made through licensed banks or 
licensed brokerage institutions authorised pursuant to BRSA and/or CMB regulations and the purchase price is 
transferred through licensed banks authorised under BRSA regulations. As such, Turkish residents should use 
licensed banks or licensed brokerage institutions when purchasing Notes and should transfer the purchase price 
through licensed banks authorised under BRSA regulations. Monies paid for the purchases of Notes are not 
protected by the insurance coverage provided by the Savings Deposit Insurance Fund (the “SDIF”).
Pursuant to the Communiqué on Debt Instruments, the Issuer is required to notify the Central Securities 
Depository of Türkiye (Merkezi Kayıt Kuruluşu) (the “CRA”) within three Turkish business days from the 
applicable Issue Date of a Tranche of Notes of the amount, issue date, ISIN (if any), interest commencement 
date, maturity date, interest rate, name of the custodian, currency of the Notes and the country of issuance.

--- Page 7 ---
7
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Forward-
looking statements include statements concerning the Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future 
operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. When 
used in this Base Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, 
“plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, “may”, “might”, “will”, “should” and any similar expressions generally 
identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements appear in a number of places 
throughout this Base Prospectus, including (without limitation) in the sections titled “Risk Factors”, 
“Use of Proceeds”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations” and “Business of the Group” and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding, the 
Group’s strategy and objectives, as well as statements regarding the Group’s intentions, beliefs or current 
expectations regarding future business, results of operations and financial condition, asset portfolios, 
loan loss reserves, capital spending, outcomes of legal proceedings and the degree of the Group’s 
potential exposure to market risk and other risk factors. Forward-looking statements involve risks, 
uncertainties and assumptions and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-
looking statements, including due to the following factors: credit risk in relation to the Group’s borrowers 
and other counterparties;

the Group’s reliance on loans guaranteed by the Turkish government and financing by DFIs;

risks related to the Group being controlled by İşbank;

competition in the Turkish banking sector;

the impact on profitability and profitability growth of the Group as a result of regulatory, competitive 
and other factors impacting the Turkish banking sector;

the potential negative effect of volatility in interest rates and foreign currencies, and particularly 
volatility of the Turkish Lira;

the Group’s degree of exposure to project finance and energy loans and feed-in tariffs;

the potential negative effect of the rapid growth of the Group’s loan portfolio on asset quality;

ability to meet minimum capital adequacy requirements;

insufficiency of the value of the collateral securing the Group’s loans and advances;

sustainability of the level of earnings on the Group’s securities portfolio;

changes in applicable laws, regulations or interpretation and enforcement thereof;

continued volatility of the Turkish banking sector; and

a number of political, economic and legal risks related to Türkiye.
The Issuer has based these forward-looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to 
future events and financial performance. Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and 
projections reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if 
one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise(s), including those identified below or which the Issuer has 
otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer’s underlying assumptions prove to be 
incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer’s actual results of operation may vary from those expected, estimated or 
predicted and those variations may be material.

--- Page 8 ---
8
Although the Issuer has identified all material risks in the section titled “Risk Factors”, there may be other risks, 
including some risks of which the Issuer is unaware, that could adversely affect the Group’s results or the 
accuracy of forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus. 
Potential investors should not place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Without prejudice 
to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or 
undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-
looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations thereof or any change in events, 
conditions or circumstances on which any such forward-looking statement is based.
STABILISATION
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules.
U.S. INFORMATION
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
The Notes may be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, 
as defined in Regulation S (“U.S. person”), only to QIBs in registered form and in transactions exempt from 
registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Rule 144A or any other applicable exemption. Each 
purchaser of Registered Notes that is a U.S. person or is in the United States is hereby notified that the offer 
and sale of any Notes to it may be being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements 
of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.
Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Notes or any Notes issued in registered form in exchange or 
substitution therefor (together “Legended Notes”) will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such 
Legended Notes, to have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other 
transfer of such Notes as set out in “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. Unless 
otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in “Form of the Notes”.
The SEC has issued an order exempting the Bank from all provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940, 
as amended (the “ICA”), in connection with the offer and sale of the Bank’s debt securities in the United States.
AVAILABLE INFORMATION
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are 
“restricted securities” within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken in a deed poll dated

--- Page 9 ---
9
17 July 2019 (the “Deed Poll”) to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Notes or any beneficial interest 
therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him, the information required to be delivered 
under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any of the Notes to be transferred 
remain outstanding as “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and the 
Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended (the “Exchange Act”) nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder.
Important – EEA Retail Investors – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
‘Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors’, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.
Important – UK Retail Investors – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled 
‘Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors’, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled ‘MiFID II Product Governance’ which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled ‘UK MiFIR Product Governance’ which will outline the target market assessment in respect of

--- Page 10 ---
10
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.
Notice in relation to Canada – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal advisor.
Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian 
jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), some or all of 
the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter 
conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.
Product Classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 – In connection 
with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to 
time, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the 
“CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed 
capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018).
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
Presentation of Financial Information
The Bank maintains its books and prepares its statutory financial statements in Turkish Lira in accordance with 
the prevailing accounting principles and standards set out as per Articles 37 and 38 of the Banking Law No. 
5411 and other regulations, circulars, communiqués and pronouncements in respect of accounting and financial 
reporting principles announced by the BRSA (collectively, the “BRSA Principles”) and, to the extent they do 
not conflict with the BRSA Principles, Turkish Auditing Standards published by the Public Oversight, 
Accounting and Auditing Standards Authority (the “POA”). BRSA Principles differ in certain significant 
respects from IFRS. Potential investors should consult their own professional advisors for an understanding of 
the differences between IFRS and BRSA Principles and how these differences might affect the financial 
information in and incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 11 ---
11
The Group’s consolidated and the Bank’s unconsolidated annual statutory financial statements as of and for the 
years ended 31 December 2021 (the “2021 BRSA Financial Statements”), 31 December 2022 (the “2022 
BRSA Financial Statements”) and 31 December 2023 (the “2023 BRSA Financial Statements”, together 
with the 2021 BRSA Financial Statements and the 2022 BRSA Financial Statements, the “BRSA Financial 
Statements”) have each been prepared and presented in accordance with BRSA Principles. It is important to 
note that the consolidated BRSA Financial Statements are prepared with inclusion of only financial subsidiaries 
whereas other equity participations are included as noted in the following paragraph. When referenced with 
respect to a particular financial period, the BRSA Financial Statements shall be understood to refer to that 
particular financial period only.
The BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021, 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2023 are prepared on a historical cost basis except for: (a) financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss (including financial liabilities held for trading), financial assets available for sale, derivative financial 
instruments, investment property and tangible assets, and (b) loans, investments categorised as held to maturity 
and other financial assets, which are presented at amortised cost.
Refer to Section Three Note I of the 2022 BRSA Financial Statements which details that there are differences 
between accounting principles and standards set out by regulations in conformity with BRSA Accounting and 
Financial Reporting Legislation and the accounting principles generally accepted in countries in which the 
accompanying unconsolidated financial statements are to be distributed and International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”) including with regard to the non-application of IAS 29 Financial Reporting in 
Hyperinflation Economies.
In March 2022, the International Practices Task Force of the Centre for Audit Quality, which monitors countries 
experiencing high inflation, categorised Türkiye as a country with a three-year cumulative inflation rate greater 
than 100 per cent. as of 28 February 2022. On 23 November 2023, the POA published an announcement 
requiring entities that apply Turkish Financial Reporting Standards (“TFRS”) to present their financial 
statements by adjusting for the impact of inflation for the annual period ending on or after 31 December 2023 
in accordance with the principles set out in TAS 29, Financial Reporting in High Inflation Economies (“TAS 
29”); however, this announcement also provided that institutions authorised to regulate and supervise Turkish 
companies (e.g., the BRSA as the regulator of Turkish banks) may determine a different transition date and, on 
12 December 2023, the BRSA announced that such shall not apply for banks for BRSA Financial Statements 
as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023 (as of the date of this Base Prospectus, no statement has yet 
been made with respect to later accounting periods). On 11 January 2024, the BRSA announced that inflation 
adjustment will apply for banks for accounting periods starting from 1 January 2025. As a result: (a) the BRSA 
Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have not applied the inflation 
adjustment standards of TAS 29; however, such adjustments might be applied in the future (including with 
respect to some or all of the 2023 BRSA Financial Statements), and (b) the BRSA Financial Statements: (i) are 
not currently adjusted for inflation and (ii) to the extent they are hereafter so adjusted for inflation, will not be 
comparable to financial statements from earlier periods prepared without such policies.
Due to a policy change, the financial statements of the previous year have been restated within the framework 
of TAS 8 (Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors Standard).
The 2021 BRSA Financial Statements, 2022 BRSA Financial Statements and 2023 BRSA Financial Statements 
have been audited by Güney Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş. (a member firm of 
Ernst & Young Global Limited) (“EY”), independent auditors. See the independent auditors audit reports 
accompanying the BRSA Financial Statements and incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, which 
are qualified.

--- Page 12 ---
12
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information presented herein is based upon the BRSA Financial 
Statements and has been extracted from the BRSA Financial Statements without material adjustment. The 
BRSA Financial Statements, all of which are in English, were prepared as convenience translations of the 
Turkish language BRSA Financial Statements (which translations the Bank confirms were direct and accurate). 
The English language BRSA Financial Statements were not prepared for the purpose of their inclusion in this 
Base Prospectus.
While neither the Bank nor the Group is required by law to prepare its accounts under any accounting standards 
other than BRSA Principles, including under IFRS, the Bank’s management has elected to publish for the Group 
audited annual consolidated financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, with the 
most recent such financial statements being the Group’s audited IFRS financial statements as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2021. IFRS financial statements are not used for any regulatory purposes and the Bank’s 
management uses the BRSA Financial Statements and related BRSA Principles for the management of the Bank 
and communications with investors. The Issuer’s IFRS financial statements do not constitute a part of, and are 
not incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus.
Certain figures included in, or incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus have been subject to 
rounding adjustments (e.g., certain U.S. Dollar amounts have been rounded to the nearest million). Accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them.
Unless otherwise indicated, the sources for statements and data concerning the Bank and its business are based 
upon best estimates and assumptions of the Bank’s management. The Bank’s management believes that these 
assumptions are reasonable and that its estimates have been prepared with due care. The data concerning the 
Bank included herein, whether based upon external sources or based upon the Bank’s internal research, 
constitute the best current estimates of the information described.
Except as expressly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the contents of any website referenced 
herein do not form part of (and are not incorporated into) this Base Prospectus.
Presentation of Non-GAAP Measures of Financial Performance or Alternative Performance 
Measures
To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with BRSA Principles, 
the Group uses certain ratios and measures included in this Base Prospectus that would be considered non-
GAAP financial measures (as these measures are not defined under IFRS or BRSA Principles) and Alternative 
Performance Measures (“APMs”) as defined in the European Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines 
(“ESMA Guidelines”). For the Group, these measures include (without limitation):

net interest margin: for a particular period, this is: (a) the unconsolidated Bank-only (“Bank-only”) net 
interest income (excluding interest from the Central Bank of Türkiye (Türkiye Cumhuriyet Merkez 
Bankası) (the “CBRT”) on reserves held thereat) for such period (and, when calculating for the interim 
period, the figure is annualised by multiplying the Bank-only net interest income for the indicated period 
of such year by 12 and divided by the number of months in such period) plus net trading income divided 
by (b) the Bank-only quarterly average interest earning assets (excluding reserves held at the CBRT). 
The “quarterly average” interest earning assets for a period are calculated by averaging the amount of 
interest earning assets as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such 
period (e.g., for any year, 31 December of the previous year) and each intervening quarter-end date (i.e., 
31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December, as applicable); 

cost-to-income ratio: for a particular period, this is: (a) the “cost” (calculated as total operating expenses) 
for such period divided by (b) the “income” (calculated as total operating income) for such period;

--- Page 13 ---
13

free capital ratio: as of a particular date, this is: (a) the Group’s total shareholders’ equity as of such date 
minus the Group’s tangible assets (net), intangible assets and goodwill (net), tax asset, investments in 
equity participations (i.e., the sum of investment in associates (net)), investment in subsidiaries (net) and 
jointly controlled entities (joint ventures) (net)) and non-performing loans net of specific provisions as 
of such date as a percentage of (b) the Group’s total assets as of such date;

non-performing loans to total cash loans: as of a particular date, this is: (a) non-performing loans as of 
such date divided by (b) the loans and receivables, as of such date;

compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”): CAGR is calculated by dividing the ending value by the 
initial value, raising the result to the power of one divided by the period length and subtracting one from 
the subsequent result.

cost to average total assets: for a particular period, this is: (a) the “cost” (calculated as total operating 
expenses) for such period as a percentage of (b) the average total assets (determined on a quarterly basis);

average interest earning assets: for a particular period, this is: the sum of the quarterly averages of loans 
and receivables (performing), total securities portfolio, banks and money market placements calculated 
by averaging the amount of interest earning assets as the balance sheet date immediately prior to the 
commencement of such period (i.e., for 31 December of the previous year) and each intervening quarter-
end date (i.e., 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December, as applicable);

return on average total assets: for a particular period, this is: (a) the net income for such period (and, 
when calculating for the interim period, the figure is annualised by multiplying the net income for the 
indicated period of such year by 12 and divided by the number of months in such period) as a percentage 
of (b) average total assets (determined on a quarterly basis);

liquid asset ratio (post-1 January 2018): as of a particular date, this is: (a) total amount of cash and 
balances with the CBRT, banks, financial assets at fair value through profit and loss, financial assets at 
fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at amortised cost 
investments divided by (b) the Group’s total assets;

liquid asset ratio (prior to 1 January 2018): as of a particular date, this is: (a) total amount of cash and 
balances with the CBRT, banks, financial assets at fair value through profit and loss, financial assets 
available for sale and held to maturity investments divided by (b) the Group’s total assets;

spread: for a particular period, this is: the difference between (a) the average rate of interest earned on 
interest-earning assets and (b) the average rate of interest accrued on interest-bearing liabilities. Average 
balances are calculated from monthly balances and do not include interest accruals;

return on average shareholders’ equity excluding minority interest: for a particular period, this is: (a) the 
net income (when calculated for the Group, excluding minority interest) for such period (and when 
calculating for the interim period, the figure is annualised by multiplying the net income for the indicated 
period of such year by 12 and divided by the number of months in such period) as a percentage of (b) 
the average shareholders’ equity (when calculated for the Group, excluding non-controlling interest);

average shareholders’ equity: for a particular period, unless stated otherwise, this is calculated by 
averaging the amount of shareholders’ equity (when calculated for the Group excluding non-controlling 
interest) as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for 
any year, 31 December of the previous year) and each intervening quarter-end date (i.e., 31 March, 30 
June, 30 September and 31 December, as applicable) or year-end date, as applicable; and

--- Page 14 ---
14

average total assets: for a particular period, this is the average of the amount of total assets as of the 
balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 
31 December of the previous year) and each intervening quarter-end date during such period.
A body of generally accepted accounting principles such as IFRS or BRSA Principles is commonly referred to 
as “GAAP”. A non-GAAP financial measure is defined as one that measures historical or future financial 
performance, financial position or cash flows but that excludes or includes amounts that would not be so 
adjusted in the most comparable GAAP measures. These non-GAAP financial measures and APMs contained 
herein are not a substitute for GAAP measures, for which management has responsibility.
The APMs contained herein relate to past (and not future) reporting periods. Reconciliations contained herein 
are made to the BRSA Financial Statements and the notes thereto as at, and for the time period ending on, the 
date as of which the relevant APM is provided.
Refer to the “Selected Financial and Other Information”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations” and “Business of the Group” sections of this Base Prospectus for an 
additional discussion of the specific adjustments applied in reconciliation to the directly comparable GAAP 
measures.
The non-GAAP measures and APMs included in this Base Prospectus are not in accordance with or an 
alternative to measures prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles and may not be comparable to similarly 
titled measures reported by other companies. The Bank’s management believes that this information, along with 
comparable measures under BRSA Principles, is useful to investors because it provides a basis for measuring 
the Bank’s organic operating performance in the years presented. These measures are used in internal 
management of the Group, along with the most directly comparable financial measures under BRSA Principles, 
in evaluating the Group’s operating performance. Non-GAAP financial measures and APMs should not be 
considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information presented in compliance with BRSA 
Principles.
The Bank’s management believes that these non-GAAP measures and APMs, when considered in conjunction 
with measures under BRSA Principles, enhance investors’ and management’s overall understanding of the 
Group’s financial performance. In addition, because the Group has historically reported certain non-GAAP 
results to investors, the Bank’s management believes that the inclusion of non-GAAP measures and APMs 
provides consistency in the Group’s financial reporting and thus improves investors’ ability to assess the 
Group’s trends and performance over multiple periods.
Currency Presentation and Exchange Rates
In this Base Prospectus, all references to:

“Turkish Lira” and “TL” refer to the lawful currency for the time being of the Republic of Türkiye;

“euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU, as amended;

“U.S. Dollars”, “U.S.$” and “$” refer to United States dollars; and

“Sterling” and “£” refer to pounds sterling.
No representation is made that the Turkish Lira or Dollar amounts in this Base Prospectus could have been or 
could be converted into Dollars and Turkish Lira, as the case may be, at any particular rate or at all. For a 
discussion of the effects on the Group of fluctuating exchange rates, see “Risk Factors – Risks Related to the 
Group and its Business – Market Risks – The Group is exposed to foreign exchange and currency risks and 
further devaluations of the Turkish Lira may adversely impact the Bank’s business, results of operation and

--- Page 15 ---
15
financial condition” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations”.
Certain Defined Terms, Conventions and Other Considerations in Relation to the Presentation of 
Information in this Base Prospectus
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus have the 
meaning attributed thereto in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Base Prospectus.
In this Base Prospectus, “Bank” means Türkiye Sınai Kalkınma Bankası A.Ş. on a standalone basis and 
“Group” means the Bank and its subsidiaries (and, with respect to consolidated accounting information, its 
consolidated entities).
In this Base Prospectus, any reference to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC (each as 
defined under “Form of the Notes”) shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference 
to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be 
approved by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.
In this Base Prospectus, all average balance sheet amounts are calculated as the average of the opening and 
closing balances for the applicable period except to the extent specifically set forth herein.
All of the information contained in this Base Prospectus concerning the Turkish market and the Issuer’s 
competitors has been obtained (and extracted without material adjustment) from publicly available information. 
Certain information under the heading “Book-Entry Clearance Systems” has been extracted from information 
provided by the clearing systems referred to therein. Where third-party information has been used in this Base 
Prospectus, the source of such information has been identified. The Issuer confirms that all such information 
has been accurately reproduced and, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from the relevant published 
information, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing statement, third-party information in this Base 
Prospectus, while believed to be reliable, has not been independently verified by the Issuer or any other party.
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. In particular, but without limitation, the titles of Turkish legislation and the names of Turkish 
institutions referenced herein have been translated from Turkish into English. The translation of these titles and 
names are direct and accurate.
All data relating to the Turkish banking sector in this Base Prospectus have been obtained from the BRSA’s 
website at www.bddk.org.tr, the Banks Association of Türkiye’s (the “BAT”) website at www.tbb.org.tr or the 
website of the Interbank Card Centre (Bankalararası Kart Merkezi), and all data relating to the Turkish 
economy, including statistical data, has been obtained from the website of the Turkish Statistical Institute 
(Türkiye İstatistik Kurumu) (“TurkStat”) at www.turkstat.gov.tr, the website of the Central Bank of Türkiye 
(Türkiye Cumhuriyet Merkez Bankası) at www.tcmb.gov.tr, the website of the Turkish Ministry of Treasury and 
Finance (referred to herein as the “Turkish Ministry of Treasury and Finance” or “Turkish Treasury”) where 
applicable, references to the Turkish Treasury shall be deemed to refer to the Undersecretariat of the Treasury, 
which was restructured to become part of the new Ministry of Treasury and Finance pursuant to Presidential 
Decree No. 1 dated 10 July 2018 published in the Official Gazette at www.hazine.gov.tr or the European 
Banking Federation’s website at www.ebf-fbe.eu. Such data has been extracted from such websites without 
material adjustment, but may not appear in the exact same form on such websites or elsewhere. Such websites 
do not, and should not be deemed to constitute a part of, or be incorporated into, this Base Prospectus.
In the case of the presented statistical information, similar statistics may be obtainable from other sources, 
although the underlying assumptions and methodology, and consequently the resulting data, may vary from

--- Page 16 ---
16
source to source. Where information has been sourced from a third party, such publications generally state that 
the information they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable but that the accuracy and 
completeness of such information is not guaranteed.
Information regarding the Issuer’s shareholders (including ownership levels and agreements) in this Base 
Prospectus has been based upon public filings and announcements by such shareholders.

--- Page 17 ---
17
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................18
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS AND SERVICE OF PROCESS ............................................................56
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................58
OVERVIEW OF THE BANK ...........................................................................................................................59
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................62
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................................68
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................73
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................88
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................126
SELECTED FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ...........................................................................128
SELECTED BANK STATISTICAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ...........................................................137
CAPITALISATION .........................................................................................................................................149
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS ........................................................................................................................................150
BUSINESS OF THE GROUP .........................................................................................................................191
RISK MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................................................216
MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................................................................228
OWNERSHIP..................................................................................................................................................238
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS ...........................................................................................................240
TURKISH BANKING SYSTEM....................................................................................................................241
TURKISH REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT ..............................................................................................245
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................285
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................290
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER U.S. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS ............303
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS ..................................305
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................318
APPENDIX 1 OVERVIEW OF SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES BETWEEN IFRS AND BRSA 
ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES ...............................................................................................................321

--- Page 18 ---
18
RISK FACTORS
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or together 
could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. It is not possible 
to identify all such factors, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it 
currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of future events which 
the Issuer does not have knowledge of as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer has identified in this 
Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make 
payments due on the Notes.
In addition, factors identified by the Issuer which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with the Notes are described below.
Prospective investors should note that the Issuer’s business is significantly impacted by the condition of the 
Turkish economy, which itself is significantly influenced by Turkish political circumstances and global economic 
conditions (particularly in those countries with whom Türkiye has a material trading relationship). The 
category of risk factors within the section entitled “Risks Related to Türkiye” describes the material risks 
relating to Türkiye that the Issuer’s management has identified as potentially having a material impact on the 
Issuer, including those impacting materially on its business, financial condition and results of operations and 
thus on its ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes. In addition to the macroeconomic conditions 
relating to Türkiye, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations, and its ability to make 
payments due in respect of the Notes, are also subject to significant risks specific to the Group, including the 
ones discussed in the category of risk factors entitled “Risks Related to the Group and its Business” below. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should also consider risks relating to the structure of, and market for, the 
Notes, the material ones of which that have been identified by the Issuer’s management are described in the 
category of risk factors entitled “Risks Related to the Notes”.
It is important to note that the exposure of the Group’s business to a market downturn in Türkiye or the other 
markets in which it operates, or any other risks, may exacerbate or trigger other risks that the Group faces. As 
such, the below risks should be understood in the context that more than one may apply concurrently and 
compound any adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. Capitalised terms used but not defined herein 
have the meanings given to them elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
Risks Related to Türkiye
The most material risk to the Issuer’s ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes is that its operations, 
and particularly its loan portfolio and its holdings of government securities, are concentrated in Türkiye. 
Accordingly, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations are significantly subject to the 
political and economic conditions prevailing in Türkiye, the Turkish regulatory environment and other 
conditions relating to Türkiye. These principal sub-categories of the risks relating to Türkiye are set out in 
“Political Conditions,” “Economic Conditions” and “Turkish Regulatory and Other Matters” below.
POLITICAL CONDITIONS
The political circumstances in Türkiye have had (and will continue to have) a material influence on the Turkish 
economy, which in turn have resulted (and will continue to result) in material impacts on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. These conditions include (inter alia) domestic political events,

--- Page 19 ---
19
Türkiye’s relationship with other nations, internal and regional conflicts and the regulatory framework. The 
political conditions that the Group’s management has identified as having a material impact on the Issuer, 
including on its ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, are set out in this section.
Political Developments – Political developments in Türkiye may negatively affect the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations
Negative changes in Türkiye’s government and political environment, including the failure of the Turkish 
government to devise or implement appropriate economic programmes, may adversely affect the stability of 
the Turkish economy and, in turn, the Group’s business, financial condition or results of operations and 
prospects. Unstable coalition governments have been common and in the more than 90 years since its formation 
Türkiye has had numerous short-lived governments, with political disagreements frequently resulting in early 
elections. Furthermore, although its role has diminished in recent years, the Turkish military establishment has 
historically played a significant role in Turkish government and politics, intervening in the political process in 
1960, 1971, 1980 and most recently in July 2016. 
In recent years, Turkish politics have been particularly volatile. On 15 July 2016, the Turkish government was 
subject to an attempted coup by a group within the Turkish army. The Turkish government and the Turkish 
security forces (including the Turkish army) took control of the situation and the Turkish government remained 
in control. As a result of this attempted coup, the Turkish government imposed a nationwide state of emergency, 
which lasted until July 2018.
Following the coup attempt, on 16 April 2017, a majority of Turkish voters approved a referendum amending 
certain articles of the Turkish Constitution, including replacing the existing parliamentary system of 
government with an executive presidency. 
On 9 July 2018, President Erdoğan announced the new cabinet, including non-AKP members and Mr. Berat 
Albayrak as the new Treasury and Finance Minister. On 10 July 2018, President Erdoğan issued a decree: (a) 
empowering the President to appoint: (i) the governor of the CBRT, whereas previously the Council of Ministers 
had the authority to appoint the governor of the CBRT in the parliamentary system, and (ii) the deputy governors 
of the CBRT, while this appointment was previously made by the Council of Ministers among the candidates 
suggested by the governor of the CBRT, (b) removing the previous requisite condition for deputy governors of 
the CBRT to have at least 10 years of professional experience and (c) shortening the office term of the governor 
and the deputy governors of the CBRT to four years from five years.
On 6 July 2019, Murat Çetinkaya, the governor of the CBRT, was removed a year before his four-year term was 
scheduled to end. He was replaced by his former deputy, Murat Uysal, who was then replaced by Naci Ağbal 
on 7 November 2020. After Berat Albayrak resigned from his position as Treasury and Finance Minister, Lütfi 
Elvan was appointed by a presidential decision on 10 November 2020. On 20 March 2021, Mr. Naci Ağbal was 
dismissed by President Erdoğan, and replaced with Mr. Sahap Kavcıoğlu, a former Justice and Development 
Party MP. On 13 October 2021, three of the high-ranking officials of the CBRT’s monetary policy committee 
were replaced by new officials and, on 2 December 2021, Mr. Lütfi Elvan resigned as Minister of Treasury and 
Finance and was replaced by Mr. Nureddin Nebati. 
In the most recent presidential election, which consisted of a first round held on 14 May 2023 and a second 
round held on 28 May 2023, President Erdoğan was re-elected in the presidential election with approximately 
52.18 per cent. of the vote, while in the parliamentary elections, the People’s Alliance (an electoral alliance 
between the Justice and Development Party (Adalet ve Kalkınma Partisi Adalet ve Kalkınma Partisi, the 
“AKP”), the Nationalist Movement Party (the “MHP”) and the New Welfare Party (the “YRP”)) secured a 
majority with 323 seats out of 600 (with the AKP winning 268 seats, MHP winning 50 seats and YRP winning 
5 seats). The next Turkish general election is scheduled to take place in May 2028, although a snap election 
could be called earlier.

--- Page 20 ---
20
After the general and presidential elections of 2023, Mehmet Simsek and Hafize Gaye Erkan were appointed 
as the new Ministry of Treasury and Finance and CBRT governor, respectively. Following these appointments, 
the CBRT raised monetary policy interest rates sharply and implemented some macro-prudential measures to 
restore market confidence. However, Mrs. Erkan was replaced with Deputy Governor Fatih Karahan on 3 
February 2024. As such, uncertainty in relation to the independence of the CBRT and the Ministry of Treasury 
and Finance continues and failure to implement effective monetary and fiscal policies may adversely affect the 
Turkish economy.
As illustrated by these events, significant uncertainty remains regarding the economic agenda of the 
government, the independence of the CBRT, and whether reform plans will be accomplished, all of which could 
significantly impact investors’ perceptions of Türkiye and its future growth.
For further information, see “Turkish Economy – The Turkish economy is subject to macro-economic risks” 
and “Inflation – Türkiye’s economy has been subject to significant inflationary pressures in the past and may 
become subject to significant inflationary pressures in the future”.
Political developments have in the past had a negative effect on investors’ perceptions of Türkiye and on the 
strength of the Turkish economy and have resulted in downgrades by the ratings agencies. Since 2016, Moody’s 
has downgraded Türkiye from Baa3 (negative outlook) to B3 (stable outlook) and Fitch Ratings (“Fitch”) has 
downgraded Türkiye from BBB- (stable outlook) to B (negative outlook). During the same period, Standard & 
Poor’s Global Ratings’s (“S&P”) unsolicited rating for Türkiye declined from BB+ (stable outlook) to B (stable 
outlook). Although these ratings have since improved to B3 (positive outlook) by Moody’s, B+ (positive 
outlook) by Fitch and B (positive outlook) for S&P, the ratings agencies could take further rating action against 
the Turkish sovereign credit rating if new political developments emerge that further contribute to political 
instability in Türkiye, which could have a material adverse impact on the value of the Notes. In addition, the 
events surrounding any future political developments could contribute to the volatility of Turkish financial 
markets or have an adverse effect on investors’ perception of Türkiye, including Türkiye’s ability to adopt 
macroeconomic reforms, support economic growth and manage domestic social conditions, which could in turn 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Terrorism and Conflicts - Türkiye is subject to internal and external unrest and the threat of future 
terrorist acts
Türkiye is in a region that has been subject to ongoing political and security concerns. Political uncertainty 
within Türkiye and in certain neighbouring countries, such as Iran, Iraq, Armenia and Syria, has historically 
been one of the potential risks associated with an investment in Turkish securities. Regional instability has also 
resulted in an influx of displaced persons into Türkiye, and thus the displaced person population has increased 
and is expected to increase further. In recent years, political instability has at times increased markedly in several 
countries in the Middle East, North Africa and Eastern Europe. Unrest in those countries may have political 
implications in Türkiye or otherwise have a negative impact on the Turkish economy, including through both 
financial markets and the real economy.
The ongoing conflict in Syria has been the subject of significant international attention and its impact and 
resolution are difficult to predict. Given Türkiye’s proximity to the conflict zone, Türkiye continues to deploy 
troops near the Syrian border, and conducted several military operations in Syria in 2019 and 2020. Although 
the Government maintained that the 2019 offensive was undertaken in full compliance with international law, 
EU countries signed an agreement to limit arms exports to Türkiye on 14 October 2019. On the same day, the 
U.S. announced sanctions on Türkiye’s Ministry of National Defence, the Ministry of Energy and Natural 
Resources and three senior government officials (Minister of National Defence Hulusi Akar, Minister of Energy 
and Natural Resources Fatih Dönmez and Interior Minister Süleyman Soylu).

--- Page 21 ---
21
While Türkiye has entered into separate agreements with the United States and Russia that aim to achieve multi-
party agreement on a “safe-zone” in northern Syria in an effort to enhance Türkiye’s border security, the parties 
may disagree about the implementation of these agreements or the parties’ adherence to their terms, which may 
lead to further tensions or other actions that negatively impact Türkiye or its economy or may have political 
repercussions within Türkiye or on its relationship with the United States, Russia, Syria, Iran or other countries.
Türkiye has also experienced problems with domestic terrorist and ethnic separatist groups as well as other 
political unrest within its territory. In particular, Türkiye has been in conflict for many years with the People’s 
Congress of Kurdistan, formerly known as the PKK (an organisation that is listed as a terrorist organisation by 
various states and organisations including Türkiye, the EU and the United States). 
Türkiye has from time to time been the subject of terrorist attacks, including bombings in recent years in its 
tourist and commercial centres in İstanbul, Ankara and various coastal towns and (especially in the southeast 
of Türkiye) attacks against its armed forces. Such circumstances have had and could continue to have a material 
adverse effect on the Turkish economy or the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Geo-political Relationships – The Turkish economy is subject to geo-political risks
Türkiye has experienced increasingly turbulent relations with the U.S., Russia, Iran and members of the EU in 
recent years, which affected macro-economic stability of the Turkish economy as well as the Turkish lira 
exchange rate. 
Russia and the war in Ukraine
Heightened tensions between Türkiye and Russia over Syria or events in Ukraine could materially negatively 
affect the Turkish economy, including through any negative impact on Türkiye’s tourism revenues or its access 
to Russian energy supplies. Russia has become Türkiye’s second largest trading partner and the largest supplier 
of natural gas to Türkiye. Any further disruption to the relationship with Russia might have a material adverse 
effect on the Turkish economy. In October 2020, conflict broke out between Armenia and Azerbaijan over the 
disputed territory of Nagorno-Karabakh. Türkiye has supported the efforts by Azerbaijan, which again puts it 
in conflict with Russian interests.
Most recently, Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022 has triggered significant geopolitical tension. 
As a result, the United States, the United Kingdom, the EU and other jurisdictions have imposed significant 
and broad economic and other sanctions upon Russia, parts of Russian-controlled Ukraine and various 
designated entities and individuals, including those that have contributed military and other supplies to Ukraine. 
Among other things, the sanctions include restrictions on the import of Russian oil and transactions with the 
Central Bank of Russia and sanctions on a number of Russian banks. Certain countries have frozen the assets 
of the Russian central bank and the United States barred U.S. agents and other financial intermediaries from 
processing Russian debt payments, making it harder for Russia to repay its international debts. Furthermore, 
some Russian banks were removed from the international financial messaging system, SWIFT, and many 
international companies have suspended or limited their businesses in Russia. This has already had, and likely 
will continue to have, a material impact on (a) global economic and market conditions, including increasing 
inflation (particularly for food, energy and shipping costs), contributing to volatility in interest and exchange 
rates and exacerbating already difficult global supply chain challenges (including through limitations on imports 
to and exports from Russia), and (b) geopolitical relationships and militarisation. 
According to the International Monetary Fund’s April 2023 World Economic Outlook report, the war on 
Ukraine and sanctions on Russia are expected to continue to slow global economic growth, with projections for 
global growth estimated to slow from 3.5 per cent. in 2022, to 3.0 per cent. in 2023 and 2.9 per cent. in 2024. 
The report also predicts that, as the war in Ukraine and related geopolitical tensions continue, commodity 
markets may continue to fracture, which could further affect prices and general economic activity. It is also

--- Page 22 ---
22
possible that the war could lead to further military conflicts, particularly involving Eastern Europe, and 
extension or escalations in the conflict could lead to additional sanctions being imposed on Russia, thereby 
leading to more economic disruption. 
While, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Turkish government has indicated that it seeks to maintain 
functioning relationships with all parties, there can be no certainty as to how events might develop and their 
impact on Türkiye. In addition, Türkiye’s policy stance may increase its tension with other North Atlantic Treaty 
Organisation (“NATO”) members, including the U.S.
While Türkiye may be able shift its imports and exports to other regions, there can be no assurance that it will 
be able to do so, and exports to, and imports from Russia and Ukraine as a result of the war in Ukraine may 
have a significant effect on the Turkish economy, including on its balance of payments and inflation. In addition, 
as Türkiye is a net energy importer, higher global oil and natural gas prices might result in higher energy costs 
for consumers and companies. For example, in March 2022, Brent crude oil prices increased to the highest level 
since 2008, and prices might increase further as a result of the conflict in Ukraine and related sanctions, 
particularly if Russian energy supplies are subjected to additional sanctions. These increases in the current 
account deficit, particularly when combined with monetary tightening in developed economies, may contribute 
to further depreciation pressure on the Turkish Lira, which could result in further increased inflation in Türkiye.
United States and NATO
With respect to the United States and NATO, various past events have impacted the relationship. For example:

In August 2018, the United States imposed personal sanctions on two Turkish ministers, indicating that 
these Ministers played leading roles in the organisations responsible for the arrest and detention of 
American pastor Andrew Brunson. These U.S. sanctions were removed following the release of Mr. 
Brunson on 12 October 2018.

In December 2017, Türkiye entered into an agreement with Russia for the purchase of S-400 missile 
defence systems independent of NATO, prompting the U.S. to threaten possible sanctions against 
Türkiye unless Türkiye cancelled the purchase. In July 2019, Türkiye accepted the first shipment of the 
S-400 missile defence system and as a result, the U.S. suspended Türkiye’s subcontracting work on the 
F-35 fighter programme. In December 2020, the U.S. also imposed sanctions pursuant to Section 231 of 
the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (“CAATSA”) on Türkiye’s Presidency of 
Defense Industries (“SSB”) for procuring the S-400 system from JSC Rosoboronexport, Russia’s main 
arms export entity. These sanctions include a ban on all U.S. export licences and authorisations to SSB. 
At the same time, the U.S. imposed full asset blocking sanctions and visa restrictions on SSB’s president 
and three other SSB officers. Discussions between the U.S. and Türkiye pertaining to the sale to Türkiye 
of F-16 fighter jets continue, and it remains unclear how they will be resolved, including given the 
context of Russia’s war against Ukraine. In the week of 2 November 2018, certain U.S. sanctions on 
Iranian financial and energy sectors and on certain other imports from Iran, were re-imposed. 
Nevertheless, the United States granted Türkiye a partial exemption allowing it to import limited 
amounts of oil from Iran for six months. The United States government did not renew this exemption 
after the end of the allotted six-month period. As a result, Türkiye stopped purchasing Iranian oil as of 
July 2019. It remains uncertain whether Türkiye will be able to continue to comply with such U.S. 
sanctions against Iran. 

In response to the operations in northern Syria, the U.S. House of Representatives on 29 October 2019 
passed a bill by a majority of 403 votes to 16, envisaging the imposition of potential sanctions on 
Türkiye, including on a Turkish state-controlled bank, Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş., as well as any foreign 
financial institution that the U.S. State Department determines has knowingly enabled significant 
transactions on behalf of the Turkish Armed Forces or Türkiye’s defence industry concerning military

--- Page 23 ---
23
operations by the Turkish Air Force in northern Syria. Halkbank is also subject to ongoing federal 
litigation in the U.S. involving allegations of Halkbank’s participation in Iranian oil sales. Halkbank has 
petitioned to the U.S. Supreme Court to hear its appeal and certiorari has been granted on 3 October 
2022. The effects of the final outcome of the judicial process remain unknown, including any sanctions, 
fines or penalties imposed by OFAC or any other U.S. regulatory body on Halkbank or any other Turkish 
bank or person concerning these issues.

After Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, Finland and Sweden applied to join NATO. Their 
application was vetoed by Türkiye, pending resolution of bilateral political issues between Türkiye and 
these countries. On 31 March 2023 and 23 January 2024, Türkiye approved Finland’s and Sweden’s 
(respectively) application to join NATO after ongoing negotiations between Türkiye and the two 
countries. While Türkiye approved both Finland’s and Sweden’s NATO bid, any future bilateral political 
issues could exacerbate Türkiye’s tensions with other NATO members. Geopolitical tensions with the 
U.S. and NATO, if they are not resolved, as well as Türkiye’s continued trading relationships with Iran 
and Russia amid heightening tensions between these countries on the one hand and NATO on the other 
hand, could contribute to a worsening of Türkiye’s economic relationship with the U.S. and Europe as 
well as risk the imposition of additional sanctions against Türkiye. Any such sanctions could have a 
material adverse effect on the Turkish economy and the market price of the Notes, and could potentially 
impair the ability of some investors to hold or transfer the Notes or receive payments made into and 
processed through the clearing systems. Political instability in Türkiye (whether perceived or actual), 
increasing political and diplomatic tensions with the U.S. or other countries, and other political 
conditions could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations.
European Union
Türkiye has had a long-term relationship with the EU since it signed an association agreement with the EU in 
1963 and a supplementary agreement, which provided for a transitional second stage of Türkiye’s integration 
into the EU, in 1970. On 17 December 2004, the EU commenced accession negotiations with Türkiye and 
affirmed that Türkiye’s candidacy to join the EU would be judged by the same 28 criteria (or “Chapters”) 
applied to other candidates whereby Türkiye would be required to implement a range of political, legislative 
and economic reforms. Despite Türkiye’s implementation of various of these reforms, the relationship between 
Türkiye and the EU has become strained. Since 2016, accession negotiations have stalled. On February 2019, 
a European parliament committee voted to suspend the accession talks. Türkiye's accession negotiations have 
therefore effectively come to a standstill. On 15 July 2019, the EU adopted certain measures against Türkiye, 
including a reduction of certain funding (including loans from the European Investment Bank), a suspension of 
high-level communication and a suspension of the negotiation for a comprehensive air transport agreement due 
to Türkiye’s involvement in the drilling for gas in waters off the coast of Cyprus. On 11 November 2019, the 
EU adopted a framework for imposing sanctions on individuals or entities responsible for, or involved in, these 
drilling activities. In February 2020, the EU instituted sanctions against two executives of the Turkish drilling 
company (by Council Decision of 8 November 2022, the EU extended these sanctions until 12 November 2023). 
In July 2020, Türkiye deployed a vessel to the Eastern Mediterranean which led to further disputes over oil and 
gas exploration in the waters off the coast of Cyprus. As a result, certain members of the EU, including Greece 
and Cyprus, have encouraged the EU to impose sanctions against Türkiye. Although tensions over energy 
resources have intensified and have broadened to involve other Mediterranean countries due to the recent 
drilling activities by neighbouring countries, as of September 2020, Türkiye and Greece have been keen to 
resume exploratory talks to address the issue of economic rights over gas reserves in the Eastern Mediterranean. 
In December 2020, the EU decided to impose sanctions on Türkiye over its drilling activities and general foreign 
policy. In January 2021, Greece and Türkiye resumed their talks on maritime and other concerns, ending a five-
year pause. However, in May 2022, Türkiye communicated that it was halting talks with Greece, especially in

--- Page 24 ---
24
view of new disputes with Greece. On 2 October 2022, the Greek foreign minister said Greece was open to 
resume talks with Türkiye under certain conditions.
In October 2020, tensions increased between Türkiye and France due to differing interests in the conflict in 
Libya, which led to Türkiye boycotting French goods and France withdrawing its ambassador from Türkiye. 
Following these actions, France and Greece asked the EU to consider suspending the bloc’s customs agreement 
with Türkiye. EU member states have, to date, maintained a mediatory position between Türkiye and France, 
though there can be no guarantee as to what the resolution to the dispute will be. 
In addition, Türkiye entered into an agreement with the EU in March 2016 in an attempt to establish control 
over the irregular transit of refugees from Türkiye to the EU, many of whom came from Syria. This agreement 
has not yet been fully implemented and Turkish officials have stated that they believe the EU has not yet fulfilled 
its undertakings under the agreement. Following the European Council of 24-25 June 2021, which asked for 
the continuation EU support to refugees and host communities in Türkiye for 2021-2023, the European 
Commission proposed in July 2021 an additional 3 billion euros as part of a wider 5.7 billion euros package to 
support refugees in the region. An initial 860 million euros of this additional envelope was already adopted in 
2021, with the remainder to be committed in 2023.
Türkiye is among the countries that have taken a significant number of Syrian refugees, which had a large social 
and economic impact on the country and its relationship with the EU. In addition, the withdrawal of US and 
NATO forces from Afghanistan in 2021 has exacerbated the flow of refugees from Afghanistan to Türkiye. 
Potential social and economic implications of the recent Afghan conflict and influx of Afghan, Syrian or other 
refugees into Türkiye may impact Türkiye’s economy or its relationship with the EU. 
Any decision by the EU to finally end Türkiye’s EU accession bid or to impose additional sanctions on Türkiye, 
Turkish individuals or Turkish entities may further strain or result in (or contribute to) a further deterioration in 
the relationship between Türkiye and the EU or certain of its member states. There can be no assurance that the 
EU or Türkiye will resume an open approach to Türkiye’s EU membership and, if so, that Türkiye will be able 
to meet the criteria required to become an EU member state which could adversely affect the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The above-mentioned events and other political circumstances may: (a) result in the volatility of Turkish 
financial markets, have an adverse effect on investors’ perception of Türkiye or have an adverse effect on 
Türkiye’s ability to support economic growth and manage domestic social conditions, (b) result in (or contribute 
to) a deterioration of the relationship between Türkiye and the EU, certain members of the EU, the United 
States, Russia or other countries or (c) have an adverse impact on the Turkish economy or Turkish institutions, 
any of which in turn may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations or on the market price of an investment in the Notes. 
ECONOMIC CONDITIONS
Turkish Economy – The Turkish economy is subject to macro-economic risks
In the recent past, the Turkish economy has from time-to-time experienced severe macro-economic imbalances, 
including significant current account deficits and a considerable level of unemployment. In addition, the Turkish 
economy remains vulnerable to both external and internal shocks, including changes in the economic policies 
of the U.S., the EU and other major economies, volatility in oil prices, changing investor sentiment, outbreaks 
of disease (e.g., SARS and COVID-19) and natural events such as earthquakes. In recent years, Turkish 
economic policy has undergone several changes in direction. Seeking to improve economic growth, in October 
2020, Türkiye announced its three-year medium-term economic programme for the years 2021 to 2023, setting 
growth targets of 0.3 per cent., 5.8 per cent., 5 per cent. and 5 per cent. for each of 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023, 
respectively, and inflation rates of 10.5 per cent., 8 per cent. and 6 per cent. and 4.9 per cent. for 2020, 2021,

--- Page 25 ---
25
2022 and 2023, respectively. Furthermore, in March 2021, Minister of Treasury and Finance, Mr. Lütfi Elvan, 
announced new economic reforms for Türkiye. However, on 2 December 2021, during a period of depreciation 
of the Turkish Lira, Mr. Elvan resigned as Minister of Treasury and Finance and was replaced by Mr. Nureddin 
Nebati. In September 2021, a new programme was announced where the government forecasted GDP growth 
of 9 per cent. in 2021, 5 per cent. in 2022 and 5.5 per cent. for both 2023 and 2024. Consumer inflation was 
anticipated to remain above the inflation target of 5 per cent. through the programme period. On 4 September 
2022, the Turkish government announced its newest medium-term programme (“MTP”) for 2023 to 2025, and 
pursuant to this programme the government forecasted GDP growth to be 5 per cent. for 2023, and 5.5 per cent. 
for both 2024 and 2025. At the end of the programme, the annual consumer inflation increase rate is targeted to 
reach 9.9 per cent. The government also released the MTP for the 2024-2026 period, which includes an annual 
consumer inflation increase rate forecast of 8.5 per cent. for 2026 and a 4.5 per cent. three-year average GDP 
growth target. Inflation, however, has been considerably higher than targeted. See “Türkiye’s economy is subject 
to significant inflationary pressures” below). There is no guarantee, however, that the government will be able 
to successfully implement its current and proposed economic and fiscal policies, and should Türkiye’s economy 
continue to experience macroeconomic imbalances, it could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations.
Future policies by the CBRT and the BRSA are subject to a number of uncertainties, and the Turkish economy, 
inflation rates and foreign exchange rates may continue to experience difficult and volatile conditions in the 
future. The impact of these circumstances, including changes in the exchange rates of the Turkish Lira, could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group, including through borrower defaults, increased NPLs, reduced loan 
volumes and reduced earnings, the revaluation of assets and liabilities (including increases in the Turkish Lira-
equivalent value of the Group’s obligations in other currencies), a decline in capital and/or rapid changes in the 
economic and legal environment.
Furthermore, the Turkish economy is vulnerable to external shocks, such as the monetary policy tightening of 
the U.S. Federal Reserve, the Bank of Japan and/or the ECB, which in 2022 have resulted in significant outflows 
of investor funds from the emerging markets and due to rising interest rates and widening credit spreads. 
Continued increases in market interest rates, particularly if they are more accelerated than expected, may have 
an adverse impact on Türkiye, including on Türkiye’s external financing needs, and may reduce the availability 
of and/or increase the cost of funding to the Turkish banking sector.
The disruptions in the global banking sector in March 2023, including the announcement of the acquisition of 
Credit Suisse by UBS (and the losses incurred by Credit Suisse investors) and the failure of Silicon Valley Bank 
and Signature Bank in the U.S., have highlighted the risks in the banking sector and there can be no assurance 
that the sector will not be subject to further strain, particularly given that (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) 
inflation rates remain high and economic activity remains muted. A banking sector crisis may have materially 
adverse impacts on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.
As a result of these factors, Türkiye may experience a further significant economic crisis in the future, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.
Inflation – Türkiye’s economy is subject to significant inflationary pressures
Inflation in Türkiye has increased to high levels in recent years, with the most significant increases occurring 
in 2022 and 2023. Average annual change in CPI was 53.9 per cent., 72.3 per cent. and 19.6 per cent. in 2023, 
2022 and 2021, respectively. The corresponding PPI figures was 49.9 per cent., 128.5 per cent. and 43.9 per 
cent. in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of 31 December 2023, annual increase of CPI was 64.8 per cent., 
primarily driven by pass-through effects from the depreciation of the Turkish Lira, as well as rising food and 
durable goods prices. In response to high inflation and the depreciating Turkish Lira, the CBRT implemented a 
number of stabilising measures and adopted a tighter monetary policy, increasing its main policy rate to 45.0

--- Page 26 ---
26
per cent. on 25 January 2024. On 8 February 2024, the CBRT released the first Inflation Report of 2024 which 
stated that inflation is projected to be 36.0 per cent. at the end of 2024 and expected to fall to 14.0 per cent. by 
the end of 2025 and 9.0 per cent. by the end of 2026. The decreasing inflation path implied by the forecasts 
assumes that commodity prices will gradually converge to their historical averages due to slowing global 
demand amid tight financial conditions, and therefore foreign currency denominated import prices will decline.
The CBRT’s policies are subject to further change and revision at any time and there can be no assurance that 
these measures will not result in further volatility. If the recent high level of inflation in Türkiye were to persist 
or increase further, this could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations.
High Current Account Deficit – Türkiye’s high current account deficit may result in governmental 
efforts to decrease economic activity
In recent years, Türkiye has had a significant current account deficit, which could leave its economy susceptible 
to declines in capital inflows and vulnerable to macroeconomic shocks. Moreover, Turkish policymakers may 
also take measures to limit the current account deficit, which could have a negative impact on the Turkish 
economy and therefore the Bank’s customers and business. 
On a 12-month basis, Türkiye’s yearly current account deficit was U.S.$49.1 billion in 2022 and U.S.$45.2 
billion in 2023. In addition to the decrease in the trade deficit, primarily due to more favourable energy prices, 
the increase in tourism and transportation services revenues slightly increased Türkiye’s current account balance 
in 2023. Although Türkiye’s growth dynamics depend to some extent upon domestic demand, Türkiye is also 
dependent on trade with Europe. A decline in the economic growth of any of Türkiye’s major trading partners, 
such as the EU, is likely to have an adverse impact on Türkiye’s balance of trade and adversely affect Türkiye’s 
economic growth. Türkiye has diversified its export markets in recent years, but the EU remains Türkiye’s 
largest export market. A decline in demand for imports into the EU could have a material adverse effect on 
Turkish exports and on Türkiye’s economic growth, resulting in an increase in Türkiye’s current account deficit. 
To a lesser extent, Türkiye also exports to markets in the Middle East. Continuing political turmoil in certain of 
those markets, economic challenges arising from depressed crude oil prices and decreased tourist numbers due 
to unrest, and wars and terrorism threats in the Middle East could lead to a decline in demand for imports, with 
a similar negative effect on Turkish economic growth and Türkiye’s current account deficit as described 
immediately above.
Türkiye is an energy-dependent country and recorded U.S.$69.1 billion of energy imports in 2023. In 2022, 
Türkiye recorded U.S.$95.6 billion of energy imports which increased from U.S.$50.7 billion of energy imports 
in 2021. Any geopolitical development impacting energy security could have a material impact on Türkiye’s 
current account balance, in particular, Türkiye’s reliance on Russian energy supplies and the current ongoing 
conflict between Russia and Ukraine. See “Geo-political Relationships – The Turkish economy is subject to 
geo-political risks – Russia.” Volatile oil and natural gas prices (including as a result of agreements among the 
members of the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and/or other oil-exporting nations to cut 
output or any geopolitical development concerning energy security and prices, such as the United States’ 
withdrawal from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action and re-imposing previously suspended secondary 
sanctions on Iran or the decision of the United States to impose sanctions on the Government of Venezuela), 
together with the Turkish Lira’s depreciation against the U.S. dollar (in which most of Türkiye’s energy imports 
are priced), may have a negative impact on Türkiye’s current account deficit.
If the current account deficit widens more than anticipated, financial stability in Türkiye may deteriorate. 
Financing the high current account deficit may be difficult in the event of a global liquidity crisis and/or 
declining interest or confidence of foreign investors in Türkiye, and a failure to reduce the current account 
deficit could have a negative impact on Türkiye’s sovereign credit ratings. Any such difficulties may lead the

--- Page 27 ---
27
Turkish government to seek to raise additional revenue to finance the current account deficit or to seek to 
stabilise the Turkish financial system, and any such measures may adversely affect the Bank’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations.
Emerging Market Risk – The Group is subject to risks associated with doing business in an emerging 
market
Despite Türkiye undergoing significant political and economic reform in recent years that increased stability 
and led to economic growth, Türkiye is still considered by international investors to be an emerging market. 
Emerging markets are subject to greater risks than more developed markets and financial turmoil in any 
emerging market (or global markets generally) could disproportionately disrupt business in other emerging 
markets as well as causing a decline in the price of an investment in the Notes.
Investors’ interest in Türkiye may be negatively affected by events in other emerging markets or the global 
economy in general. For example, developments or economic conditions in one or more other emerging 
market(s) have at times adversely affected the prices of securities from, and the availability of credit to, other 
emerging market countries as investors move their money to countries that are perceived to be more stable and 
economically developed. An increase in the perceived risks associated with investing in emerging economies 
could adversely affect the Turkish economy, and the Notes may be subject to fluctuations in price that may not 
necessarily be related to economic conditions in Türkiye or the financial performance of the Group. In addition, 
because international investors’ reactions to the events occurring in one emerging market country sometimes 
appear to demonstrate a “contagion” effect in which an entire region or class of investment is disfavoured by 
international investors, Türkiye could be adversely affected by negative economic or financial developments in 
other emerging market countries. While the impact of the global financial crisis that began in 2007-2008 on 
Türkiye was relatively limited, Türkiye has been adversely affected by such contagion effects on a number of 
occasions in the past, including following the financial crises in 1994 and 2000 to 2001. Similar developments 
can be expected to affect the Turkish economy in the future, which could, in turn, have an adverse impact on 
prices of investments in Turkish capital markets issuances such as the Notes.
Money Laundering Concerns may adversely affect investments in Türkiye
In November 2021, the Financial Action Task Force (“FATF”), the international anti-money laundering body 
tasked with developing policies to combat money laundering and terrorism financing, added Türkiye to its list 
of jurisdictions subject to increased monitoring (also known as the FATF “Gray List”). The FATF Gray List 
now includes 23 countries that FATF has determined to have “strategic deficiencies” in their anti-money 
laundering (“AML”) and counter-terrorism financing (“CFT”) laws and regulations compared to international 
best practices and the standards maintained by FATF. Although FATF report stated that Türkiye made a “high-
level political commitment” to work with FATF to strengthen the effectiveness of its AML/CFT laws and 
regulations and had made some progress in enhancing its AML/CFT laws and regulations since the completion 
of its mutual evaluation report with FATF in October 2019, there can be no assurance that Türkiye would be 
removed from the Gray List in the near future.
While inclusion on the Gray List does not have any direct legal prohibitions or legal effects on the ability of 
individuals and entities to engage in transactions in or with Gray List jurisdictions, many national AML/CFT 
regulators and international financial institutions view transactions in or involving Gray List jurisdictions as 
being higher risk and, as a result, in the case of financial institutions, may seek to reduce their exposure to Gray 
List jurisdictions due to AML/CFT concerns or subject transactions involving such jurisdictions to heightened 
due diligence. This may adversely affect the ability of Turkish entities, including the Group, to access 
international financing, and reduce the flow of foreign investments into Türkiye, any of which may in turn 
adversely affect the financial condition of Turkish corporate and financial sector borrowers and the economy 
as a whole.

--- Page 28 ---
28
Changes in Turkish tax laws may have an adverse impact on the taxes applicable to the Group
The Turkish Government may introduce tax changes that may affect the Group and its customers. These changes 
could include changes in prevailing tax rates and, occasionally, the introduction of temporary taxes to finance 
designated governmental projects. 
For instance, recently, amendments to the Corporate Income Tax Law (Law 5520) were introduced on 14 July 
2023 (entered into force on 15 July 2023) which provided that the corporate income tax rate in Türkiye for 
incomes generated in 2023 and following taxing years is: (a) 30 per cent. for banks, financial leasing, factoring 
and financing companies, e-money and payment services institutions, authorised foreign exchange currency-
related entities, asset management companies (varlık yönetim şirketleri), securities intermediaries and other 
capital markets institutions, insurance and reinsurance companies and pension companies and (b) 25 per cent. 
for other corporate entities.
Changes such as these may result in increases to the Group’s tax payments, which could adversely affect the 
Group’s profitability and increase the prices of the Group’s services and adversely affect its financial results. 
There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain the Group’s projected cash flow and profitability 
following increases in Turkish taxes applicable to the Group. 
Earthquakes, natural disasters and other catastrophic events could disrupt the Group’s operations 
and harm the Turkish economy
A significant portion of Türkiye’s population and most of its economic resources are located in a first-degree 
earthquake risk zone and Türkiye has experienced a large number of earthquakes in recent years, some quite 
significant in magnitude. Most recently, on 6 February 2023, two earthquakes with a magnitude of 7.7 and 7.6 
(respectively) on the Richter scale occurred in Kahramanmaraş, which caused catastrophic loss of life and 
destruction of numerous buildings. The Turkish Government declared a Level 4 state of emergency, which 
included a call for international assistance as well as the mobilization of all national forces. 
Major earthquakes and other natural disasters have effects due to the direct impact of such events on the Group 
and its employees, including adverse effects on the Bank’s employees, operational systems and property. 
Furthermore, the government could take measures (such as the imposition of taxes) that have a material adverse 
effect on the Bank’s profitability. Any of these events could materially adversely affect the Bank’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations.
The effects of climate change may impact the Group’s business and/or the business of the Group’s 
customers
The risks associated with climate change are coming under increasing focus internationally from governments, 
regulators and large sections of society. These risks include physical risks, arising from climate and weather-
related events of increasing severity and/or frequency, transition risks resulting from the process of adjustment 
towards a lower-carbon economy, and liability and compliance risks arising from experiencing litigation or 
reputational damage as a result of sustainability issues.
Physical climate risks may lead to damage of property or disruptions in supply chains which may negatively 
impact customers’ asset values and financial situation, which could in turn negatively impact the quality of the 
Group’s credit portfolio. The transition to a low-carbon economy, driven by policy, technological or market 
changes, and the necessity to mitigate physical risks, may itself have negative impact on the Group’s customers. 
Notably, customers in high-emission sectors risk demands for rapid changes which may lead to stranded assets 
and pressure on business models and earnings potential. 
How the Group and its customers assess and respond to these developments and challenges could increase the 
Group’s cost of business and/or lead to reputational damage.

--- Page 29 ---
29
TURKISH REGULATORY AND OTHER MATTERS 
While political and economic conditions in Türkiye tend to have the most significant impact on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations, various other Türkiye-related matters are also important. 
These matters, the most material of which is the Turkish regulatory environment, that the Issuer’s management 
has identified as having a material impact on the Issuer, and thus potentially on its ability to make payments 
due in respect of the Notes, are set out in this sub-category.
Banking Regulatory Matters – The activities of the Group are highly regulated and changes to 
applicable laws or regulations, the interpretation or enforcement of such laws or regulations or the 
failure to comply with such laws or regulations could have an adverse impact on the Group’s 
business
The Group is subject to a number of banking, competition, antitrust and other laws and regulations designed to 
maintain the safety and financial soundness of banks, ensure their compliance with economic and other 
obligations and limit their exposure to risk. See “Risks Related to the Group and its Business – Funding Risks 
– Access to Capital – The Group may not be able to meet minimum capital adequacy requirements and/or may 
have difficulty raising capital on acceptable terms, if at all” above and “Turkish Regulatory Environment – 
Capital Adequacy”.
The Turkish government (including the BRSA or the CBRT) has introduced (and may introduce in the future) 
new laws and regulations that increase reserves, increase provision requirements for loans, impose obligations 
to maintain Turkish Lira-denominated securities for their foreign currency deposit and participation funds, 
funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions, precious metal deposit accounts, securities issued 
by entities (other than financial institutions) held by such banks, and relevant Turkish Lira-denominated 
commercial cash loans and restrictions on Turkish Lira-denominated loan borrowings or otherwise negatively 
affect the Group’s business and/or profitability. The Group may not be able to pass on any increased costs 
associated with such regulatory changes to its customers, particularly given the high level of competition in the 
Turkish banking sector (see “Turkish Banking Sector – Competition”). Accordingly, the Group may not be able 
to sustain its level of profitability in light of these regulatory changes and the Group’s profitability may be 
materially adversely impacted.
Such measures could also limit or reduce growth of the Turkish economy and consequently the demand for the 
Group’s products and services or its growth plans. Because of certain of these changes, the Group may be 
required to increase its capital reserves and may need to access more expensive sources of financing (including 
equity) to meet its funding requirements. Furthermore, development and investment banks (such as the Bank) 
are exempt from banking and insurance transaction tax for investment loans, according to the Turkish 
Expenditure Taxes Law (Law No. 6802). Any regulatory change that abolishes such exemption could have an 
adverse effect on the Group’s loan volume, profitability and/or access to funds. The Communiqué on Procedures 
and Principles of Fees to be Collected by Banks from Commercial Customers (“Communiqué on Commercial 
Customer Fees”) published by the CBRT, most of the provisions of which became effective as of 1 April 2020, 
sets out standardised fees and caps that are to be charged to commercial customers depending upon the category 
of the applicable product and service. Turkish banks are required to apply to the CBRT to charge any fees or 
commissions to commercial customers other than those listed under the Communiqué on Commercial Customer 
Fees which may lead to a decrease in the Group’s fees and commissions received and have an effect on the 
profitability of the Group. 
Any failure by the Group to adopt adequate responses to these or future changes in the regulatory framework 
could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Finally, non-
compliance with regulatory requirements or laws could expose the Group to potential liabilities and fines or 
damage its reputation.

--- Page 30 ---
30
1
Risks Related to the Group and its Business
While Turkish political, economic, regulatory and other circumstances are the most material category of risks 
relating to the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations, matters specific to the Group also 
may have a material impact on the Issuer’s ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, particularly 
the Group’s exposure with respect to the loans and other credits that it extends to borrowers and other 
counterparties. Such risks that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on the Issuer 
are set out in this section. The principal sub-categories of the risks relating to the Group and its business are 
credit risks, market risks, funding risks, operational risks and other Group-related risks, each as set out in their 
corresponding section below.
CREDIT RISKS
Credit Risk – The Group is subject to credit risk in relation to its borrowers and other counterparties
The Group is principally involved in promoting the development of the Turkish economy by providing long-
term funds for the domestic and international investments of Turkish companies, primarily through foreign 
currency-denominated loans. As a result, the Group is subject to inherent risks concerning the credit quality of 
borrowers and other counterparties. These counterparties include (inter alios) borrowers of loans from the 
Group, issuers whose securities are held by the Group, trading and hedging counterparties and customers of 
letters of credit provided by the Group. The Group’s exposures to certain of these counterparties (particularly 
for loans for infrastructure and energy projects) are large. Any of these counterparties may default in their 
obligations to the Group due (inter alia) to the factors described in “Risks Related to Türkiye” and/or adverse 
changes in consumer spending, consumer confidence, unemployment levels, corporate restructurings, 
bankruptcy rates and/or market volatility, including due to local, national and/or global factors.
Changes in the credit quality of the Group’s customers and counterparties and systemic risks in the Turkish and 
global financial systems can negatively affect the value of the Group’s assets. As the volatility of the Turkish 
Lira may adversely impact the ability of the Group’s borrowers to repay their foreign currency-denominated 
loans, the Group’s credit risk is also impacted by adverse FX movements. Adverse developments in the Turkish 
economy could also result in increased unemployment, reduced corporate liquidity and profitability, increased 
corporate insolvencies and the inability of borrowers to service their debt, all of which negatively affect the 
Turkish banking sector, including the Group. The Group’s exposure to credit risk could lead to a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Although the Group has put in place policies and procedures to monitor and assess credit risk, taking into 
account indicators of the payment ability and cash generating ability of the borrower in extending credit, the 
Group may not correctly assess the creditworthiness of its credit applicants or other counterparties (or their 
financial conditions may change). These risks are exacerbated by the significant and rapid increase in the 
Group’s loan portfolio (including a significant portion of unseasoned loans) in previous years, which has 
increased the Group’s credit exposure and requires continued monitoring by the Group’s management of its 
lending policies, credit quality and adequacy of provisioning levels through the Group’s risk management 
structure. As the Bank does not offer certain services (such as cash management, credit cards and point-of-sale 
machines), the Group’s access to information regarding its borrowers and potential borrowers is limited 
compared to its commercial bank competitors, who are able to monitor the operating activities of their 
customers on a daily basis. As a result of such limited access, the Bank’s ability to establish a potential 
borrower’s creditworthiness may be impaired, which could result in material credit losses. 
The Group is aiming to continue to diversify its loan portfolio and expects to focus on infrastructure, the Turkish 
Renewable Energy Resources Support Mechanism for renewable energy resources, energy and resource 
efficiency investments, as well as loans to small and medium-sized enterprises (“SMEs”), including financing

--- Page 31 ---
31
to promote inclusiveness through healthcare, education services and the empowerment of women. Uncertainty 
regarding counterparties active in these sectors and the sectors themselves due to the Group’s lack of expertise 
in these sectors (as compared to the Group’s expertise in the energy sector) could result in the Group’s lending 
to counterparties that are not creditworthy. See “Risk Management – Credit Risk”.
The ratio of non-performing loans (“NPLs”) to total cash loans in the Turkish banking sector was 3.0 per cent. 
and 2.1 per cent. as of 31 December 2021 and 2022, respectively (as compared to the Group’s ratio of NPLs to 
total cash loans of 3.2 per cent., and 2.9 per cent. respectively), with the Turkish banking sector’s statistics 
being as reported in the BRSA’s monthly statistical bulletin. As of 31 December 2023, the ratio of NPLs to total 
cash loans in the Turkish banking sector was 1.6 per cent. (as compared to the Group’s ratio of NPLs to total 
cash loans of 3.0 per cent.). As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s total NPLs were TL 3,939 million. The 
Group’s management expects the NPL ratio to be below 3.0 per cent. at the end of 2024.
As a result of March 2020 decisions by the BRSA relating to the Turkish government’s response to the COVID-
19 pandemic, the length of the period of non-payment before a loan or other receivable is considered to be non-
performing was temporarily extended from 90 days to 180 days through 31 December 2020, and then further 
extended initially through 30 June 2021 and then through 30 September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the 
BRSA announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of this temporary rule on 30 September 2021, it would 
still apply to (a) loans that were overdue for more than 31 days but less than 91 days on 1 October 2021, and 
(b) loans that were overdue for more than 91 days but less than 181 days on 1 October 2021, which is likely to 
result in some loans and other receivables with an overdue amount between 31 and 91 and 91 and 181 days to 
remain classified as performing during this period when they may have been classified as NPLs absent these 
temporary actions. For this reason, the NPL ratios for the periods presented may be less directly comparable.
For information on the Group’s non-performing loans, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations”.
Loan Concentrations – A significant percentage of the Group’s loan portfolio consists of project 
finance loans and energy loans
While in recent years the volume of smaller loans in the Group’s loan portfolio has been increasing, significant 
concentrations still exist. As of 31 December 2023, 56.0 per cent. of the Group’s loan portfolio consisted of 
project finance loans (58 per cent. and 72 per cent. respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and 2022). As of 31 
December 2023, 36.0 per cent. of the Group’s loans were attributable to energy production (e.g., renewable 
energy projects such as hydro, wind, geothermal, biomass and solar power plant projects (see “Business of the 
Group – Overview – Diversified Loan Portfolio”)) and 5.0 per cent. of the Group’s loans were attributable to 
electricity/gas distribution sector. 
Energy-related projects therefore represent the largest sector in the Group’s loan portfolio with 91 per cent. of 
loans for the energy production sector consisting of renewable energy projects. Although 88 per cent. of the 
Group’s renewable energy portfolio (in terms of credit risk) is supported by the Turkish government’s feed-in 
tariff mechanism, which is set in U.S. dollars, for electricity generated using renewable energy resources 
(“YEKDEM”), the Group remains significantly exposed to the overall performance of the energy sector. In 
January 2021, the Turkish Presidency published a decree (Decree No. 3453) which introduced a feed-in tariff 
scheme that will apply to renewable power plants becoming operational between 1 July 2021 and 31 December 
2025 (inclusive). Accordingly, the new YEKDEM scheme shifted the currency of previously U.S. dollar 
denominated feed-in tariff and domestic components incentive premia payments to Turkish Lira, whilst 
providing an inflation-based price escalation mechanism and still capping the price based on U.S. dollars. In 
Turkish Lira-based YEKDEM, prices for each resource have been updated every year in January, April, July 
and October. Each update will depend on domestic PPI (26 per cent.), CPI (26 per cent.), USD (24 per cent.) 
and EURO (24 per cent.) rates. However, the Presidential Decree No. 7189 has been published on 1 May 2023,

--- Page 32 ---
32
to be effective on the same date, abolishing Decree No. 3453 and updating the feed-in tariff. Accordingly, 
concepts of YEK Support Mechanism Base Price (YEKDEM Base) and YEK Support Mechanism Ceiling Price 
(YEKDEM Ceiling) have been introduced. Facilities that enter into operation between 1 July 2021 and 31 
December 2030 shall be subject to such updated feed-in tariff. The feed-in tariff will be updated monthly within 
the specified range between YEKDEM Base and YEKDEM Ceiling, indexed to U.S. dollars.
Any material changes in the economic condition of any of these customers or sectors, including declining 
production volumes in the energy sector, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations.
In addition to these sectoral concentrations, the share of the Bank’s receivables from the top 10 borrower groups 
in the Bank’s overall cash loan portfolio was 26.6 per cent. as of 31 December 2023 (27.3 per cent. and 20.8 
per cent., respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and 2022) while the top 20 constituted 43.8 per cent. of the 
Bank’s loan portfolio as of the same date (44.8 per cent. and 33.6 per cent., respectively, as of 31 December 
2021 and 2022). 
A material change in the economic conditions of any of these customers or sectors could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Government Default – The Group has a significant portion of its assets invested in Turkish government 
debt, making it highly dependent upon the continued credit quality of, and payment of its debts by, the 
Turkish government
The Group has a significant exposure to Turkish governmental entities, which it is not required to account for 
in its reserves. As of 31 December 2023, 95.4 per cent. of the Group’s total securities portfolio (equal to 15.3 
per cent. of its total assets) was invested in securities issued by the Turkish government (96.2 per cent. and 20.0 
per cent., respectively, as of 31 December 2022 and 93.2 per cent. and 14.3 per cent., respectively, as of 31 
December 2021).
In addition to any direct losses that the Group may incur, the value of government debt portfolio is also 
influenced by credit agency actions. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the credit ratings of Türkiye and the 
Turkish banking sector are the result of a series of downgrades and negative actions taken by the credit agencies 
in 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022, which have lowered Türkiye’s sovereign rating to B by S&P and B3 by Moody’s, 
both with a stable outlook, and B+ by Fitch, with a positive outlook. Similar rating actions have also negatively 
affected the ratings of Turkish banks, including the Bank since 2018. Credit agencies have generally cited 
concerns over inflation and a widening current account deficit, the volatility of the Turkish Lira exchange rate 
and/or the deteriorating operating environment for Turkish banks, with negative implications for their funding 
profiles, as well as concerns over the independence of the CBRT.
Although Türkiye has never defaulted on its sovereign debt, a future default, or the perception of increased risk 
of a potential default, by Turkish governmental entities in making payments on their debt, or a further 
downgrade in Türkiye’s credit rating would likely have a significant negative impact on the value of the 
government debt held by the Group and the Turkish banking system generally and may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Insufficient Collateral – The value of collateral securing the Group’s loans and advances may not 
be sufficient
The Group may have difficulty relying on collateral or enforcing guarantees or other third-party credit support 
arrangements when its debtors default. In addition, the time and costs associated with enforcing security may 
make it uneconomical for the Group to pursue such proceedings, adversely affecting the Group’s ability to 
recover its loan losses, although a significant portion of the Group’s loans are collateralised.

--- Page 33 ---
33
Deterioration in economic conditions in Türkiye or a decline in the value of certain markets may reduce the 
value of collateral securing the Group’s loans and advances, increasing the risk that the Group would not be 
able to recover the full amount of any such loans and advances in a default. In accordance with the Group’s 
credit policies, if any collateral shortfall is identified during credit reviews, borrowers are required to provide 
additional collateral sufficient to cover any shortfall; however, there can be no assurance such borrowers will 
be willing or able to post additional collateral. If the Group seeks to realise on any such collateral, it may be 
difficult to find a buyer and/or the collateral may be sold for significantly less than its appraised or actual value.
The Group’s typical collateral for project finance loans includes share pledges, mortgages over immovable 
assets, commercial enterprise pledges, pledges over bank accounts, project completion guarantees and 
assignment of receivables. The Group also undertakes certain types of lending without tangible collateral, 
relying only upon guarantees, which may not be sufficient to cover the outstanding amount following a default. 
As a result of the above, the Group may not be able to realise adequate proceeds from collateral disposals to 
cover loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations.
Insufficient Control – The Bank is controlled by İşbank, whose interests may not be aligned with 
the interests of the investors in the Notes
As of 31 December 2023, Türkiye İş Bankası A.Ș. (“İşbank” and, together with its subsidiaries, “İşbank 
Group”) directly and indirectly held a 51.37 per cent. interest in the Bank’s common shares. As a result, İşbank 
has the voting power to influence the Bank’s strategy and business significantly, including through its power to 
elect a majority of the Bank’s Board of Directors and to determine the outcome of almost all matters to be 
decided by a vote of the Bank’s shareholders. The interests of İşbank may differ from those of the investors in 
the Notes and İşbank may cause the Bank to take or refrain from taking certain actions (e.g., declaring dividends 
or entering into corporate transactions) that may adversely affect the Noteholders’ investment in the Notes. See 
“Ownership”. 
If İşbank were to sell (and/or cause any of its subsidiaries to sell) some or all of its shares in the Bank (whether 
in a secondary offering or a block sale to a strategic buyer), then the Bank may become controlled by a new 
party with different interests than İşbank. As the Conditions do not include an Event of Default or put option 
relating to a change in control of the Bank, investors in the Notes will not be entitled to have their Notes repaid 
as a result of any such change in control. 
MARKET RISKS
The Group is subject to risks that arise from open positions in interest rate, currency and its equity portfolio, all 
of which are exposed to general and specific market movements. The Group seeks to manage its market risk 
exposure through a range of measures (see “Risk Management – Market Risk” for further information). Such 
measures may not be successful in mitigating market risk and the Group’s exposure to market risks could lead 
to a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. A number of 
these risks are described in greater detail below.
Foreign Exchange and Currency Risk – The Group is exposed to foreign exchange and currency 
risks and further devaluations of the Turkish Lira may adversely impact the Bank’s business, results 
of operation and financial condition
A significant portion of the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly 
U.S. Dollars and Euro. For example, the Group had extended loans denominated in currencies other than 
Turkish Lira totalling the equivalent of TL 58,226 million, TL 72,635 million and TL 117,065 million as of 31 
December 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively, representing 90.3 per cent., 90.0 per cent. and 89.2 per cent.,

--- Page 34 ---
34
respectively, of the Group’s total loans at such dates. As a result, the Group is exposed to the effects of 
fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates, which can have a material impact on its business, financial 
condition (including capitalisation) and results of operations. These risks are both systemic (e.g., the impact of 
exchange rate volatility on the markets generally, including on the Group’s borrowers) and specific to the Group 
(e.g., due to the Group’s own net currency positions). If the Turkish Lira depreciates, then (when translated into 
Turkish Lira) the Group would incur currency translation losses on its liabilities denominated in (or indexed to) 
foreign currencies (such as the Group’s U.S. dollar-denominated long-term loans and other debt) and would 
experience currency translation gains on its assets denominated in (or indexed to) foreign currencies. 
Furthermore, a significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira may affect the Group’s ability to attract customers 
on such terms or to charge rates indexed to the foreign currencies. The overall effect of exchange rate 
movements on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations depends upon the rate of depreciation 
or appreciation of the Turkish Lira against its principal trading and financing currencies. 
In preparing its BRSA Financial Statements, transactions in currencies other than Turkish Lira are recorded at 
the rates of exchange prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At each balance sheet date, monetary items 
denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the rates prevailing on the balance sheet date. Non-monetary 
items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the rates prevailing on the 
date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a 
foreign currency are not translated. As a result, and notwithstanding that the Group’s balance sheet is 
significantly balanced from a currency perspective, the translation effects may affect in the Group’s reported 
income statement. The overall effect of exchange rate movements on the Group’s results of operations depends 
upon the rate of depreciation or appreciation of the Turkish Lira against its principal trading and financing 
currencies.
The value of the Turkish currency against the U.S. dollar has been volatile over the last years, having 
depreciated by 76.8 per cent., 44.3 per cent. and 57.2 per cent., against the U.S. dollar in 2021, 2022 and 2023, 
respectively, mainly due to rising geopolitical risks and political developments on the perceived risks associated 
with investing in Türkiye, deteriorating macroeconomic conditions, global factors leading to the strengthening 
of the U.S. Dollar and inflationary pressures stemming from supply chain pressures and the Russian invasion 
of Ukraine and the related global impact on energy prices. The exchange rate amounted to TL 12.98 per U.S. 
dollar as of 31 December 2021, TL 18.73 per U.S. dollar as of 31 December 2022 and TL 29.39 per U.S. dollar 
as of 31 December 2023.
Although the Group sets stringent limits and performs certain other measures aimed at reducing exchange rate 
risk, including but not limited to derivative transactions as well as strengthening its capital via retained earnings, 
there is no assurance that such measures will be successful. Further depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the 
U.S. dollar and other major currencies will increase the value of the Bank’s foreign currency denominated 
liabilities, negatively affecting the Bank’s financial condition and the cost of servicing foreign currency 
denominated debt, adversely affecting the Bank’s results of operations. In addition, it may adversely impact 
some of the Bank’s major borrowers, who are exposed to foreign exchange risk, which could result in an 
increase in NPLs, negatively affecting the Bank’s business. Volatility of the Turkish Lira can also affect the 
Group’s capital adequacy ratio (for example, if the Turkish Lira depreciates, foreign-currency denominated 
assets result in an increase in the Group’s total assets upon translation into Turkish Lira, and then reduce the 
Group’s capital adequacy ratio). If the Group’s capital adequacy ratio declines below minimum levels, this 
could materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, financial conditions and results of operations, and 
require it to raise additional capital.
Interest Rate Risk – The Group may be negatively affected by volatility in interest rates
The Group’s results of operations depend heavily upon the level of its net interest income, which is the 
difference between interest income from interest earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing

--- Page 35 ---
35
liabilities. The net interest margin could be affected, by among factors, changes in market interest rates. For 
instance, a significant decline in average interest rates charged on loans to customers may result in a decline in 
net interest margins as the Bank’s loan portfolio has a significantly lower duration than its funding (i.e. it re-
prices more quickly, and is therefore more sensitive to interest rates movements in the short-term), which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Net interest income (which also includes net income or losses from trading) contributed 73.6 per cent., 78.7 per 
cent. and 75.2 per cent. of the Group’s operating income for the years ended 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023, 
respectively, and net interest margin as measured on a Bank-only basis was 4.7 per cent., 6.9 per cent. and 7.0 
per cent., respectively, over the same periods. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the 
Group’s control, including monetary policies pursued by the CBRT and domestic and international economic 
and political conditions. In particular, in order to cope with significant deterioration in the Turkish Lira 
exchange rate and the resulting pressure on inflation, the CBRT has taken a number of actions affecting 
overnight lending rates. In 2021, the CBRT continued to loosen monetary policy due to pressure from President 
Erdogan, and as a result, the Turkish Lira suffered further significant depreciation against the U.S. dollar. 
Following a period during which the policy rate remained at 14.0 per cent., the CBRT began reducing its policy 
rate again on 18 August 2022, with the rate reaching a low of 8.5 per cent. on 23 February 2023. These measures 
have contributed to volatility in cost of funding for the Turkish banks, including the Bank and are subject to 
further change and revision at any time, and the Group may be required to seek alternative sources of liquidity 
and funding, which may only be available at increased cost or have limited or no availability. In addition to the 
effects of interest rates on the Group’s cost of funding, its income from financial operations is also directly 
affected by interest rate volatility. As of 31 December 2023, 95.4 per cent. of the Group’s securities portfolio 
consisted of Turkish government debt securities, which accounted for 15.3 per cent. of the Group’s total assets 
(96.2 per cent. and 20.0 per cent., respectively, as of 31 December 2022 and 93.3 per cent. and 14.3 per cent., 
respectively as of 31 December 2021), approximately 64.1 per cent. of which consisted of fixed rate securities, 
the price of which changes in response to movements in interest rates. As a result, a significant portion of the 
Group’s total assets is exposed to interest rate risk. Although the Group uses various instruments and measures 
to manage exposures to interest rate risk (see “Risk Management – Interest Rate Risk”), these instruments and 
measures may not protect the Group from the risks of changing interest rates. For more information on recent 
trends in Turkish interest rates, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results 
of Operations – Significant Factors Affecting the Group’s Financial Condition and Results of Operations – 
Market Environment, Interest Rates and Net Interest Income and Margin”. 
Reduction in Earnings on Securities Portfolio – The Group may not be able to sustain the level of 
earnings on its securities portfolio obtained during recent years
The Group has historically generated a significant portion of interest income from its securities portfolio, with 
interest income derived from the Group’s securities portfolio in 2021, 2022 and 2023 accounting for 23.9 per 
cent., 39.9 per cent. and 26.6 per cent., respectively, of its total interest income (and 19.5 per cent., 33.7 per 
cent. and 22.3 per cent., respectively, of its gross operating income before deducting interest expense and fee 
and commission expense). The CPI-linked securities in the Bank’s investment portfolio have been providing 
high real yields compared to other government securities, which also have been generating high nominal yields 
in an inflationary environment, but their impact on the Bank’s earnings will vary as inflation rates change.
While the contribution of income from the Group’s securities portfolio has been significant over recent years, 
such income could decline in coming years and have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition and results of operations. See “Risks Related to the Group and its Business – Credit Risks – The Group 
has a significant portion of its assets invested in Turkish government debt, making it highly dependent upon the 
continued credit quality of, and payment of its debts by, the Turkish government”.

--- Page 36 ---
36
FUNDING RISKS
Reliance on Government Support – The Bank obtains significant funding through loans guaranteed 
by the Turkish government, any change in the practices or creditworthiness of which could 
materially negatively impact the Bank and its funding from development financial institutions 
(“DFIs”)
A significant portion of the Group’s obligations are guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury (60.2 per cent. and 60.5 
per cent. of its long-term loans including issuances of debt securities and 80.3 per cent. and 83.5 per cent. 
excluding issuances of debt securities as of 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023, respectively), including 
all of its loans from the World Bank, which can only lend to companies that are beneficiaries of a sovereign 
guarantee. The Turkish government publishes an annual aggregate limit for government guarantees (U.S.$4.5 
billion for 2023) and allocates such amount among the Bank, state banks (such as Türkiye Vakıflar Bankası 
T.A.O. (“Vakıfbank”), Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş. (“Halkbank”), T.C. Ziraat Bankası A.Ş. (“Ziraat”), Türkiye 
İhracat Kredi Bankası (“Eximbank”) and Türkiye Kalkıma ve Yatırım Bankası A.Ş.) and state-owned public 
enterprises that can benefit from World Bank and other similar guaranteed financing. As a result of providing 
this support, the Turkish Treasury appoints a representative to the Bank’s Board of Directors. Should the Turkish 
government cease to provide such guarantees, or become less creditworthy, the Bank would be unable to raise 
funding from the World Bank and other creditors that require such a guarantee, which could impact the Bank’s 
ability to raise additional capital and refinance any existing debt.
See also “Claims of Noteholders under the Notes will be effectively subordinated to those of certain other 
creditors” for a description of the priority that claims of the Turkish Treasury would have over claims under the 
Notes in case of the bankruptcy of the Bank.
Reliance on DFIs – The Group relies to a significant extent on DFIs for financing, which exposes the 
Group to significant risk should such funding cease to be available
As a result of the long-standing relationships that the Bank has sustained since its establishment, the Bank’s 
primary source of funding comes from DFIs. As of 31 December 2023, 68.0 per cent. (68.0 per cent. and 64.4 
per cent. as of 31 December 2022 and 2021, respectively) of the Group’s total borrowing was sourced from 
DFIs and the remaining amount was sourced from syndicated loans, bilateral loans, issuances of debt securities 
and money market as well as repurchase (“repo”) transactions. Although the Bank has historically been able to 
extend the maturity profile of its funding base, there can be no assurance that it will be able to do so in the 
future at a price that the Group considers to be reasonable or at all. Should the Group’s relationship with the 
World Bank and/or one or more of its other DFI partners deteriorate or be reduced or discontinued for any 
reason, the Group’s ability to raise additional capital and refinance any existing debt could be negatively 
impacted and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations.
Liquidity Risk – The Group is subject to liquidity and financing risk
Liquidity risk relates to the Group’s ability, under adverse conditions, to access funding necessary to cover 
obligations to customers, meet the maturity of liabilities and satisfy capital requirements. It includes the risk of 
lack of access to funding (other than from the reserves held with the CBRT and limits granted to the Bank by 
the CBRT both in Turkish Lira and foreign currency (“FC”)), the risk of unexpected increases in the cost of 
financing and the risk of not being able to structure the maturity dates of the Group’s liabilities reasonably in 
line with its assets, as well as the risk of not being able to meet payment obligations on time at a reasonable 
price due to liquidity pressures. The Group’s inability to meet its net funding requirements due to inadequate 
liquidity could materially adversely affect its business, financial conditions and results of operations.

--- Page 37 ---
37
The Group, which is not legally empowered to receive deposits, relies primarily upon funds obtained from 
DFIs, which accounted for 67.0 per cent. of the Bank’s borrowings as of 31 December 2023. The Bank also 
secures funds from other financial institutions in the form of syndicated loans, bilateral loans, short-term money 
markets and repo transactions. The Bank has also accessed the international debt capital markets by issuing 
Eurobonds since 2014. An inability on the Group’s part to access funds or to access the markets from which it 
raises funds may put the Group’s positions in liquid assets at risk and lead the Group to be unable to finance its 
operations and growth plans adequately. The Group may be unable to secure funding through sources such as 
its current loan facilities if conditions in these markets, or its creditworthiness, were to deteriorate.
A rising interest rate environment could compound the risk of the Group not being able to access funds at 
favourable rates or at all. As central banks unwind the expansive liquidity provided during the global financial 
crisis, competition among banks and other borrowers for the reduced global liquidity may result in increased 
costs of funding. This and other factors could lead creditors to form a negative view of the Group’s liquidity, 
which could result in lower credit ratings, higher borrowing costs and/or less access to funds. In addition, the 
Group’s ability to raise or access funds may be impaired by factors that are not specific to its operations, such 
as general market conditions, disruptions of the financial markets or negative views about the prospects of the 
sectors to which the Group lends or of the Turkish banking sector. While the Group aims to maintain at any 
given time an adequate level of liquidity reserves, and as of 31 December 2023 operated with a positive maturity 
mismatch (i.e., the average maturity of its receivables was less than the average maturity of its funding), future 
strains on liquidity caused by any of these factors or otherwise (including as a result of the requirement to repay 
any indebtedness, whether on a scheduled basis or as a result of an acceleration due to a default, change of 
control or other event) could adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
For example, in case of a liquidity crisis, wholesale funding would likely become more difficult to obtain, which 
may adversely affect borrowing using certain capital market instruments (such as Eurobonds). Similarly, if the 
credit rating of Türkiye and/or members of the Group is further downgraded, the Group may experience higher 
levels of cost of funding and difficulty accessing certain sources of international or wholesale funding. See also 
“Risks Related to the Group and its Business – Credit Risks – Government Default – The Group has a significant 
portion of its assets invested in Turkish government debt, making it highly dependent upon the continued credit 
quality of, and payment of its debts by, the Turkish government”. 
Adverse developments in the global or Turkish financial markets, further adverse rating agency actions and 
other developments beyond the Group’s control could lead to the Group being unable to obtain additional 
funding on commercially reasonable terms as and when required, or at all. The Group’s inability to refinance 
its current liabilities could result in its failure to service its debt, fulfil loan commitments or meet other on- or 
off-balance sheet payment obligations on specific dates, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. For further information on the Group’s liquidity 
risk management policy, see “Risk Management – Liquidity Risk”.
Access to Capital – The Group may not be able to meet minimum capital adequacy requirements 
and/or may have difficulty raising capital on acceptable terms, if at all
By law, each of the Bank and the Group is required to maintain certain capital levels and capital ratios in 
connection with its business. Such capital ratios depend in part upon the level of risk-weighted assets. The 
Bank’s management expects that any improvement in economic conditions could result in increased lending (in 
absolute terms) and, as a result, there will be a continuing increase in the Group’s risk-weighted assets. The 
increase in lending may adversely affect the Group’s capital adequacy ratios. 
Potential changes in law may also affect the manner in which capital ratios are calculated. The Bank calculates 
its capital adequacy ratios according to the 2015 Capital Adequacy Regulation (as defined below), which allows 
the Bank to use ratings of eligible external credit assessment institutions (namely Fitch, S&P, Moody’s, Japan 
Credit Rating Agency, Ltd., DBRS Ratings Ltd. and, as of 12 January 2017, International Islamic Rating

--- Page 38 ---
38
Agency) when calculating its risk-weighted assets for capital adequacy purposes. As the Bank uses Fitch ratings 
in capital adequacy ratios calculations, a downward change in the rating of Türkiye published by this rating 
agency may negatively impact the Bank’s applicable capital adequacy ratios.
Additionally, it is possible that the Bank’s and/or the Group’s capital levels could decline due to, among other 
things, credit losses, increased credit reserves or currency fluctuations (see “Risks Related to the Group and its 
Business – Foreign Exchange and Currency Risk – The Group is exposed to foreign exchange and currency 
risks and further devaluations of the Turkish Lira may adversely impact the Bank’s business, results of operation 
and financial condition” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations – Assets – Currency of loans”). The Group may also need to raise additional capital in the future to 
ensure that it has sufficient capital to support future growth in its assets in order to remain competitive in the 
Turkish banking environment, particularly in line with the Group’s growth strategy. Should the Group desire or 
be required to raise additional capital, that capital may not be available at a price that the Group considers to be 
reasonable or at all. If any or all of these risks materialise, there could be a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Bank’s asset composition is concentrated in foreign currency-denominated loans, which makes the Bank’s 
capital adequacy ratio sensitive to currency volatilities. As of 31 December 2023, the FC-denominated assets 
accounted for 76.9 per cent. of the balance sheet whereas FC-denominated liabilities accounted for 83.9 per 
cent. of the balance sheet. On these figures, a 10 per cent. depreciation in TL would lead to a 91 basis points 
decrease in the capital adequacy ratio.
The Bank is also exposed to risks of changes to capital adequacy-related policy revisions, including as a result 
of the implementation of Basel III (which is a comprehensive set of reform measures in banking prudential 
regulation developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”)). Any changes 
relating to Basel III or any other capital adequacy-related revisions may impact the manner in which the Bank 
and/or the Group calculates its capital ratios and may even impose higher capital requirements, which may 
require the Group to raise additional capital and/or reduce its balance sheet to ensure that it has sufficient capital 
reserves, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations.
OPERATIONAL RISKS
Competition in the Turkish Banking Sector – The Group faces intense competition in the Turkish 
banking sector 
The Turkish banking sector is highly competitive and dominated by a small number of banks. As of 31 
December 2023, there were 63 banks (including domestic and foreign banks, participation banks and one bank 
which is under the administration of the SDIF, but excluding the CBRT) licensed to operate in Türkiye, with 
the top five banks (three of which are state-controlled banks and none of which are participation banks) holding, 
in aggregate as of 31 December 2023, approximately 60 per cent. of the Turkish banking sector’s total loan 
portfolio and approximately 56 per cent. of the Turkish banking sector’s total assets, according to the BRSA. 
The Bank offers pricing comparable to that of its competitors on financings but offers limited products 
compared to its commercial bank competitors. As a result, the Group could lose customers or be forced to 
reduce its margins, among other things. This, in turn, could negatively affect the Group’s profitability. 
According to Turkish banks’ announcements, as of 31 December 2023, the top seven banking groups in Türkiye, 
three of which were state-controlled, held 89 per cent. of the Turkish banking sector’s total loan portfolio in 
Türkiye, 83 per cent. of the total bank assets in Türkiye and 91 per cent. of total deposits in Türkiye (in each 
case, excluding participation banks and development and investment banks).

--- Page 39 ---
39
The competition of the leading Turkish banks in the government support schemes and their ability to adopt any 
new support schemes or to quickly adapt their lending procedures in light of any changes in the current 
legislation may limit the Group’s market share in government supported lending activities. In addition to 
competition from private banks, the Group faces competition from state-controlled financial institutions, such 
as Ziraat, Vakıfbank and Halkbank. Such government-controlled financial institutions historically focused on 
government and government-related projects but are increasingly focusing on the private sector, leading to 
increased competition and pressure on margins. In particular, such government-controlled institutions may have 
access to low cost deposits (on which such institutions pay low or no interest) through “State Economic 
Enterprises” owned or administered by the Turkish government, which could result in a lower cost of funds that 
cannot be duplicated by private sector banks such as the Group. Such actions by government-controlled 
financial institutions, in addition to ongoing competitive pressures from private financial institutions, may cause 
net interest margins to decline across the Turkish banking market, which could adversely affect the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations.
Foreign financial institutions have shown a strong interest in competing in the banking sector in Türkiye. HSBC 
Bank plc, UniCredito Italiano, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Qatar National Bank, Commercial 
Bank of Qatar, BBVA, BNP Paribas, Citigroup, ING, Emirates NBD, Bank Audi sal, Burgan Bank, Bank of 
Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Bank of China and Intesa SanPaolo S.p.A. are among the many non-Turkish financial 
institutions that have purchased or made investments in Turkish banks or opened their own Turkish offices. 
Further entries into the sector by foreign competitors, either directly or in collaboration with existing Turkish 
banks, could increase competition in the market. Similarly, the expansion of foreign banks’ presence in Türkiye, 
in addition to direct investment, may lead to further competitive pressures. In addition, the Group may not be 
able to offset domestic and foreign competitive pressures in certain sectors.
In addition, Turkish banks traditionally have tended to hold a significant proportion of their assets in Turkish 
government securities. Due to the general trend of declining interest rates in Türkiye, holding government bonds 
became a less profitable strategy for the banking sector. Banks have reacted by shifting funds towards higher-
yielding assets, such as loans to customers (particularly to retail and SME customers). On the other hand, 
Turkish banks have utilised non-equity funds more to finance their asset growth. As the banks are facing an 
increasing funding cost both in local markets and in global markets in the recent years, net interest margins of 
the Turkish banks may decline to the extent increases in lending rates lag behind increases in funding costs. 
Notwithstanding the increased rate environment, if the trends towards increased competition for customers 
continues, the Group could experience a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results 
of operations.
Estimations – Future events may be different from those reflected in the management assumptions 
and estimates used in the preparation of the Group’s financial statements, which may result in 
unexpected reductions in profitability
Pursuant to accounting rules and interpretations, the Group uses certain estimates in preparing its financial 
statements, including in determining expected credit losses and the accounting value of certain assets and 
liabilities. Should the estimated values for such items prove to be materially inaccurate, including as a result of 
unexpected market movements, or if the methods by which such values were determined are revised in future 
accounting rules or interpretations, then the Group may experience unexpected reductions in profitability and/or 
such inaccuracies may otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. For example, portions of the Group’s provisions for loans are determined based upon 
assumptions about the Turkish economy and thus (particularly if the Turkish economy underperforms such 
assumptions) the Group may have taken inadequate provisions for loans.

--- Page 40 ---
40
Profitability – The Group’s profitability and profitability growth in recent years may not be 
sustainable as a result of regulatory, competitive and other factors impacting the Turkish banking 
sector 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s return on average total assets was 4.8 per cent. (compared to 3.2 per cent. 
for the sector according to the BRSA) and the return on its average equity was 41.2 per cent. (compared to 34.2 
per cent. for the sector according to the BRSA) (4.1 per cent. and 41.1 per cent., respectively, for the Group and 
3.7 per cent. and 41.6 per cent., respectively, for the sector for the year ended 31 December 2022). The Group’s 
profitability may be negatively affected as a result of a number of factors that are generally impacting the 
Turkish banking sector, including volatility in interest rates (see “Risks Related to the Group and its Business – 
Market Risks – Reduction in Earnings on Securities Portfolio – The Group may not be able to sustain the level 
of earnings on its securities portfolio obtained during recent years” and “Risks Related to the Group and its 
Business – Market Risks – Interest Rate Risk – The Group may be negatively affected by volatility in interest 
rates”), increased competition (particularly as it impacts net interest margins (see “Risks Related to the Group 
and its Business – Operational Risks –The Group faces intense competition in the Turkish banking sector”) and 
CBRT and governmental actions that seek to limit the growth of Turkish banks and/or the Turkish economy 
through various conventional and unconventional policy measures, including increased reserve requirements, 
increased general provisioning requirements and higher risk-weighting for general purpose loans (see “Risks 
Related to Türkiye – Turkish Regulatory and Other Matters – Banking Regulatory Matters – The activities of 
the Group are highly regulated and changes to applicable laws or regulations, the interpretation or enforcement 
of such laws or regulations or the failure to comply with such laws or regulations could have an adverse impact 
on the Group’s business” and “Risks Related to Türkiye – Economic Conditions – High Current Account Deficit 
– Türkiye’s high current account deficit may result in governmental efforts to decrease economic activity”).
Risk Management – The Group’s risk management strategies and internal controls may leave it 
exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks
The Group’s risk management strategies and internal controls may leave it exposed to unidentified or 
unanticipated risks. The Group’s risk management and internal control policies and procedures may not 
adequately control, or protect the Group against, credit, liquidity, market and other risks. In addition, certain 
risks may not be accurately quantified by the Group’s risk management systems. Some of the Group’s methods 
of managing risk are based upon the use of historical market data, which, as evidenced by events caused by the 
global financial crisis, may not always accurately predict future risk exposures, which could be significantly 
greater than historical measures indicate.
Any material deficiency in the Group’s risk management or other internal control policies or procedures could 
expose it to significant credit, liquidity, market or operational risk, which may in turn have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations or financial condition. Notwithstanding anything in this 
risk factor, this risk factor should not be taken as implying that the Bank will be unable to comply with its 
obligations as a company with securities admitted to the Official List.
Operational Risk – The Group may be unable to monitor and prevent losses arising from fraud 
and/or operational errors or disruptions
Similar to other financial institutions, the Group is susceptible to, among other things, fraud by employees or 
third parties, unauthorised transactions by employees, lack or loss of skilled information technology (“IT”) 
employees and operational errors (including clerical or record keeping errors and errors resulting from faulty 
IT or telecommunications systems). The Group is also subject to service interruptions from time to time for 
third party services, such as telecommunications, due to natural disasters or other causes which are beyond the 
Group’s control. Such interruptions may disrupt the Group’s operations and/or impact customer service. Errors 
may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and rectified. In addition, a number of banking 
transactions are not fully automated, which may further increase the risk that human error or employee

--- Page 41 ---
41
tampering will result in losses that may be difficult for any bank to detect quickly or at all. While the Group 
maintains a system of controls designed to monitor and control operational risk, the Group may suffer losses 
from such risks. Losses from the failure of the Group’s system of internal controls to discover and rectify such 
matters could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Personnel – The Group’s continued success depends upon retaining key members of its senior 
management and its ability to recruit, train and motivate qualified staff
The Group is dependent upon its senior management to implement its strategy and operate its day-to-day 
business. In addition, corporate and other relationships of members of senior management are important to the 
conduct of the Group’s business. In a rapidly emerging and developing market such as Türkiye, demand for 
highly trained and skilled staff is very high and requires the Group to continually re-assess its compensation 
and employment policies. If members of the Group’s senior management were to leave, particularly if they were 
to join competitors, then those employees’ relationships that have benefited the Group may not continue with 
the Group. In addition, the Group’s continuing success depends, in part, upon its ability to attract, retain and 
motivate qualified and experienced banking and management personnel. The Group’s failure to recruit and 
retain necessary personnel or manage its personnel successfully could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Dependence upon Licences – Group members may be unable to maintain or secure the necessary 
licences for carrying on their business
All banks established in Türkiye require licensing by the BRSA. Each of the Bank and, to the extent applicable, 
each of its subsidiaries has a current Turkish and/or other applicable licence for all of its banking and other 
operations. The Bank’s management believes that the Bank and each of its subsidiaries is currently in 
compliance with its existing material licence and reporting obligations; nevertheless, if it is incorrect, or if any 
member of the Group were to suffer a future loss of a licence, breach the terms of a licence or fail to obtain any 
further required licences, then this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations.
OTHER GROUP RELATED RISKS
Audit Qualification – The audit reports in relation to the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements 
financial statements include a qualification
All of the audit reports accompanying the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus include a qualification concerning a free provision allocated by the Bank and the Group in each 
relevant period, which was provided by the Bank’s management as a conservative measure to take into 
consideration the possible result of negative circumstances that may arise from changes in economic or market 
conditions. The independent auditors have qualified their audit reports accompanying the BRSA Financial 
Statements as free provisions are not permitted under Turkish Accounting Standards 37 (“TAS 37”) as set by 
the POA. The Bank’s and the Group’s financial statements may contain similar qualifications for so long as 
such free provisions are allocated by the Bank or the Group. The independent auditor’s qualification can be 
found in its audit reports accompanying each of such BRSA Financial Statements. 
Due to the fact that the above-mentioned items do not meet the requirements of TAS 37, the accompanying 
consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2023 include a free provision amounting to TL 1,750,000 
thousand, of which TL 900,000 thousand were provided within prior years and of which TL 850 thousand was 
provided in 2023. This free provision was provided by the Bank management for the possible effects of the 
negative circumstances which may arise in the economy or market conditions. Since the above-mentioned 
provisions do not meet the accounting requirements of TAS 37 “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and

--- Page 42 ---
42
Contingent Assets”, the “Other Provisions” for the period ended 31 December 2023 are overstated by TL 
1,750,000 thousand, while “retained earnings” and “net income” as of 31 December 2023 are understated by 
TL 900,000 thousand and TL 850,000 thousand, respectively
Such provision may be reversed, re-allocated or increased by the Bank and the Group in future periods, which 
may cause the Bank and the Group’s net profit to be higher or lower in future periods than it otherwise would 
be in the absence of such reversal, re-allocation or increase. These provisions do not impact the Bank and the 
Group’s level of tax.
Turkish Disclosure Standards – Turkish disclosure standards may differ in certain significant 
respects from those in certain other countries, leading to a lesser amount of information being 
available
Historically, the reporting, accounting and financial practices applied by Turkish banks have differed in certain 
respects from those applicable to similar banks in the European Union or in other similar economies. There is 
less publicly available information on businesses in Türkiye than is regularly published by similar businesses 
in the EU or in other similar markets, and information that is published may only be presented in Turkish. The 
BRSA rules require Turkish banks to publish their financial reports on their websites and their annual financial 
reports in the Official Gazette in Türkiye. Annual financial reports comprise audited financial statements and 
activity reports, and quarterly financial reports comprise reviewed financial statements, interim management 
reports and corporate governance compliance reports. In recent years, many Turkish banks (including the Bank) 
have also prepared financial statements using IFRS for certain reporting periods, with their financial statements 
being available first under BRSA Principles and only subsequently made available in IFRS financial statements. 
Most Turkish banks, including the Bank, have English versions of their financial statements available on their 
websites. In addition, banks that are listed on the Borsa İstanbul (“BİST”), such as the Bank, are also required 
to publish their financial statements on a quarterly basis and to disclose any significant development that is 
likely to have an impact on investors’ decisions and/or that would be likely to have a significant effect on the 
price of the issuer’s securities (both through the Turkish government’s Public Disclosure Platform’s website 
and the Bank’s own website). Nonetheless, investors may not have access to the same depth of disclosure 
relating to the Bank as they would for investments in banks in the European Union and other more-developed 
markets.
The Group maintains its accounting systems and prepares its accounts in accordance with the relevant 
legislation and publishes quarterly financial results in accordance with the BRSA Principles. With respect to 
IFRS, the Bank only publishes annual and semi-annual consolidated financial statements for the Group. There 
are differences between the BRSA Financial Statements and IFRS financial statements. The Group’s and the 
Bank’s IFRS financial statements are not incorporated by reference into and do not form a part of this Base 
Prospectus. A summary of the most material of such differences as they apply to the Group has been included 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including the differences described above and other potential differences 
that may materially affect the Group’s results of operations and financial position (see Appendix “Overview of 
Significant Differences between IFRS and BRSA Accounting Principles”). 
Entities whose functional currency is the currency of a hyperinflationary economy present their financial 
statements in terms of the measuring unit current at the end of the reporting period according to “TAS 29 
Financial Reporting in Hyperinflation Economies”. Based on the announcement made by POA on 23 November 
2023, entities applying TFRS are required to present their financial statements by adjusting for the impact of 
inflation for the annual reporting period ending on or after 31 December 2023, in accordance with the 
accounting principles specified in TAS 29. In the same announcement, it was stated that institutions or 
organisations authorised to regulate and supervise in their respective scope might determine different transition 
dates for the implementation of inflation accounting, and in this context, BRSA announced that financial

--- Page 43 ---
43
statements of banks, financial leasing, factoring, financing, savings financing and asset management companies 
as of 31 December 2023 would not be subject to the inflation adjustment in accordance with BRSA Board 
decision on 12 December 2023.
On 11 January 2024, the BRSA announced that inflation adjustment will apply for banks for accounting periods 
starting from 1 January 2025. As a result: (a) the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus have not applied the inflation adjustment standards of TAS 29; however, such adjustments 
might be applied in the future (including with respect to some or all of the 2023 BRSA Financial Statements), 
and (b) the BRSA Financial Statements: (i) are not currently adjusted for inflation and (ii) to the extent they are 
hereafter so adjusted for inflation, will not be comparable to financial statements from earlier periods prepared 
without such policies. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, it is unclear what effect this change in accounting 
standards will have on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Potential investors should rely upon their own examination of the Group, the terms of the Notes and the financial 
and other information contained in this Base Prospectus.
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES
While the risks described above are important with respect to the Issuer’s ability to make payments due in 
respect of the Notes, there are additional risks that should be considered by investors in the Notes, including 
risks relating to the nature of the structure of the Notes and general risks relating to investments in the Notes 
(both of which are set out in the corresponding sub-category below). Such risks that the Issuer’s management 
has identified as having a material impact on investors in the Notes issued with the terms and conditions set out 
in this Base Prospectus (the “Conditions”) are set out in this category of risk factors; it being understood that 
the following does not address any specific conditions of, or circumstances relating to, any particular investor 
(including such investor’s own tax, regulatory or other circumstances) but rather to investors generally 
speaking.
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF THE NOTES
The Notes present investors with certain risks that are applicable to investments in senior unsecured obligations 
issued by the Issuer. Such risks that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on 
investors in the Notes are set out in this section.
Early Redemption – The Notes may be subject to early redemption in certain circumstances
The Issuer will, in certain circumstances described below, have the right to redeem Notes prior to their maturity 
date. An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This may similarly be true prior to any redemption period.
To the extent Notes have an optional redemption feature, the Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its 
cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on such Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not 
be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate (or through taking on a greater credit 
risk). Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 44 ---
44
Change of Interest Basis – If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of 
the Notes concerned
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis may affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes, as the change of interest 
basis may result in a lower return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, 
the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of the 
investment in the relevant Notes.
Settlement Currency – In certain circumstances, investors may need to open a bank account in the 
Specified Currency or payment may be made in a currency other than as elected by a Noteholder or 
the currency in which payment is made may affect the value of the Notes or such payment to the 
relevant Noteholder
In the case of Turkish Lira denominated Notes held other than through DTC, unless an election to receive 
payments in U.S. Dollars as provided in Condition 7.8 is made, holders of such Notes may need to open and 
maintain a Turkish Lira denominated bank account, and no assurance can be given that Noteholders will be able 
to do so either in or outside of Türkiye. For so long as such Notes are in global form, any Noteholder who does 
not maintain such a bank account will be unable to transfer Turkish Lira funds (whether from payments on, or 
the proceeds of any sale of, such Notes) from its account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg to which 
any such payment is made.
For Notes in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars that are held through DTC, if a Noteholder wishes 
to receive payment in that Specified Currency, then it would need to open and maintain a bank account in the 
Specified Currency. Any Noteholder who does not maintain such a bank account will be unable to receive 
payments on the Notes in the Specified Currency. Absent an affirmative election to receive such payments in 
the Specified Currency, the Exchange Agent will convert any such payment made by the Issuer in the Specified 
Currency into U.S. Dollars and the holders of such Notes will receive payment in U.S. Dollars. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Condition 7.9”.
Under Condition 7.8, if the Fiscal Agent receives cleared funds in respect of Turkish Lira denominated Notes 
held other than through DTC from the Issuer after the relevant time on the Relevant Payment Date, then the 
Fiscal Agent will use reasonable efforts to pay any U.S. Dollar amounts Noteholders have elected to receive in 
respect of such funds as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. If it is not possible for the Fiscal Agent to 
purchase U.S. Dollars with any Turkish Lira funds received, the relevant payments in respect of the Notes will 
be made in Turkish Lira.
As any currency election in respect of any payment to be made under such Turkish Lira denominated Notes for 
the purposes of Condition 7.8 is irrevocable: (a) its exercise may (at least temporarily) affect the liquidity of the 
applicable Notes, (b) a Noteholder would not be permitted to change its election notwithstanding changes in 
exchange rates or other market conditions and (c) if the Fiscal Agent cannot, for any reason, effect the 
conversion of the amount paid by the Issuer in Turkish Lira, Noteholders will receive the relevant amount in 
Turkish Lira.
Noteholders will have no recourse to the Issuer, any Agent or any other person for any reduction in value to the 
holder of any relevant Notes or any payment made in respect of such Notes as a result of such payment being 
made in the Specified Currency or in accordance with any currency election made by that holder, including as

--- Page 45 ---
45
a result of any foreign exchange rate spreads, conversion fees or commissions resulting from any exchange of 
such payment into any currency other than the Specified Currency. Such exchange, and any fees and 
commissions related thereto, or payment made in the Specified Currency may result in a Noteholder receiving 
an amount that is less than the amount that such Noteholder may have obtained had it received the payment in 
the Specified Currency and converted such payment in an alternative manner or if payment had been made in 
accordance with the relevant currency election.
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates.
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities.
Sustainable Notes – In respect of any Notes issued as Sustainable Notes, there can be no assurance that 
such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor
If any Sustainable Notes (as defined below) are issued under this Programme and if any of the risks outlined in 
this risk factor were to materialise, there may be a material adverse effect on the value of such Sustainable 
Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance the Issuer’s lending for 
Eligible Sustainable Projects (as defined below) and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose (including, without limitation, if 
such investors are required to dispose of their Sustainable Notes as a result of such Notes not meeting any 
investment criteria or objectives set by or for such investor, which could lead to increased volatility and/or 
material decreases in the market price of Sustainable Notes).
No assurance that Sustainable Notes will satisfy any investor requirements or expectations 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that such Notes are intended to be 
‘Sustainable Notes’, which may include Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds (each as 
defined below and together, “Sustainable Notes”). The Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net 
proceeds from any issue of Sustainable Notes to advance loans to the Issuer’s customers on a targeted basis for 
the purposes of the financing and/or refinancing Green Projects and/or Social Projects (each as defined below 
and together, “Eligible Sustainable Projects”), as described in the sustainable finance framework (the 
“Sustainable Finance Framework”) published on the Issuer’s website (as amended, supplemented or 
otherwise updated from time to time). In connection with the issuance of Sustainable Notes, Sustainalytics (a 
sustainability consulting firm) has evaluated the Sustainable Finance Framework and has issued an independent 
opinion confirming that the Eligible Sustainable Projects described in the Sustainable Finance Framework are 
aligned with the International Capital Market Association’s (“ICMA”) Green Bond Principles 2018 (the 
“ICMA Green Bond Principles”), ICMA’s Social Bond Principles 2020 (the “ICMA Social Bond 
Principles”) and ICMA’s Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2020 (the “ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines”) 
published on the Issuer’s website (as amended, supplemented or otherwise updated from time to time) and each 
of which, for the avoidance of doubt, is not incorporated by reference herein.
If the use of such proceeds is a factor in a prospective investor’s decision to invest in Sustainable Notes, 
prospective investors should consult with their legal and other advisers before making an investment in any 
such Sustainable Notes and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose 
of any investment in such Sustainable Notes, together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers that the use of such 
amounts advanced by the Issuer to customers for the purposes of financing or refinancing any projects which

--- Page 46 ---
46
the Issuer has identified as Eligible Sustainable Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental, green, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses that are the 
subject of, or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the proceeds of 
any loans to an entity described in clause (a) of the definition of Green Projects or Social Projects (each as 
defined below) can be used by such entity for general corporate purposes. 
No assurance regarding any labels
The EU adopted a regulation on a voluntary European green bond standard (the “EU Green Bond Regulation”) 
which entered into force on 20 December 2023 and is expected to become applicable from 21 December 2024. 
The EU Green Bond Regulation will establish a voluntary label for European green bonds and will set out 
uniform requirements for issuers that wish to use the designation “European green bond” or “EuGB” and the 
conditions for external review of bonds using the label. It will also create an alternative voluntary approach to 
sustainability disclosures for bonds not using the label but marketed as environmentally sustainable or 
sustainability-linked bonds. It is not clear if the establishment of the EuGB label and the optional disclosures 
regime for bonds issued as “environmentally sustainable” under the EU Green Bond Regulation could have an 
impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not comply with the 
requirements of the EuGB label or the optional disclosures regime in the future, such as any Sustainable Notes 
issued under this Programme. It could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the 
market price of any Sustainable Notes issued under this Programme that do not comply with those standards 
proposed under the EU Green Bond Regulation.
Furthermore, no assurance can be given that Eligible Sustainable Projects will meet investor expectations or 
requirements regarding ‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or any similar label (including in 
relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond 
Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the UK).
Furthermore, no assurance can be given that the Sustainable Finance Framework will be aligned with the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation, the EU Green Bond Regulation or any other sustainability framework. 
No assurance that Eligible Sustainable Projects will be completed or meet their objectives
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any Eligible Sustainable Projects will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer when making its assessment whether or not to apply any proceeds of 
Sustainable Notes (or amounts equal thereto) to such Eligible Sustainable Project.
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers to investors in 
Sustainable Notes that any projects or uses that are the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects 
will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such ‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or 
other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, green, social and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses that are the subject of, or related to, 
any Eligible Sustainable Projects.
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any second party opinion
In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers as to the suitability 
or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, certification or report of any third party, (whether or 
not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Sustainable Notes 
and/or the Sustainable Finance Framework (as updated from time to time) established by the Issuer, and in

--- Page 47 ---
47
particular with any Eligible Sustainable Projects to fulfil any environmental, green, sustainability, social and/or 
other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such framework, opinion or certification will not be, and shall 
not be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification 
is not, and should not be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold 
any Sustainable Notes. Any such opinion or certification will only be current as of the date on which that opinion 
is initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the 
purpose of any investment in any Sustainable Notes. Any withdrawal of any such opinion, certification or report 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of any Sustainable Notes in respect of which such opinion or 
certification is given and /or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.
No assurance that Sustainable Notes will be admitted to trading on any dedicated sustainable (or similar) 
segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be maintained
If any Sustainable Notes are listed or admitted to trading or otherwise displayed on any dedicated ‘green’, 
‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arrangers 
or the Dealers that such listing or admission or display satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental, green, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses that are the 
subject of, or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects or the funding thereof by the Issuer. Furthermore, it 
should be noted that the criteria for any such listing or admission to trading or display may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the 
Arrangers or the Dealers that any such listing or admission to trading or display will be obtained in respect of 
any Sustainable Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading or display will be maintained 
during the life of any Sustainable Notes. The criteria for acceptance onto any such market may change from 
time to time. In the event of any actual or anticipated removal of the Notes from any such market, or if access 
to any such market is sought and refused, that could have a material adverse effect on the market price of any 
Sustainable Notes.
Performance of Sustainable Notes not linked to the performance of Eligible Sustainable Projects
The performance of Sustainable Notes is not linked to the performance of the relevant Eligible Sustainable 
Projects or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. There will be no 
segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of Sustainable Notes. Consequently, neither payments of principal 
and/or interest on Sustainable Notes nor any rights of Noteholders shall depend on the performance of the 
relevant Eligible Sustainable Projects or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any such environmental or 
similar targets. Holders of any Sustainable Notes shall have no preferential rights or priority against the assets 
of any Eligible Sustainable Project nor benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes.
No Events of Default
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Sustainable Notes for 
advancing loans to customers on a targeted basis for the purposes of financing and/or refinancing Eligible 
Sustainable Projects, there can be no assurance that the relevant loans advanced by the Issuer, or the project(s) 
or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects will be capable of being implemented in 
or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such 
amounts will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Sustainable Projects. Nor can there be any

--- Page 48 ---
48
assurance that such Eligible Sustainable Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the 
Issuer when making its assessment whether or not to advance the relevant loan. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Sustainable 
Notes to advance loans to customers to finance and/or refinance any Eligible Sustainable Projects, and/or any 
failure by any such customer to apply those funds to Eligible Sustainable Projects, and/or any withdrawal of 
any opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer or any of its customers is not complying in whole or in part 
with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any Sustainable Notes 
no longer being listed or admitted to trading or displayed on any stock exchange or securities market, will not 
(i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer (or the Arrangers or any Dealer), (ii) constitute an 
Event of Default under any Sustainable Notes or a breach or violation of any term thereof, or constitute a default 
by the Issuer for any other purpose or (iii) lead to a right or obligation of the Issuer to redeem any Sustainable 
Notes or give any Noteholder the right to require redemption of its Notes.
RISKS RELATED TO INVESTMENTS IN THE NOTES GENERALLY
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally:
Unsecured Obligation – The Notes will constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer
The Issuer’s obligations under the Notes will constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer. The ability of the 
Issuer to pay such obligations will depend upon, among other factors, its liquidity, overall financial strength 
and ability to generate asset flows, which could be affected by (inter alia) the circumstances described in these 
“Risk Factors”.
Effective Subordination – Claims of Noteholders under the Notes will be effectively subordinated to 
those of certain other creditors
While the Notes will rank equally with all of the Issuer’s other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, the 
Notes will be effectively subordinated to the Issuer’s secured indebtedness and securitisations, if any, to the 
extent of the value of the assets securing such transactions, and will be subject to certain preferential obligations 
under Turkish law (as is the case for all Turkish banks, including, without limitation, liabilities that are preferred 
by reason of reserve and/or liquidity requirements required by law to be maintained by the Issuer with the 
CBRT, claims that the CBRT may have against the Issuer with respect to certain loans made by it to the Issuer 
and certain “public claims”). Any such preferential claims may reduce the amount recoverable by the 
Noteholders on any dissolution, winding up or liquidation of the Issuer and may result in an investor in the 
Notes losing all or some of its investment.
It is important for investors in the Notes to consider that, in case of the insolvency of the Issuer, the Turkish 
Treasury’s reimbursement/subrogation claims relating to the guarantees it provides for other debt raised by the 
Issuer are qualified as “public claims” and, as such, are subject to special collection procedures that result in 
their ranking prior to claims under the Notes and other ordinary claims. As a result, the remaining value of the 
Issuer’s assets after repayment of these preferred claims in an insolvency of the Issuer may be insufficient to 
pay investors in the Notes all or any portion of the amounts due to them.
Taxation – The Issuer will have the right to redeem the Notes upon the occurrence of certain changes 
requiring it to pay withholding taxes in excess of levels, if any, applicable to interest or other 
payments on the Notes on the original Issue Date of such Notes
The withholding tax rate on interest payments in respect of bonds issued by Turkish legal entities outside of 
Türkiye varies depending upon the original maturity of such bonds as specified under Decree No. 2009/14593 
dated 12 January 2009 which has been amended by Decree No. 2010/1182 dated 20 December 2010, Decree

--- Page 49 ---
49
No. 2011/1854 dated 26 April 2011 and Presidential Decree No. 842 dated 20 March 2019 (together, the “Tax 
Decrees”). Pursuant to the Tax Decrees: (a) with respect to bonds with a maturity of less than one year, the 
withholding tax rate on interest is 7 per cent., (b) with respect to bonds with a maturity of at least one and less 
than three years, the withholding tax rate on interest is 3 per cent. and (c) with respect to bonds with a maturity 
of three years and more the withholding tax rate on interest is 0 per cent. 
The Issuer will have the right to redeem a Series of Notes at any time at the Early Redemption Amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (including in the case of Floating Rate Notes) prior to their maturity date if, upon 
the occurrence: (i) of a change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined 
in Condition 9.1) or (ii) any change in the application or official interpretation of the laws or regulations of a 
Relevant Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes effective after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the most recently issued Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes, on the next Interest Payment 
Date the Issuer would be required: (A) to pay additional amounts in respect of such Series of Notes as provided 
or referred to in Condition 9 on account of any Taxes (as defined in Condition 9.1) and (B) to make any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Relevant 
Jurisdiction at a rate in excess of the prevailing applicable rates on the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the most recently issued Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes, and such requirement cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it. Upon such a redemption, investors in such Series of 
Notes may not be able to reinvest the amounts received at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their 
investment in the redeemed Notes and, in the case of any Floating Rate Notes, the redemption could take place 
on any date during an Interest Period.
This redemption feature is also likely to limit the market value of the Notes at any time when the Issuer has the 
right to redeem them as provided above, as the market value at such time will generally not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may similarly be true in the period before such time when 
any relevant change in law or regulation is yet to become effective.
Transfer Restrictions – Transfers of interests in the Notes will be subject to certain restrictions and 
interests in Global Notes can only be held through a clearing system
Although the Notes have been authorised by the CMB pursuant to Decree 32, the Capital Markets Law, the 
Communiqué on Debt Instruments and other related legislation as debt securities to be offered outside of 
Türkiye, the Notes have not been and are not expected to be registered: (a) under the Securities Act or any 
applicable state’s or other jurisdiction’s securities laws or (b) with the SEC or any other applicable state’s or 
other jurisdiction’s regulatory authorities. The offering of the Notes will be made pursuant to exemptions from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act and from other securities laws. Accordingly, reoffers, resales, 
pledges and other transfers of interests in the Notes will be subject to certain transfer restrictions. Each investor 
is advised to consult its legal advisers in connection with any such reoffer, resale, pledge or other transfer. See 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”.
Because transfers of interests in the Global Notes can be effected only through book entries at DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear (as applicable) for the accounts of their respective participants, the 
liquidity of any secondary market for investments in the Global Notes may be reduced to the extent that some 
investors are unwilling to invest in notes held in book-entry form in the name of a participant in Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, Euroclear or DTC, as applicable. The ability to pledge interests in the Notes may be limited due 
to the lack of a physical certificate. In the event of the insolvency of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC 
or any of their respective participants in whose name interests in the Notes are recorded, the ability of beneficial 
owners to obtain timely or ultimate payment of principal and interest on the Notes may be impaired.

--- Page 50 ---
50
Further Issues – The Issuer may issue further Notes of any Series, which would dilute the 
Noteholder’s share of such Series
As permitted by Condition 17, the Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders of a 
Series create and issue further Notes of such Series, so that such further Notes shall be consolidated and form 
a single series with such outstanding Notes; provided that it may only do so if such further Notes will be fungible 
with the existing Notes of such Series for U.S. federal income tax purposes. To the extent that the Issuer issues 
such further Notes of a Series, the existing Noteholder’s share of such Series (e.g., in respect of any meeting or 
Written Resolution of holders of the Notes of that Series (see “Consent for Modification – The Conditions of 
the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all investors” above)) 
will be diluted.
Enforcement of Judgments – It may not be possible for investors to enforce foreign judgments 
against the Issuer or its management
The Issuer is a public joint stock company organised under the laws of Türkiye. All of the directors and officers 
of the Issuer reside inside Türkiye and all or a substantial portion of the assets of such persons may be, and 
substantially all of the assets of the Issuer are, located in Türkiye. As a result, it may not be possible for investors 
to effect service of process upon such persons outside Türkiye or to enforce against them in the courts of 
jurisdictions other than Türkiye any judgments obtained in such courts that are predicated upon the laws of such 
other jurisdictions. In connection therewith, the Issuer has submitted to the jurisdiction of the High Court of 
Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent UK appellate court in respect of any appeal relating 
to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) and New York State and 
U.S. federal courts sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, New York, and has appointed 
agents for the service of process in each of the aforementioned jurisdictions, all as more particularly described 
in Condition 19. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 19”.
In addition, under the International Private and Procedure Law of the Republic of Türkiye (Law No. 5718), a 
judgment of a court established in a country other than Türkiye may not be enforced in Turkish courts in certain 
circumstances. There is no treaty between the UK and Türkiye or between the United States and Türkiye 
providing for reciprocal enforcement of judgments; however, Turkish courts have rendered at least one 
judgment confirming de facto reciprocity between Türkiye and the UK with respect to the enforcement of 
judgments of their respective courts. However, the courts of New York have rendered at least one judgment in 
the past confirming de facto reciprocity between Türkiye and the State of New York. However, since de facto
reciprocity is decided by the relevant court on a case-by-case basis, there is uncertainty as to the enforceability 
of court judgments obtained in the United States or the UK by Turkish courts. The same may apply for 
judgments obtained in other jurisdictions. Moreover, there is uncertainty as to the ability of an investor to bring 
an original action in Türkiye based upon the U.S. federal or any other non-Turkish securities laws.
The designation in Condition 19.6 of the United States federal courts set forth therein as venues for proceedings 
relating to the Notes is subject to the power of United States federal courts to transfer proceedings pursuant to 
Section 1404(a) of Title 28 of the United States Code or to dismiss such proceedings on the grounds that such 
United States federal court is an inconvenient forum for such actions.
Furthermore, any claim against the Issuer which is denominated in a foreign currency would, in any bankruptcy 
of the Issuer, only be payable in Turkish Lira. The relevant exchange rate for determining the Turkish Lira 
amount of any such claim would be the CBRT’s exchange rate for the purchase of the relevant currency which 
is effective on the date when the relevant court’s decision on the bankruptcy is rendered in accordance with 
Turkish law. Such exchange rate may be less favourable to a Noteholder than the rate of exchange prevailing at 
the relevant time.
For further information, see “Enforcement of Judgments and Service of Process”.

--- Page 51 ---
51
Definitive Notes May Need to be Issued – Investors who purchase interests in Notes in denominations 
that are not an integral multiple of the Specified Denomination may be adversely affected if Notes 
in definitive form are subsequently required to be issued
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that interests in such Notes 
may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of 
such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds 
an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the 
relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase or sell a principal amount of Notes such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination.
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that is 
not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.
Reliance on Clearing Systems – Investors in the Notes will be subject to the rules of the DTC, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures
Unless issued in definitive form, Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more 
Global Notes that may be deposited with or registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary or a 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or may be deposited with 
or registered in the name of a nominee for DTC (each as defined under “Form of the Notes”). Except in the 
circumstances described in the applicable Global Note, investors in a Global Note will not be entitled to receive 
Notes in definitive form. Each of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and 
indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through 
the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants.
Except in the case of a Registered Global Note denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars 
and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee and in respect of which a participant in DTC has elected to 
receive any part of such payment in that Specified Currency, for so long as the Notes are represented by Global 
Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under the Notes by making payments through the 
relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any 
Global Note.
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant 
clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies.
No Secondary Market – An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established 
or may be illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their 
Notes
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.

--- Page 52 ---
52
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes.
Market Price Volatility – The market price of an investment in the Notes may be subject to a high 
degree of volatility
The market price of any investment in the Notes could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual 
or anticipated variations in the Issuer’s operating results, adverse business developments, changes to the 
regulatory environment in which the Group operates, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts and 
the actual or expected sale by the Group of other Notes or debt securities, as well as other factors, including the 
trading market for notes issued by the Republic of Türkiye. In addition, in recent years the global financial 
markets have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that, if repeated in the future, could 
adversely affect the market price of an investment in the Notes without regard to the Issuer’s financial condition 
or results of operations.
The market price of any investment in the Notes will also be influenced by economic and market conditions in 
Türkiye and, to varying degrees, economic and market conditions in emerging markets generally. Although 
economic conditions differ in each country, the reaction of investors to developments in one country may cause 
capital markets in other countries to fluctuate. Developments or economic conditions in other emerging market 
countries have at times significantly affected the availability of credit to the Turkish economy and resulted in 
considerable outflows of funds and declines in the amount of foreign investment in Türkiye. Crises in other 
emerging market countries may diminish investor interest in securities of Turkish issuers, including those issued 
by the Bank, which could adversely affect the market price of an investment in the Notes.
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls – If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated 
in the investor’s home currency, then such an investor will be exposed to movements in exchange 
rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in 
relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (a) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(b) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the 
Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. An 
investor may also not be able to convert (at a reasonable exchange rate or at all) amounts received in the 
Specified Currency into the Investor’s Currency, which could materially adversely affect the market value of 
the Notes. There may also be tax consequences for investors.

--- Page 53 ---
53
Benchmark Uncertainty – Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or 
reformed in the future
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions 
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on any Notes linked to or referencing such a ‘benchmark’. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use 
of a benchmark, within the UK. The Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, 
could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation (as applicable), and such changes could 
(amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of 
the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals 
for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations 
or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
“benchmarks” or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain “benchmarks”.
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that 
it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a “risk free overnight 
rate” which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial 
instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates 
recommended the new Euro short-term rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was 
published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order 
to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in 
its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions, or 
result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes 
whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). 
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative 
reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the 
term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the 
Notes) based on the same benchmark.
Condition 6.7 provides for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a relevant benchmark is discontinued 
or no longer published or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs. Such fallback arrangements include the 
possibility that the Rate of Interest (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) on the applicable Notes could be 
set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Rate (both as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) and that such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) as a result of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark with the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and amendments could also be made to the Conditions 
of the Notes and/or the Agency Agreement to ensure the proper operation of the Successor Rate or Alternative

--- Page 54 ---
54
Rate, as the case may be, all as determined by the Issuer following consultation with an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonably manner. 
Any Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) that is applied may not be effective to reduce 
or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with 
the application of an Adjustment Spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the relevant 
benchmark were to continue to apply in its current form.
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined, the 
ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may result 
in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory development, there is a risk that 
the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms and the possible 
application of the benchmark discontinuation provisions under Condition 6.7 in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.
English Law – The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or 
administrative practice
The Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it.
Consent for Modification – The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their 
modification without the consent of all investors
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all holders of the Notes of a Series, 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. The same considerations apply in respect of resolutions passed by way of 
Written Resolution and via Electronic Consents.
The Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may, without the consent of 
Noteholders, agree to any modification of any of the Conditions, the Deed of Covenant or any of the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, either (a) for the purpose of curing any ambiguity 
or of curing, correcting or supplementing any manifest or proven error or any other defective provision 
contained herein or therein or (b) following the advice of an independent financial institution of international 
standing, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.
See Condition 16 for further details.
Credit Ratings – Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all risks 
associated with an investment in those Notes
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above,

--- Page 55 ---
55
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such general restriction will also apply in the case 
of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an 
EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn 
or suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant 
rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, UK regulated investors are 
required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating 
agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) 
issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note 
this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may 
be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates 
continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions 
are satisfied.
If the status of any rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact 
the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 56 ---
56
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS AND SERVICE OF PROCESS
The Issuer is a public joint stock company under the Turkish Commercial Code (No. 6102). Substantially all of 
the assets of the Issuer are located in Türkiye. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service 
of process upon the Issuer outside Türkiye or to enforce against it in the courts of jurisdictions other than 
Türkiye any judgments obtained in such courts that are predicated upon the laws of such other jurisdictions. In 
order to enforce such judgments in Türkiye, investors should initiate enforcement lawsuits before the competent 
Turkish courts. In accordance with Articles 50 to 59 of Türkiye’s International Private and Procedure Law (Law 
No. 5718), the courts of Türkiye will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a country 
other than Türkiye unless:
(a)
there is in effect a treaty between such country and Türkiye providing for a reciprocal enforcement of 
court judgments,
(b)
there is de facto enforcement in such country of judgments rendered by Turkish courts, or
(c)
there is a provision in the laws of such country that provides for the enforcement of judgments of Turkish 
courts.
There is no treaty between Türkiye and either the United States or the UK providing for reciprocal enforcement 
of judgments. There is no de facto reciprocity between Türkiye and the United States, except that the courts of 
New York have rendered at least one judgment in the past confirming de facto reciprocity between Türkiye and 
the State of New York. Turkish courts have rendered at least one judgment confirming a de facto reciprocity 
between Türkiye and the UK; however, since de facto reciprocity is decided by the relevant court on a case-by-
case basis, there is uncertainty as to the enforceability of court judgments obtained in the United States or the 
UK by Turkish courts. Moreover, there is uncertainty as to the ability of an investor to bring an original action 
in Türkiye based upon the U.S. federal or any other non-Turkish securities laws.
In addition, the courts of Türkiye will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a country 
other than Türkiye if:
(a)
the defendant was not duly summoned or represented or the defendant’s fundamental procedural rights 
were not observed,
(b)
the judgment in question was rendered with respect to a matter within the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
courts of Türkiye,
(c)
the judgment is incompatible with a judgment of a court in Türkiye between the same parties and relating 
to the same issues or, as the case may be, with an earlier foreign judgment on the same issue and 
enforceable in Türkiye,
(d)
the judgment is not of a civil nature,
(e)
the judgment is clearly against public policy rules of Türkiye,
(f)
the judgment is not final and binding with no further recourse for appeal or similar revision process 
under the laws of the country where the judgment has been rendered, or
(g)
the judgment was rendered by a foreign court that has deemed itself competent even though it has no 
actual relationship with the parties or the subject matter at hand.
In any lawsuit, debt collection proceeding or action against the Issuer in the Turkish courts, a foreign plaintiff 
may be required to deposit security for court costs (cautio judicatum solvi); provided that the court may in its 
discretion waive such requirement for security in the event that the plaintiff is considered to be: (a) a national 
of one of the contracting states of the Convention Relating to Civil Procedures signed at The Hague on 1 March

--- Page 57 ---
57
1954 (ratified by Türkiye by Law No. 1574), except for legal entities incorporated under the laws of such 
contracting states, or (b) a national of a state that has signed a bilateral treaty with Türkiye that is duly ratified 
and contains (inter alia) a waiver of the cautio judicatum solvi requirement on a reciprocal basis. In addition, 
if Turkish nationals do not deposit such a security in the country of the foreign plaintiff, then the relevant Turkish 
court may waive such requirement for security relying upon the de facto reciprocity. If the foreign plaintiff 
deposits such security and the proceeding ends in favour of such plaintiff, then such security will be returned 
to such plaintiff.
Furthermore, any claim against the Issuer which is denominated in a foreign currency would, in any bankruptcy 
of the Issuer, only be payable in Turkish Lira. The relevant exchange rate for determining the Turkish Lira 
amount of any such claim would be the CBRT’s exchange rate for the purchase of the relevant currency which 
is effective on the date when the relevant court’s decision on the bankruptcy is rendered in accordance with 
Turkish law. See “Risk Factors – Risks related to the Notes Generally– It may not be possible for investors to 
enforce foreign judgments against the Issuer or its management” for further details.
Process may be served on the Issuer at Türkiye İş Bankası A.Ş., London Branch (with an address at the date of 
this Base Prospectus of 1 Bartholomew Lane, London EC2N 2AX, United Kingdom) in relation to any 
proceedings in England in connection with any Notes issued under the Programme.
In the case of any Series of Notes where some or all of the Notes of such Series have been offered by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in the United States or to U.S. persons, the Issuer will appoint an agent in the United States 
to accept service of process in any suit, action, or proceeding brought with respect to such Notes instituted in 
any state or federal court in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, New York, as more particularly 
described in Condition 19.6. The name and address of such agent will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 58 ---
58
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus:
(a)
the independent auditors’ audit reports and audited consolidated BRSA Financial Statements of the 
Group as of and for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021; and
(b)
the independent auditors’ audit reports and audited unconsolidated BRSA Financial Statements of the 
Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021.
The BRSA Financial Statements along with the accompanying independent auditors’ audit reports incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus, all of which are in English, were prepared as convenience translations 
of the originally issued Turkish language BRSA Financial Statements (which translations the Issuer confirms 
were direct and accurate) and Turkish language independent auditors’ audit and review reports.
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are available on the Issuer’s website at 
the following links:
(a)
the independent auditors’ audit reports and audited consolidated BRSA Financial Statements of the 
Group as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021 (https://www.tskb.com.tr/uploads/file/4704-1-
tskb-31122021-konsolide-rapor-eng.pdf), 2022 (https://www.tskb.com.tr/uploads/file/december-2022-
consolidated-audit-report.pdf) and 2023 (tskb.com.tr/uploads/file/december-2023-consolidated-report-
1.pdf);
(b)
the independent auditors’ audit reports and audited unconsolidated BRSA Financial Statements of the 
Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021 (https://www.tskb.com.tr/uploads/file/4704-1-
tskb-31122021-solo-rapor-eng.pdf), 2022 (https://www.tskb.com.tr/uploads/file/december-2022-audit-
report.pdf) and 2023 (tskb.com.tr/uploads/file/december-2023-audit-report.pdf); and
(c)
the term and conditions set out on pages 87 to 126 of the base prospectus dated 2 March 2023 relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
under 
the 
heading 
"Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Notes" 
(https://www.tskb.com.tr/uploads/file/tskb-2023-update-final-base-prospectus-2-march-2023.pdf).
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to above are either irrelevant to an investor or covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus do not (and shall not be deemed to) form part of this Base 
Prospectus.
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes, which 
supplement will be approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, all in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.
The contents of any website referenced in this Base Prospectus do not form part of (and are not incorporated 
into) this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 59 ---
59
OVERVIEW OF THE BANK
The following overview should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the detailed 
information appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including the BRSA Financial Statements. 
Prospective investors should see “Risk Factors” above for a discussion of certain factors that should be 
considered in connection with an investment in the Notes (or beneficial interests therein).
Overview
The Bank is a Turkish banking institution organised as a joint stock company under the Turkish Commercial 
Code (No. 6102). The Bank is the first privately owned development and investment bank in Türkiye and, as 
of 31 December 2022, held a 14.1 per cent. share of the total assets among Turkish development and investment 
banks according to the BAT. The Bank, largely in cooperation with DFIs, is principally involved in promoting 
the development of the Turkish economy by providing long-term funds for the domestic and international 
investments of Turkish companies, primarily through foreign currency-denominated loans. As well as 
supporting private sector investments (mostly in industrial sectors), part of the Bank’s original and continuing 
mandate and strategy is to assist domestic and foreign capital owners to finance the development of new 
businesses in Türkiye and to contribute to improvements in Turkish capital markets.
The Group is also involved in capital market brokerage services, portfolio management and corporate finance 
advisory services. The Group’s investment banking activities include advisory services for public offerings, 
bond issuances and mergers and acquisitions. The Group’s strategic advisory activities include providing 
company appraisal services, feasibility studies and restructuring services. The Group also provides advisory 
services to domestic and foreign corporations, including locating strategic or financial partners and advising on 
company mergers and privatisations. The Bank operates in three main business segments: (a) Corporate 
Banking, which includes the Project Finance and Corporate Marketing departments, (b) Investment Banking 
and (c) Advisory Services. The Bank has one branch in Ankara, as well as its principal İstanbul office.
The Bank is the first Turkish-owned bank certified to ISO 14001 (the International Organisation for 
Standardisation’s certificate for Environment Management Systems) based upon its environmental management 
system. The Bank’s dedication to sustainability dates back to 1980, when it introduced environmental standards 
in its credit evaluation process. In 2005, the Bank developed its own Environmental and Social Risk Evaluation 
tool in order to rate projects irrespective of sector or loan size. The Bank has extended a large portfolio of loans 
to energy efficiency, resource efficiency and various types of renewable energy projects; however, the Bank is 
focused on further diversifying its loan portfolio. With its numerous environmental and renewable-energy 
related projects, the Bank is also the first and only Turkish bank to be granted the “Financial Times Sustainable 
Emerging Markets Bank of the Year” award for Eastern Europe.
In 2023, TSKB won the “Low Carbon Heroes Award” from the Sustainable Production and Consumption 
Association (SÜT-D), was selected as the “Local Currency Debt House of the Year” by Bonds, Loans & ESG 
Capital Markets CEE, CIS & Türkiye Awards, and was awarded the “100th Year Communication Projects 
Category” award by PR Felis. Also in 2023, TSKB was awarded “Best Advance in Coaching and Mentoring”, 
“Best Advance in Talent Acquisition Process” and “Best Benefits, Wellness and Well-Being Program” awards 
by Brandon Hall Excellence and was selected as “Türkiye's Best Bank in the Field of Sustainable Development” 
and “Türkiye's Best Corporate Sustainability Strategy” at the Global Banking and Finance Awards.
As of 31 December 2023, the Group had total assets of TL 180.9 billion, an increase of 53.8 per cent. from TL 
117.6 billion as of 31 December 2022, which was an increase of 37.0 per cent. from TL 86.1 billion as of 31 
December 2021. As of 31 December 2023, the Group had total shareholders’ equity of TL 21.8 billion, an 
increase of 68.0 per cent. from TL 12.9 billion as of 31 December 2022, which was an increase of 85.0 per cent.

--- Page 60 ---
60
from TL 7.0 billion as of 31 December 2021. As of 31 December 2023, sustainable development goal (SDG) 
linked loans accounted for 90.0 per cent. of the Group’s total loan portfolio.
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s net profit was TL 7,150 million, a 74.2 per cent. increase 
from TL 4,105 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the 
Group’s net profit was TL 4,105 million, an. increase from TL 1,097 million for the year ended 31 December 
2021. For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s net interest income was TL 10,709 million, a 55.9 
per cent. increase from TL 6,871 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. For the year ended 31 December 
2022, the Group’s net interest income was TL 6,871 million, a 137.1 per cent. increase from TL 2,898 million 
for the year ended 31 December 2021. The Group’s total operating income was TL 3,935 million in 2021, TL 
8,730 million in 2022 and TL 14,240 million in 2023, while its net period profit from continuing operations 
was TL 1,097 million in 2021, TL 4,105 million in 2022 and TL 7,150 million in 2023. As of 31 December 
2023, the Group’s reported total capital adequacy ratio was 26.0 per cent. and its Tier I capital adequacy ratio 
was 24.8 per cent., both as calculated in accordance with BRSA. As of the same date, the Group’s shareholders’ 
equity was TL 21.8 million, its liquid asset ratio (being the total amount of cash and balances with the CBRT, 
banks, financial assets at fair value through profit and loss, financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income and financial assets measured at amortised cost divided by the Group’s total assets) was 
15.3 per cent. The Group’s net operating income was TL 1,359 million in 2021, TL 4,739 million in 2022 and 
TL 8,493 million in 2023.
The Bank’s shares have been quoted on the BİST since 1986. As of 31 December 2023, 51.4 per cent. of the 
Bank’s shares were held by the İşbank Group (47.7 per cent. held directly by İşbank with the remainder held 
through its subsidiaries, comprising 1.9 per cent. held by Milli Reasürans, 0.9 per cent. by Anadolu Sigorta, 8.4 
per cent. of the shares were held by Vakıfbank and 40.2 per cent. held by others.
Strengths
The Bank’s management believes that the Group has a number of key strengths that enable it to compete 
effectively in the Turkish banking sector, including:

Strong relationships with the World Bank and other DFIs;

Relationship with İşbank which provides access to significant expertise;

Strong capital structure with conservative match-funding policy;

Recognised and trusted banking brand in Türkiye;

Diversified loan portfolio;

Prudent risk management;

Independent process for appraising projects;

Strong focus on employee training and development; highly skilled workforce;

High standards of corporate governance and business ethics; and

The Bank’s regulatory burden is lower than that of its universal banking competitors.
See “Business of the Group – Overview – Strengths” for further details on the strengths of the Group.

--- Page 61 ---
61
Strategy
The Bank’s overall strategic goal is to create value for the inclusive sustainable development of Türkiye through 
the financing and consultancy solutions powered by experience in development and investment banking. It 
intends to achieve this goal by continuing to implement the following key strategies:

Supporting sustainable development;

Providing entrepreneurs with money and capital market brokerage and advisory support;

Sustaining asset quality and avoiding risky loans;

Maintaining access to medium and long-term funding from DFIs;

Boosting the Bank’s fee and commission income; and

Continuing to attract and develop talent.
See “Business of the Group – Overview – Strategy” for further details on the strategy of the Group.

--- Page 62 ---
62
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the applicable Final Terms. This overview only relates to the terms and conditions of the Notes as set 
out in this Base Prospectus.
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the 
same meanings in this overview.
Issuer
Türkiye Sınai Kalkınma Bankası A.Ş.
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)
549300MFCXK5HOOEWP84
Risk Factors
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
These are set out under “Risk Factors” and include risks relating 
to the Group and its business, the Group’s relationship with the 
Issuer’s principal shareholders, Türkiye and the Turkish banking 
industry. In addition, there are certain factors which are material 
for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme. These are set out under “Risk 
Factors” and include certain risks relating to the structure of 
particular Series of Notes and certain market risks.
Description
Global Medium Term Note Programme
Arrangers
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Dealers
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank P.J.S.C.
Arab Banking Corporation (B.S.C.)
BNP Paribas
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
ING Bank N.V.
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited
Société Générale
Standard Chartered Bank
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.
Certain Restrictions
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”) including the below restrictions applicable at the 
date of this Base Prospectus.
Fiscal Agent
Citibank, N.A., London Branch

--- Page 63 ---
63
Programme Size
Up to U.S.$2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement.
Distribution
Notes may be distributed by way of private or (other than in the 
United States) public placement and in each case on a syndicated 
or non-syndicated basis.
Currencies
Notes may be denominated and payments in respect of the Notes 
may be made in Euro, Sterling, U.S. Dollars, Turkish Lira or, 
subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, 
and as set out in the Conditions and specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.
Each payment in respect of Notes denominated in Turkish Lira 
and held other than through DTC may be made in U.S. Dollars 
under Condition 7.8 if an irrevocable election to receive such 
payment in U.S. Dollars is made. See “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes – Condition 7.8”.
In the case of Notes held through DTC and denominated in a 
Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars, payments will be 
made in U.S. Dollars unless the participant in DTC with an 
interest in such Notes has elected to receive any part of such 
payment in that Specified Currency. See “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes – Condition 7.9”.
Maturities
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency.
Issue Price
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par.
Form of Notes
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as described 
in “Form of the Notes”. Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa.
Fixed Rate Notes
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and, on 
redemption, will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.
Floating Rate Notes
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:
(a)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006

--- Page 64 ---
64
ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series);
(b)
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or
(c)
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer.
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes.
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Zero Coupon Notes
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest.
Benchmark Discontinuation
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event for a Series of Floating 
Rate Notes, the Issuer may (subject to certain conditions and 
following consultation with an Independent Adviser) determine 
a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate together, in 
either case, with the applicable Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 6.7.
Redemption
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or as a result of an acceleration due to 
an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to 
the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or 
dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or 
prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Denomination of Notes
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, and save that (i) 
the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on 
a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a 
Member State of the EEA or in the UK in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus

--- Page 65 ---
65
Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation (as applicable) will 
be not less than €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency 
as of the applicable Issue Date); and (ii) unless otherwise 
permitted by applicable laws and regulations, Notes which have 
a maturity of less than one year will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
Taxation
All payments in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature (“Taxes”), imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction, unless the 
withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will (subject to certain exceptions) pay such 
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes, after such 
withholding or deduction, will equal the respective amounts that 
would have been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence 
of the withholding or deduction, as described under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Condition 9”. See also “Taxation – 
Certain Turkish Tax Consideration”.
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach to FATCA and, in 
accordance with Condition 9.1, no additional amount will be 
payable by the Issuer in respect of any such withholding or 
deduction.
Negative Pledge
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision, 
as further described in Condition 4.
Certain Covenants
The Issuer will agree to certain covenants, including covenants 
limiting transactions with affiliates, as further described in 
Condition 5.
Events of Default
The Notes will be subject to certain events of default, including 
(among others) non-payment, breach of obligations, cross-
acceleration and certain bankruptcy and insolvency events. See 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 11”.
Status of the Notes
The Notes will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and (subject as provided above) will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves, with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to 
the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors’ 
rights.
Rating
Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated “B3” 
(for long-term issuances) and “NP” (for short-term issuances) by

--- Page 66 ---
66
Moody’s. Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme 
by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.
ERISA
Subject to certain conditions, the Notes may be invested in with 
the assets of an “employee benefit plan” as defined in and subject 
to Part 4 of Subtitle B of Title I of the United States Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
(“ERISA”) a “plan” as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of 
the Code, or any entity whose underlying assets include “plan 
assets” of any of the foregoing. See “Certain Considerations for 
ERISA and other U.S. Employee Benefit Plans”.
Listing and admission to trading
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued 
under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on the Regulated Market, however, no assurance 
can be given that any such application will be accepted.
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued.
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets.
Governing Law
The Notes and the Agency Agreement and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes or the 
Agency Agreement are or will be (as applicable) governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.
Selling Restrictions
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in Türkiye, the UK, the United States, the EEA, Japan, the 
Kingdom of Bahrain, Hong Kong, Switzerland, Singapore and 
Thailand, and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes; see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”.
United States Selling Restrictions
Regulation S (Category 2) and Rule 144A. Bearer Notes will be 
issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) 
(“TEFRA D”), unless (i) the applicable Final Terms states that

--- Page 67 ---
67
such Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA C”) or (ii) the Bearer Notes 
are issued other than in circumstances under which the Bearer 
Notes will not constitute “registration required obligations” 
under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act 
of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in 
the applicable Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is 
not applicable. Such rules impose certain additional restrictions 
on transfers of Bearer Notes.

--- Page 68 ---
68
FORM OF THE NOTES
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States to non-U.S. 
persons in reliance on Regulation S and Registered Notes will be issued both in “offshore transactions” to non-
U.S. persons in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S (“Regulation S Notes”) 
or to persons reasonably believed to be QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A (“Rule 144A Notes”).
Bearer Notes
Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S and each 
Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a “Temporary Bearer 
Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a “Permanent Bearer 
Global Note” and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a “Bearer Global Note”) which, in 
either case, will:
(a)
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and
(b)
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs 
will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been 
received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Fiscal Agent.
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States 
and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer 
Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the

--- Page 69 ---
69
Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in 
a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused.
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification.
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Temporary Bearer Global Note or a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where 
applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached if an Exchange Event occurs. For these purposes, 
“Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 11) has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, whether statutory or otherwise) 
or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing 
system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences that would not be 
suffered were the Notes represented by a Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form and the Issuer has 
elected to request the exchange of the Permanent Bearer Global Note. The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event specified in (i) or (ii) of the definition of Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the common depositary or the common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent 
Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Fiscal Agent.
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes or Bearer 
Notes issued in compliance with TEFRA C) which have an original maturity of more than one year and on all 
receipts, interest coupons and talons relating to such Notes:
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.”
The sections of the Code referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts, interest coupons or talons and will not be entitled to capital 
gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such 
Notes, receipts or interest coupons.
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.
Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depositary or other 
institution for the purposes of their immobilization in accordance with article 4 of the Belgian law of December 
14, 2005.
Registered Notes
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S in offshore transactions to 
persons other than U.S. persons will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a “Regulation 
S Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, by a registered note in definitive form (a

--- Page 70 ---
70
“Definitive Regulation S Registered Note”). Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined 
in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, Registered Notes offered and sold in reliance on 
Regulation S (including Definitive Regulation S Registered Notes) or beneficial interests therein may not be 
offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in Condition 2 and 
such beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note (including one held by DTC or its nominee) may not be 
held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Notes will bear a legend regarding 
such restrictions on transfer.
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons may only be offered and sold by the Issuer or any person acting on its behalf in transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act to QIBs in reliance on, and compliance with, 
Rule 144A. Rule 144A Notes will be represented by a global note in registered form (a “Rule 144A Global 
Note” and together with a Regulation S Global Note, each a “Registered Global Note”). The Registered Global 
Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions.
Registered Global Notes will either be (i) deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of, the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or (ii) deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered 
Notes are to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure (“NSS”), a common safekeeper, as the case may be, 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a nominee of that common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial 
interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances 
described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form.
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are to be held under the NSS, the applicable 
Final Terms will also indicate whether such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their 
life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common 
Safekeeper for registered Global Notes to be held under the NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 7.4) 
as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes on the relevant Record Date. None of the Issuer, any 
Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to 
or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or 
for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. Payments 
of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date 
(as defined in Condition 7.4) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that 
Condition.
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached if an Exchange Event occurs. For these 
purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (a) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) in the case 
of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or 
unable to continue to act as depositary for the Notes and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has 
ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and no alternative clearing system is 
available, (c) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear

--- Page 71 ---
71
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any 
such case, no successor clearing system is available or (d) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences that would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive 
form and the Issuer has elected to request the exchange of the Registered Global Note. The Issuer will promptly 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on 
their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give 
notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described in (d) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange 
shall occur not later than ten days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar.
Transfer of Interests
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be transferred 
to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note. No beneficial owner of an 
interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance with the 
applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. 
The Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions (see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”).
General
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Fiscal Agent 
shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes but is to be consolidated with such existing Tranche on a date after the Issue Date of 
the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where 
applicable, a CFI, FISN, CUSIP and CINS number which are different from the common code, ISIN, CFI, 
FISN, CUSIP and CINS (as applicable) assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such 
time as the further Tranche is so consolidated, which shall not be prior to the expiry of any applicable 
distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of 
such further Tranche.
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 11. In such 
circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) 
has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the 
amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then, from 8.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such day, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly 
against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
DTC on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 17 July 2019 and 
executed by the Issuer. In addition, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with DTC 
may require DTC to deliver definitive Notes in registered form in exchange for their interest in such Global 
Note in accordance with DTC’s standard operating procedures.
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus,

--- Page 72 ---
72
if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such 
Notes.

--- Page 73 ---
73
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme.
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]3
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason. 
2   Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason. 
3 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if one or more of the Managers/Dealer in relation to the Notes is a MiFID regulated entity.

--- Page 74 ---
74
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[EUWA]] [UK MiFIR]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)]/[distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
OF SINGAPORE – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as 
modified or amended from time to time) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes to 
be capital markets products other than ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018).]
[Date]
TÜRKİYE SINAİ KALKINMA BANKASI A.Ş.
Legal Entity Identifier: 549300MFCXK5HOOEWP84
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the “Notes”)
under the U.S.$2,000,000,000
Global Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 12 March 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] 
[which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base 
Prospectus”). [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus]4. Full information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin/bonds/list.
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.]
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 2 March 2023 which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus 
dated 12 March 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 12 March 2024 
[and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), including the Conditions incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
4
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 75 ---
75
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin/bonds/list.]
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.]
1
Issuer:
Türkiye Sınai Kalkınma Bankası A.Ş.
2
(a)
Series Number:
[●]
(b)
Tranche Number:
[●]
(c)
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series:
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Bearer Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 21 below, which is expected 
to occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable]
3
Specified Currency:
[●]
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(a)
Series:
[●]
(b)
Tranche:
[●]
5
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Tranche [plus accrued interest from [insert date] 
(if applicable)]
6
(a)
Specified Denomination(s):
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof]
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed in the 
case of Bearer Notes:
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”))
(b)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)
7
(a)
Issue Date:
[●]
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.)

--- Page 76 ---
76
8
Maturity Date:
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date [falling in][nearest to] [specify month 
and year]]
9
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[●] 
month 
[[currency]EURIBOR/ROBOR/PRIBOR/SIBOR/NI
BOR/WIBOR]] +/-[●] per cent. Floating Rate]
[Zero coupon]
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16] below)
10
Redemption[/Payment] Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount
11
Change of Interest Basis:
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [●], 
paragraph [14/15] below applies, and, for the period 
from (and including) [●] up to (and including) the 
Maturity 
Date, 
paragraph 
[14/15] 
below 
applies]/[Not Applicable][●]
12
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put]
[Issuer Call]
[Not Applicable]
[(see paragraph [17]/[18]/[19] below)]
13
(a)
Status of the Notes:
Senior
(b)
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[●] [Not Applicable] (N.B. Only relevant where 
Board (or similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular Tranche of Notes)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14
Fixed Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
[the/each] Interest Payment Date
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date/[specify other]
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons. In the case of Modified Fixed Rate Notes, 
insert regular interest payment dates and also 
complete paragraph (g) below as applicable. 
Paragraph (g) is not relevant to Fixed Rate Notes 
where Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are not 
subject to adjustment and either (a) a customary 
Following Business Day Convention is to apply in

--- Page 77 ---
77
accordance with Condition 7.6 to any date for 
payment that is not a Payment Business Day or (b) 
such payment dates are not otherwise to be subject to 
adjustment by reference to any other Business Day 
Convention.)
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s):
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable]
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form. 
Not applicable to Modified Fixed Rate 
Notes where Interest Periods and 
Interest 
Amounts 
are 
subject 
to 
adjustment)
(d)
Broken Amount(s):
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable]
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form. 
Not applicable to Modified Fixed Rate 
Notes where Interest Periods and 
Interest 
Amounts 
are 
subject 
to 
adjustment)
(e)
[Day Count Fraction:
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Modified 
Fixed Rate Notes)
(f)
[Determination Date(s):
[[●] in each year][Not Applicable]
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon)
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Modified 
Fixed Rate Notes)
(g)
Modified Fixed Rate Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(Modified Fixed Rate Notes are Fixed Rate Notes: (i) 
the terms of which provide for Interest Periods and 
Interest Amounts to be subject to adjustment or (ii) 
for which Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are 
not subject to adjustment but a specified Payment 
Business Day Convention is to apply to any date for 
payment that is not a Payment Business Day. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts subject to adjustment:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(ii)
Business Day Convention:
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/Not Applicable]

--- Page 78 ---
78
(Only applicable where Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are subject to adjustment)
(iii)
Specified Business Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable]
(Only applicable where Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are subject to adjustment. This paragraph 
relates to Interest Period end dates and not the date 
of payment to which sub-paragraph (vi) below 
relates)
(iv)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360] [Bond Basis]
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
(v)
Payment 
Business 
Day 
Convention:
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention][Not Applicable]
(Only applicable where Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are not subject to adjustment and a 
specified Business Day Convention is to apply to any 
date for payment that is not a Payment Business Day)
(vi)
Specified Financial Centres:
[●][Not Applicable]
(Only applicable if a Payment Business Day 
Convention is specified in sub-paragraph 14(g)(v), 
Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to which 
sub-paragraph (iii) above relates)
15
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates:
[●][, not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]
(Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest Payment 
Dates may not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention in the 
case of Modified Floating Rate Notes. In these 
circumstances only, paragraph (m) below will be 
applicable)
(b)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day

--- Page 79 ---
79
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]5
(Complete unless paragraph (m) below is applicable. 
See note to paragraph (a) above for guidance)
(c)
Specified Business Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable]6
(Note that this paragraph relates to Interest Period 
end dates and not the date of payment to which 
paragraph 22 relates. Complete unless paragraph 
(m) below is applicable. See note to paragraph (a) 
above for guidance)
(d)
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
is 
to 
be 
determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(e)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if 
not the Agent):
[[●] (the “Calculation Agent”)]/[Not Applicable]
(f)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

Reference Rate:
[●] month 
[[currency][EURIBOR/ROBOR/PRIBOR 
/SIBOR/NIBOR/WIBOR]

Specified Time:
[11.00 a.m.] [12.00 p.m.] [other]
(11.00 a.m. in the case of EURIBOR, ROBOR, 
PRIBOR, SIBOR and WIBOR and 12.00 p.m. in the 
case of NIBOR)

Relevant Financial Centre:
[London] [Brussels] [Bucharest] [İstanbul] [Prague] 
[Singapore] [Oslo] [Warsaw] [other]

Interest Determination Date(s):
[●]
(The second day on which the T2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, the 
second Bucharest business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if ROBOR, the second Prague 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period 
if PRIBOR, the second Singapore business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if SIBOR, the 
second Oslo business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if NIBOR and the second Warsaw 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period 
if WIBOR)

Relevant Screen Page:
[●]
5 
Only not applicable in the case of Modified Floating Rate Notes. 
6 
Only not applicable in the case of Modified Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 80 ---
80
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately)
(g)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

Floating Rate Option:
[●]

Designated Maturity:
[●]

Reset Date:
[●]
(In the case of a EURIBOR-based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period)
(h)
Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]
(i)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [●]% per annum
(j)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[[●]% per annum][Not Applicable]
(k)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[[●]% per annum][Not Applicable]
(l)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
(m) Modified Floating Rate Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(Modified Floating Rate Notes are Floating Rate 
Notes: (i) the terms of which provide that Interest 
Periods and Interest Amounts are not subject to 
adjustment as provided in the italicised directions for 
completing paragraph (a) and the paragraphs that 
follow above and (ii) for which a specified Payment 
Business Day Convention is to apply to any date for 
payment that is not a Payment Business Day. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Payment 
Business 
Day 
Convention:
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/Not Applicable]
(ii)
Specified Financial Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable]
16
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 81 ---
81
(a)
Accrual Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
(b)
Reference Price:
[●]
(c)
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts:
[30/360]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(c)
If redeemable in part:
(i)
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[●]
(ii)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●]
(d)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [●] days
Maximum period: [●] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which, in the case of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, require a minimum of five 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent)
18
Investor Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(c)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [●] days
Maximum period: [●] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which, in the case of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent)

--- Page 82 ---
82
19
Final Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
20
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default:
[●] per Calculation Amount
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
21
Form of Notes:
(a)
Form:
[Bearer Notes:]
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon an Exchange 
Event]
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date]
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event]
[Definitive Bearer Notes]
[Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depositary or 
other 
institution 
for 
the 
purpose 
of 
their 
immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the 
Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.]
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].”)
[Registered Notes:
[Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of 
a nominee for [DTC][a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg][a common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Registered Notes upon an Exchange Event]
[Rule 144A Global Note(s) registered in the name of 
a nominee for [DTC][a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg][a common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Registered Notes upon an Exchange Event]
[Definitive Regulation S Registered Note]

--- Page 83 ---
83
(b)
[New Global Note:
[Yes][No]]
22
Specified Financial Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the Interest Amount to 
which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates. Not applicable if 
sub-paragraphs 
14(g)(vi) 
or 
15(m)(ii) 
are 
completed)
23
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes:
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No]
24
Name and address of US Process Agent 
(Condition 19.6):
[[●] of [●]][Not Applicable]
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO TURKISH LIRA NOTES
25
USD Payment Election:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(Only applicable for Notes the Specified Currency of 
which is Turkish Lira)
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[[Relevant third party information,] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.
Signed on behalf of TÜRKİYE SINAİ KALKINMA BANKASI A.Ş.
By:
By:
Duly authorised
Duly authorised

--- Page 84 ---
84
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(a)
Listing and Admission to trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the official list and 
admitted to trading on the [[●] segment of/[●]] 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[●].]/[●]/[Not Applicable.]
(When documenting an issue of Notes that is to be 
consolidated and to form a single series with a 
previous issue, it should be indicated here that the 
original Notes are already listed and admitted to 
trading)
(b)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[●]
2
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]:
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined 
terms].
[Need to include (i) a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider; and (ii) disclosure of the status of 
registration of the relevant rating agency under the 
CRA Regulation [and the UK CRA Regulation].]
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers /Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer of the Notes. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and/or their [respective] affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
4
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)
Indication of yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.
5
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only)
Details of historic [[currency]EURIBOR/ROBOR/PRIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/WIBOR] rates can be 
obtained from [Reuters] at [●].

--- Page 85 ---
85
6
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(a)
ISIN:
[●][Not Applicable]
(b)
Common Code:
[●][Not Applicable]
(c)
CUSIP:
[●][Not Applicable]
(d)
CFI:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
(e)
FISN:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
(f)
Any clearing system(s) other than 
DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
(g)
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(h)
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[●][Not Applicable]
(i)
Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notices for the purposes of Condition 
15:
[Any notice delivered to Noteholders of Notes held 
through a clearing system will be deemed to have been 
given on the [first] [second] [business] day after the 
day on which it was given to the relevant clearing 
system.][Not Applicable]
(j)
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [or 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [or registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper]. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will

--- Page 86 ---
86
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]
(k)
Relevant Benchmark[s]:
[[EURIBOR][ROBOR][PRIBOR][SIBOR][NIBOR][W
IBOR] is provided by [[European Money Markets 
Institute][National Bank of Romania][Czech Financial 
Benchmark Facility][ABS Benchmarks Administration 
Co 
Pte 
Ltd][Norske 
Finansielle 
Referanser
AS][Warsaw Stock Exchange]]. As at the date hereof, 
[[European Money Markets Institute][National Bank 
of 
Romania][Czech 
Financial 
Benchmark 
Facility][ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte 
Ltd][Norske Finansielle Referanser AS][Warsaw Stock 
Exchange] [appears]/[does not appear]] in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks 
Regulation]/
[As far as the Bank is aware, as at the date hereof, 
[EURIBOR][ROBOR][PRIBOR][SIBOR][NIBOR][WI
BOR] does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation]/
[Not Applicable]
7
DISTRIBUTION
(a)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(b)
If syndicated, names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(c)
Date of [Subscription] Agreement:
[●]
(d)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(e)
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(f)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2][Rule 144A][Rules 
identical to those provided in [TEFRA C][TEFRA D] 
applicable][TEFRA not applicable]
(g)
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)
8
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
Reasons for the offer:
[●]
[The Notes are intended to be issued as Sustainable 
Notes [Green Bonds][Social Bonds][Sustainability 
Bonds]

--- Page 87 ---
87
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – 
if reasons for offer different from general corporate 
purposes, will need to include those reasons here.)
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 88 ---
88
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which, unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) or Investor(s) at the time of issue, will be incorporated by reference into, or attached to, each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time 
of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto 
such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed 
upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final 
Terms” and “Form of the Notes” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of 
such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes.
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Türkiye Sınai Kalkınma Bankası A.Ş. (the 
“Issuer”) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below).
References herein to the “Notes” shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be references to the Notes of this 
Series and shall mean:
(a)
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency;
(b)
any Global Note;
(c)
any definitive Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and
(d)
any definitive Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form).
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement 
dated 12 March 2024 (such agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the “Agency Agreement”) and made among the Issuer, Citibank N.A., London Branch as fiscal and 
principal paying agent and exchange agent (the “Fiscal Agent” and the “Exchange Agent”, which expression 
shall, in each case, include any successor fiscal agent and exchange agent) and the other paying agents named 
therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or 
successor paying agents), Citibank N.A., London Branch as transfer agent (together with the Registrar (as 
defined below), the “Transfer Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer 
agent) and Citibank Europe Plc as registrar (the “Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor 
registrar).
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on this Note, which complete these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”). References to the 
“applicable Final Terms” are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or 
endorsed on this Note. The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended).
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will also appoint a calculation agent with respect to a 
Series of Notes (the “Calculation Agent”, which expression shall include any successor calculation agent and 
any other calculation agent specified in such Final Terms).
Interest-bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive bearer form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context

--- Page 89 ---
89
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes do 
not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue.
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference 
herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons.
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes (a) 
which are expressed in the applicable Final Terms to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) the terms 
and conditions of which are identical in all respects except for their respective Issue Dates, (unless this is a Zero 
Coupon Note) Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices.
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant (such deed of covenant 
as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 17 July 
2019 and made by the Issuer. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, a deed poll (such deed poll as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the “Deed Poll”) dated 17 July 2019 and made by the Issuer and the Deed of Covenant are 
available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Fiscal Agent, the 
Registrar and the other Paying Agents, the Exchange Agent and the other Transfer Agents (such agents and the 
Registrar being together referred to as the “Agents”). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) the applicable Final 
Terms will be published on the Issuer’s website (http://www.tskb.com.tr). If this Note is neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable 
Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed Poll, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which 
are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement.
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail.
In the Conditions, “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.
1
Form, Denomination and Title
1.1
Form and denomination
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and serially 
numbered in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes 
may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. The Notes are issued pursuant to the Turkish 
Commercial Code (Law No. 6102), the Capital Markets Law (Law No. 6362) of Türkiye, the

--- Page 90 ---
90
Communiqué No. VII-128.8 on Debt Instruments of the Turkish Capital Markets Board (in Turkish: 
Sermaye Piyasası Kurulu) (the “CMB”) and (where applicable) the Green Debt Instruments, Sustainable 
Debt Instruments, Green Lease Certificates and Sustainable Lease Certificates Guide published by the 
CMB on 24 February 2022.
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached unless they are Zero Coupon Notes, in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable.
1.2
Title
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the 
bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute 
owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, trust or any other 
interest or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case 
of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next two succeeding paragraphs.
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note deposited with and, in the case of a 
Registered Global Note, registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary or a common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) 
who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder 
of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued 
by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) 
shall upon their receipt of such certificate or other document be treated by the Issuer and the Agents as 
the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes and the bearer or registered holder of such Global Note 
shall be deemed not to be the holder for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal 
or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer 
Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer 
and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to 
the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly.
For so long as the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or its nominee is the registered owner or holder 
of a Registered Global Note, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole 
owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Registered Global Note for all purposes under the 
Agency Agreement and the Notes except to the extent that in accordance with DTC’s published rules 
and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through 
participants.
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 91 ---
91
2
Transfers of Registered Notes
2.1
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes of the same Series in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same Series, in each case only in the 
Specified Denomination(s) (and provided that the aggregate nominal amount of any balance of such 
beneficial interest of the transferor not so transferred is an amount of at least the Specified 
Denomination) and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of 
DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and 
conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. Transfers of a Registered Global Note registered in the 
name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Registered Global Note, in whole but 
not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor’s nominee.
2.2
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in 
definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the 
applicable Final Terms) (and provided that, if transferred in part, the aggregate nominal amount of the 
balance of that Registered Note not so transferred is an amount of at least the Specified Denomination). 
In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for 
registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the 
specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or 
holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and 
deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant 
Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the 
identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable 
regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations 
being set out in Schedule 10 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer 
Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business 
in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of its receipt of such 
request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or 
regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office 
to the transferee or (if so requested by the specified transferee and at the risk of such transferee), send 
by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive 
form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered 
Note) being transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, 
a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred 
will be so authenticated and delivered or (if so requested by the transferor and at the risk of the transferor) 
sent by uninsured mail to the transferor. No transfer of a Registered Note will be valid unless and until 
entered in the Register.
2.3
Costs of registration
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided in this Condition 2, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer and/or any Agent may require the payment of a sum sufficient

--- Page 92 ---
92
to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration and/or transfer.
3
Status of the Notes
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject as provided above) rank and will rank pari passu, 
without any preference among themselves, with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by applicable laws 
relating to creditors’ rights.
4
Negative Pledge
4.1
Negative Pledge
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or have outstanding any 
mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a “Security Interest”) upon, or with 
respect to, any of its present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled 
capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness, unless the Issuer, in the case of the creation of a Security 
Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary 
to ensure that:
(a)
all amounts payable by it under the Notes are secured by the Security Interest equally and 
rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness;
(b)
such Security Interest is terminated;
(c)
such other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a Security Interest) is 
provided for the benefit of the Noteholders as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Noteholders; or
(d)
such Security Interest is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders.
Nothing in this Condition 4.1 shall prevent the Issuer from creating or permitting to subsist any Security 
Interest upon, or with respect to, any present or future assets or revenues or any part thereof which is 
created pursuant to: (i) a bond, note or other indebtedness whereby the payment obligations are secured 
by a segregated pool of assets (whether held by the Issuer or any third party guarantor) (any such bond, 
note or other indebtedness, a “Covered Bond”), or (ii) any securitisation of receivables or other payment 
rights, asset-backed financing or similar financing structure (created in accordance with normal market 
practice) and whereby all payment obligations secured by such Security Interest or having the benefit of 
such Security Interest are to be discharged principally from such assets or revenues (or in the case of 
Direct Recourse Securities, by direct unsecured recourse to the Issuer); provided that the aggregate then-
existing balance sheet value of assets or revenues subject to any Security Interest created in respect of: 
(A) Covered Bonds that are Relevant Indebtedness and (B) any other secured Relevant Indebtedness 
(other than Direct Recourse Securities) of the Issuer, when added to the nominal amount of any 
outstanding Direct Recourse Securities that are Relevant Indebtedness, does not, at the time of the 
incurrence thereof, exceed 15 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer (as shown in the 
most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA 
Principles).

--- Page 93 ---
93
4.2
Interpretation
For the purposes of these Conditions:
“BRSA” means the Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency (in Turkish: Bankacılık Düzenleme ve 
Denetleme Kurumu);
“BRSA Principles” means collectively the regulation on “The Procedures and Principles Regarding 
Banks’ Accounting Practices and Maintaining Documents” published in the Official Gazette dated 1 
November 2006 and numbered 26333, Turkish Accounting Standards and Turkish Financial Reporting 
Standards issued by the Turkish Accounting Standards Board, and the additional notes and explanations 
related thereto, and other regulations, circulars, communiqués and pronouncements in respect of 
accounting and financial reporting made by the BRSA;
“Direct Recourse Securities” means securities (other than Covered Bonds) issued in connection with 
any securitisation of receivables or other payment rights, asset-backed financing or similar financing 
structure (created in accordance with normal market practice) and whereby all payment obligations 
secured by a Security Interest or having the benefit of a Security Interest are to be discharged principally 
from such assets or revenues, or by direct unsecured recourse to the Issuer; and
“Relevant Indebtedness” means: (a) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, 
loan stock or other securities which are for the time being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any 
stock exchange, over-the-counter or other organised securities market and having a maturity in excess 
of 365 days or any loan disbursed to the Issuer as a borrower under a loan participation note or similar 
transaction and (b) any guarantee or indemnity of any such indebtedness.
5
Covenants
5.1
Maintenance of Authorisations
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer shall take all necessary action to maintain, 
obtain and promptly renew, and do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to ensure the 
continuance of, all consents, permissions, licences, approvals and authorisations, and make or cause to 
be made all registrations, recordings and filings, which may at any time be required to be obtained or 
made in the Republic of Türkiye (including, without limitation, with the CMB and the BRSA) for: (a) 
the execution, delivery or performance of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll 
and the Notes or for the validity or enforceability thereof, or (b) save to the extent any failure to do so 
does not and would not have a material adverse effect on: (i) the business, financial condition or results 
of operations of the Issuer or (ii) the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes, the 
conduct by it of the Permitted Business.
5.2
Transactions with Affiliates
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any of its 
Material Subsidiaries to, in any 12 month period: (a) make any payment to, (b) sell, lease, transfer or 
otherwise dispose of any of its properties, revenues or assets to, (c) purchase any properties, revenues or 
assets from or (d) enter into or make or amend any transaction, contract, agreement, understanding, loan, 
advance, indemnity or guarantee (whether related or not) with or for the benefit of, any Affiliate (each, 
an “Affiliate Transaction”) which Affiliate Transaction has (or, when taken together with any other 
Affiliate Transactions during such 12 month period, in the aggregate have) a value in excess of 
U.S.$10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) unless such Affiliate Transaction (and each

--- Page 94 ---
94
such other aggregated Affiliate Transaction) is on terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or the 
relevant Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Issuer 
or such Subsidiary with an unrelated Person.
5.3
Financial Reporting
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent for 
distribution to any Noteholder upon such Noteholder’s written request to the Fiscal Agent:
(a)
not later than six months after the end of each financial year of the Issuer, English language 
copies of the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements for such financial year, 
prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles, together with the corresponding financial 
statements for the preceding financial year, and all such annual financial statements of the 
Issuer shall be accompanied by the report of the auditors thereon; and
(b)
not later than four months after the end of the first six months of each financial year of the 
Issuer, English language copies of its unaudited consolidated financial statements for such 
six month period, prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles, together with the 
financial statements for the corresponding period of the previous financial year, and all 
such interim financial statements of the Issuer shall be accompanied by a review report of 
the auditors thereon.
5.4
Interpretation
For the purposes of these Conditions:
“Affiliate” means, in respect of any specified Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling 
or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person, and, in the case 
of a natural Person, any immediate family member of such Person. For purposes of this definition, 
control, as used with respect to any Person, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power 
to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the 
ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise and the terms controlling, controlled by and 
under common control with shall have corresponding meanings.
“Material Subsidiary” means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer:
(a)
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent (or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to 
which the then latest audited consolidated BRSA Principles financial statements of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated 
total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively 
by reference to the then latest audited BRSA Principles financial statements (consolidated 
or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; provided that: (i) in the case of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then 
latest audited consolidated BRSA Principles financial statements of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries relate or (ii) in the case of any such Subsidiary for which its then latest 
relevant audited accounts, at the time of such acquisition, are not prepared in accordance 
with BRSA Principles, the reference to the then latest audited consolidated BRSA 
Principles financial statements of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries and the relevant then latest 
audited BRSA Principles financial statements of such Subsidiary for the purposes of the 
calculation above shall, until consolidated or, as the case may be, BRSA Principles 
accounts for the financial period in which the acquisition is made have been prepared and

--- Page 95 ---
95
audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such consolidated BRSA Principles 
financial statements of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries as if such Subsidiary had been shown 
in those financial statements by reference to such Subsidiary’s then latest relevant audited 
accounts, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the Issuer (including to reflect a conversion 
of such accounts into BRSA Principles if the then latest relevant audited accounts of such 
Subsidiary were not prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles);
(b)
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets 
of a Subsidiary of the Issuer that immediately prior to such transfer is a Material 
Subsidiary; provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith 
cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall immediately become 
a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this sub-paragraph (b) but shall cease to be a Material 
Subsidiary on the date of publication of the Issuer’s next audited consolidated BRSA 
Principles financial statements unless it would then be a Material Subsidiary under sub-
paragraph (a) above; or
(c)
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets that, taken together with the undertaking 
or assets of the transferee Subsidiary, represent (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary 
being acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited 
consolidated BRSA Principles financial statements of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, 
are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole (calculated as set out in sub-paragraph (a) above); provided 
that the transferor Subsidiary (if a Material Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith 
cease to be a Material Subsidiary unless immediately following such transfer, its assets 
represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the 
consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole (all as 
calculated as set out in sub-paragraph (a) above), and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease 
to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this sub-paragraph (c) on the date of the publication 
of the Issuer’s next consolidated audited BRSA Principles financial statements, save that 
such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on 
or at any time after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and 
audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of sub-paragraph (a) above or, prior to or 
after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition.
A report by the auditors of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at 
any particular time a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on all parties.
“Permitted Business” means any business which is the same as or related, ancillary or complementary 
to any of the businesses of the Issuer on the Issue Date.
“Person” means: (a) any individual, company, unincorporated association, government, state agency, 
international organisation or other entity and (b) its successors and assigns.
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person, any company: (a) in which such Person holds a majority 
of the voting rights, (b) of which such Person is a member and has the right to appoint or remove a 
majority of the board of directors or (c) of which such Person is a member and controls a majority of the 
voting rights, and includes any company which is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary of such Person. In relation 
to the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, a Subsidiary shall also include any other Person 
that is (in accordance with BRSA Principles) consolidated with the Issuer.

--- Page 96 ---
96
6
Interest
6.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
This Condition 6.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contain provisions 
applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 
6.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, 
the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the 
Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, 
the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction, any applicable Determination Date and whether the 
provisions relating to Modified Fixed Rate Notes will be applicable.
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.
If the Notes are in definitive form, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect 
of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount, where a Fixed Coupon Amount 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Fixed Coupon Amount so specified; provided that the 
Interest Amount payable on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
amount to the Broken Amount so specified.
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount and (if 
applicable) a Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in 
respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to:
(a)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the 
Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or
(b)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rates Notes which are Registered 
Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer 
Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency 
(with half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with any other 
applicable market convention with the written consent of the Issuer). 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is 
greater than the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding.
If Modified Fixed Rate Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Interest Periods 
and Interest Amounts are specified as being subject to adjustment, a Business Day Convention shall also 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms and (where applicable) Interest Payment Dates shall be 
postponed or brought forward, as the case may be, in accordance with Condition 6.2(b) and the relevant

--- Page 97 ---
97
Interest Period and Interest Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period will 
be adjusted accordingly.
6.2
Interest on Floating Rate Notes
This Condition 6.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contain provisions 
applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 6.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes. 
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any 
Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any Specified 
Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation 
of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Fiscal Agent, the Margin, 
any maximum or minimum interest rates, the Day Count Fraction and whether the provisions relating to 
Modified Floating Rate Notes will be applicable. Where ISDA Determination applies to the calculation 
of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity and Reset Date. Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the 
applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Relevant Financial Centre, 
Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page.
(a)
Interest Payment Dates
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either:
(i)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or
(ii)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
“Interest Payment Date” for the purposes of such Floating Rate Note) which falls the 
number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.
(b)
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(i)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Fiscal 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if 
the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which:

--- Page 98 ---
98
(A)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
(B)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(C)
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms.
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions.
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero.
(ii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either:
(A)
the offered quotation; or
(B)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either 
EURIBOR, ROBOR, PRIBOR, SIBOR, NIBOR or WIBOR as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at the 
Specified Time in the Relevant Financial Centre on the Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations.
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date or, if the last preceding Interest Determination Date was the 
Interest Commencement Date, the initial Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes on such 
Interest Commencement Date, (though, in each case, substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period).
(c)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 99 ---
99
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.
(d)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period.
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the Interest Amount 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period (or any other relevant period) 
by applying the Rate of Interest to:
(i)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or
(ii)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is greater than the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding.
(e)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period; provided however that if there is no 
rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Fiscal 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate.
6.3
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
In the case of Floating Rate Notes and Modified Fixed Rate Notes where Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being subject to adjustment, the Fiscal Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest 
and, in either case, each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date

--- Page 100 ---
100
to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being 
listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which 
the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London.
6.4
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6, whether by the Fiscal 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent as applicable, the other Agents 
and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to 
the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions.
6.5
Accrual of interest
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption, unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of:
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note (or part thereof) have been paid; 
and
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice 
to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15.
6.6
Day Count Fraction and Business Day Convention
(a)
Day Count Fraction
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 6:
(i)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms:
(A)
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or

--- Page 101 ---
101
(B)
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:
(I)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and
(II)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year;
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date 
to but excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date);
(ii)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period or the Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided 
by 360, calculated as follows:
(A)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day 
months; and
(B)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
⌊360 × (Y2 – Y1)⌋ + ⌊30 × (M2 - M1)⌋ + (D2 – D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of such period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period 
falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of such period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of such period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in such period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30;
(iii)
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period or the Relevant Period, as the case may 
be, divided by 365 (or, if any portion of such period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the period falling in a leap year divided by 366

--- Page 102 ---
102
and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365);
(iv)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period or the Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 365;
(v)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period or the Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 365 or, 
in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;
(vi)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period or the Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360;
(vii)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period or the Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
⌊360 × (Y2 – Y1)⌋ + ⌊30 × (M2 - M1)⌋ + (D2 – D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of such period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period 
falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of such period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of such period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in such period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
and
(viii)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period or the Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360, calculated on 
a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
⌊360 × (Y2 – Y1)⌋ + ⌊30 × (M2 - M1)⌋ + (D2 – D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of such period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period 
falls;

--- Page 103 ---
103
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of such period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of such period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in such period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
(b)
Business Day Convention
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:
(i)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes where Specified Periods are specified in accordance 
with Condition 6.2 above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) 
in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month 
and the provisions of (C) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) 
above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (1) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (2) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or
(ii)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or
(iii)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or
(iv)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
6.7
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(a)
Independent Adviser
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part(s) thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with 
an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining 
a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.7(b)) and, 
in each case, an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 6.7(c)) and any other required 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6.7(d)).
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.7 shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Noteholders or the

--- Page 104 ---
104
Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.7.
(b)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6.2(b), if the Issuer, following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser pursuant to Condition 6.7(a) and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred and that:
(i)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 6.7(c)) shall subsequently be used in place 
of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.7); 
or
(ii)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
(as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 6.7(c)) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 6.7).
(c)
Adjustment Spread
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 6.7(b), the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner shall determine an Adjustment Spread which may be expressed 
as a specified quantum, or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and which Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero and shall be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination 
of the Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component(s) thereof) by reference to such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate, as applicable.
(d)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.7 and the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines: (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and/or, in each case, Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject 
to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6.7(e), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in 
such notice.
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.7(d), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.
(e)
Notices, etc.

--- Page 105 ---
105
Any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, and 
the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, each as determined under this Condition 6.7, 
will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.
Prior to any Benchmark Amendments taking effect and no later than notifying the Calculation 
Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Calculation Agent a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer:
(i)
confirming: (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (B) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate, (C) the applicable Adjustment Spread, and (D) where 
applicable, the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6.7; and
(ii)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread.
The Calculation Agent shall display such certificate at its offices for inspection by the 
Noteholders at all reasonable times during normal business hours.
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest 
error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, 
the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding upon the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders.
(f)
Survival of Original Reference Rate and Fallback Provisions
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under the provisions of this Condition 6.7, the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.2(b) will 
continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred and the Calculation Agent 
has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments, in each case, in accordance with Condition 
6.7(e).
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, no applicable Adjustment Spread is determined and 
notified to the Calculation Agent pursuant to this Condition 6.7, then the Original Reference Rate 
will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest 
Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.2(b) 
will (if applicable) continue to apply to such determination.
The preceding paragraph shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date only and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest 
Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 6.7.
(g)
Defined Terms
As used in this Condition 6.7:

--- Page 106 ---
106
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case, to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and which is the spread, formula or methodology 
that:
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body;
(ii)
in the case of a Successor Rate where no such formal recommendation as described in 
clause (i) above has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate the Issuer determines, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary 
market usage in international debt capital market transactions that reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or
(iii)
if the Issuer determines that neither (i) nor (ii) above applies, the Issuer, in its discretion, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate having regard to the 
objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or 
eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate that the Issuer 
determines in accordance with Condition 6.7(b) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest 
period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes;
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.7(d);
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:
(a)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered;
(b)
the later of: (i) the date of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it will, by a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances in which no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the 
date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (b)(i);
(c)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued;
(d)
the later of: (i) the date of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified 
date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (d)(i);

--- Page 107 ---
107
(e)
the later of: (i) the date of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used (either generally or in respect of the Notes) or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the 
date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (e)(i);
(f)
it has, or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to 
be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate; or
(g)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative 
or may no longer be used, in each case in circumstances where the same shall be applicable 
to the Notes;
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or, for any Series, such other entity specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Person responsible for the calculation of the Rate(s) of Interest and 
the Interest Amount(s);
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital markets 
appointed by the Issuer, at its own expense, under Condition 6.7(a);
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) on the 
Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (provided that if, following one or more 
Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate, the term “Original Reference Rate” shall include any such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate);
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate:
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority that is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate; or
(ii)
any working group or committee established, approved or sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of: (i) the central bank for the currency to which 
such Original Reference Rate relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
that is responsible for supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (iii) 
a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate that is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
6.8
Interpretation
In these Conditions:
“Business Day” means:

--- Page 108 ---
108
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Specified Business Centre (other than T2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;
(b)
if T2 System is specified as a Specified Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a 
day on which the T2 System is open; and
(c)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 System is open;
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest;
“Interest Period” means the period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date 
(or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or, as the case 
may be, first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date 
other than an Interest Payment Date;
“Reference Rate” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: (i) the Euro-zone 
interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”), (ii) the Romanian interbank offered rate (“ROBOR”), (iii) the 
Prague interbank offered rate (“PRIBOR”), (iv) the Singapore interbank offered rate (“SIBOR”), (v) 
the Norwegian interbank offered rate (“NIBOR”) or (vi) the Warsaw interbank offered rate (“WIBOR”);
“Relevant Period” means the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if 
none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date;
“Specified Time” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: (i) 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, Romanian time, in the case of a 
determination of ROBOR, Prague time, in the case of a determination of PRIBOR, Singapore time, in 
the case of a determination of SIBOR and Warsaw time, in the case of a determination of WIBOR), and 
(ii) 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time, in the case of a determination of NIBOR);
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent.; and
“T2 System” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor 
system.
7
Payments
7.1
Method of payment
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (or any account to which such Specified Currency may be 
credited or transferred) maintained by the payee, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such 
Specified Currency drawn on a bank in any country in which the Specified Currency constitutes legal 
tender from time to time.
Payments in respect of principal and interest on the Notes will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or 
other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 9.

--- Page 109 ---
109
7.2
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions to the contrary, payments of principal in respect 
of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 
7.1 only against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, presentation and endorsement) 
of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject 
as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the applicable Coupon(s), in each case at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United 
States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)).
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which 
the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the 
same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum 
due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the 
expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 10) or, if later, five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof.
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which 
on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable 
thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on 
which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid thereon after that date is less than the 
nominal amount of such Note.
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Bearer Note.
7.3
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer 
form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified in Condition 7.2 in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where 
applicable against surrender or, as the case may be, presentation and endorsement, of such Global Note 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such 
Global Note either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.

--- Page 110 ---
110
7.4
Payments in respect of Registered Notes
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, presentation and endorsement) of the 
Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will 
be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of 
joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar outside of the United Kingdom (the “Register”) at (i) where in global form, 
the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) in all other cases, the close of 
business on the 15th day (or, if such 15th day is not a day on which banks are open for business in the city 
where the specified office of the Registrar is located, the first such day prior to such 15th day) before the 
relevant due date (in each case, the “Record Date”). Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (a) a 
holder does not have a Designated Account or (b) the principal amount of the Notes held by a holder is 
less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment may 
instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). 
For these purposes, “Designated Account” means the account maintained by a holder with a Designated 
Bank and identified as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” means any bank which processes 
payments in such Specified Currency.
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by 
a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the 
business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the 
relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in 
the Register at the close of business on the relevant Record Date at the address of such holder shown in 
the Register on such Record Date and at that holder’s risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified 
office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the 
payment will be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. 
Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than 
interest due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who 
has made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by 
such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be made 
in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note.
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in accordance 
with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to such holders by any Agent in respect of any payments of principal or interest 
in respect of the Registered Notes, save as provided in Condition 7.9.
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in respect 
of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars shall be paid by transfer by the 
Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or 
its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. Dollars in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement and Condition 7.9.
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests.

--- Page 111 ---
111
7.5
General provisions applicable to payments
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, as the beneficial holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for such person’s share of each payment so made 
by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. Dollars, such U.S. Dollar payments of principal and/or interest 
in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if:
(a)
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. Dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due;
(b)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. Dollars; 
and
(c)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.
7.6
Payment Business Day
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Business Day in the 
relevant place (except in the case of Modified Fixed Rate Notes and Modified Floating Rate Notes where 
a Payment Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case, such 
holder will be entitled to payment on the Payment Business Day in the relevant place as determined in 
accordance with the Payment Business Day Convention so specified) and, in any such case, shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.
For these purposes, “Payment Business Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 10) is:
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in:
(i)
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; and
(ii)
each Specified Financial Centre (if any) (other than T2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;
(b)
if T2 System is specified as a Specified Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a 
day on which the T2 System is open;
(c)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in

--- Page 112 ---
112
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency, or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 System is open; and
(d)
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated in a 
Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its 
nominee and in respect of which a participant in DTC (with an interest in such Registered 
Global Note) has not elected in accordance with Condition 7.9 to receive any part of such 
payment in that Specified Currency, a day on which commercial banks are not authorised 
or required by law or regulation to be closed in New York City.
“Payment Business Day Convention” means, if the Payment Business Day Convention is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the:
(a)
Following Business Day Convention, the next following Payment Business Day;
(b)
Modified Following Business Day Convention, the next day which is a Payment Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the holder 
shall be entitled to such payment at the place of presentation on the immediately preceding 
Payment Business Day; or
(c)
Preceding Business Day Convention, the immediately preceding Payment Business Day.
7.7
Interpretation of principal and interest
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable:
(a)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
9;
(b)
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(c)
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(d)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and
(e)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes.
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 9.
7.8
U.S. Dollar exchange and payments on Turkish Lira-denominated Notes held other than through 
DTC
(a)
If “USD Payment Election” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Specified Currency is Turkish Lira and interests in the Notes are not represented by a 
Registered Global Note registered in the name of DTC or its nominee, then a Noteholder 
(in the case of a Series of Notes in registered form, as of the applicable Record Date) may, 
not more than 10 and not less than five Business Days before the due date (the “Relevant 
Payment Date”) for the next payment of interest and/or principal on a Note (such period, 
the “USD Election Period”), give an irrevocable election to any Agent to receive such 
payment in U.S. Dollars instead of Turkish Lira (each, a “USD Payment Election”). Each 
Agent to which such an election is given shall notify the Fiscal Agent on the Business Day 
following each USD Election Period of the USD Payment Elections made by the

--- Page 113 ---
113
Noteholders during such USD Election Period and upon its receipt of such notification the 
Fiscal Agent shall notify the Exchange Agent of the total amount of Turkish Lira (the 
“Lira Amount”) to be paid by the Issuer in respect of the Notes the subject of such USD 
Payment Elections and which is to be converted into U.S. Dollars and paid to the holders 
of such Notes on the Relevant Payment Date in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 7.8 and Clause 7 of the Agency Agreement.
Each USD Payment Election of a Noteholder will be made only in respect of the immediately 
following payment of interest and/or principal on the Notes the subject of such USD Payment 
Election and, unless a USD Payment Election is given in respect of each subsequent payment of 
interest and principal on those Notes, such payments will be made in Turkish Lira.
(b)
Upon receipt of the Lira Amount from the Issuer and by no later than 11.00 a.m. (London 
time) on the Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal Agent shall transfer the Lira Amount to 
the Exchange Agent, which shall purchase U.S. Dollars with the Lira Amount for 
settlement on the Relevant Payment Date at a purchase price calculated on the basis of its 
own internal foreign exchange conversion procedures, which conversion shall be 
conducted in a commercially reasonable manner and on a similar basis to that which the 
Exchange Agent would use to effect such conversion for its customers (such rate, taking 
into account any spread, fees, commission or charges on foreign exchange transactions 
customarily charged by it in connection with such conversions, the “Applicable 
Exchange Rate”). In no event shall any Agent be liable to any Noteholder, the Issuer or 
any third party for the conversion rate so used.
The Issuer’s obligation to make payments on Notes the Specified Currency of which is Turkish 
Lira is limited to the specified Turkish Lira amount of such payments and, in the event that it fails 
to make any payment on the Notes in full on its due date, its obligation shall remain the payment 
of the relevant outstanding Turkish Lira amount and it shall have no obligation to pay any greater 
or other amount as a result of any change in the Applicable Exchange Rate between the due date 
and the date on which such payment is made in full.
(c)
Following conversion of the Lira Amount into U.S. Dollars in accordance with this 
Condition 7.8 and the Agency Agreement, the Exchange Agent shall notify the Fiscal 
Agent of: (i) the total amount of U.S. Dollars purchased with the relevant Lira Amount, 
and (ii) the Applicable Exchange Rate at which such U.S. Dollars were purchased by the 
Exchange Agent. On each Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal Agent shall give notice to 
the Noteholders of such U.S. Dollar amount and Applicable Exchange Rate in accordance 
with Condition 15 as so notified to it by the Exchange Agent.
Under the terms of the Agency Agreement, the Fiscal Agent will need to have received cleared 
funds from the Issuer on the Relevant Payment Date by no later than 10.00 a.m. (London time) 
in the case of a payment of interest or principal becoming due in order to make any payments to 
Noteholders on such Relevant Payment Date, including any such payments in U.S. Dollars. If the 
Fiscal Agent receives cleared funds from the Issuer after such time, then the Fiscal Agent will use 
reasonable efforts to pay the funds (including any so converted U.S. Dollar amounts) as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter.
(d)
If, for illegality or any other reason, it is not possible for the Exchange Agent to purchase 
U.S. Dollars with the Lira Amount, then the Exchange Agent will promptly notify the 
Fiscal Agent, which shall, as soon as practicable upon receipt of such notification from 
the Exchange Agent, promptly notify the Noteholders of such event in accordance with

--- Page 114 ---
114
Condition 15 and all payments on the Notes on the Relevant Payment Date will be made 
in Turkish Lira in accordance with this Condition 7.8, irrespective of any USD Payment 
Election made.
(e)
To give a USD Payment Election:
(i)
in the case of Notes in definitive form, a Noteholder must deliver at the specified 
office of any Agent, on any Business Day falling within the USD Election Period, 
a duly signed and completed USD Payment Election in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Agent and in which the holder 
must specify a USD bank account to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition 7.8 accompanied by the relevant Notes or evidence satisfactory to the 
Agent concerned that such Notes will, following the delivery of the USD Payment 
Election, be held to the Agent’s order or under its control until the applicable U.S. 
Dollar payment is made; and
(ii)
in the case of Notes in global form, a Noteholder must, on any Business Day falling 
within the USD Election Period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or DTC, as applicable (which may include notice being given on such holder’s 
instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any depositary for any 
of them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as applicable, from time to time.
Notwithstanding any other provision in the Conditions to the contrary: (i) all costs of the purchase 
of U.S. Dollars with the Lira Amount shall be borne pro rata by the relevant Noteholders relative 
to the Notes of such Noteholders the subject of USD Payment Elections, which pro rata amount 
will be deducted from the U.S. Dollar payment made to such Noteholders, (ii) none of the Issuer, 
any Agent or any other Person shall have any obligation whatsoever to pay any related foreign 
exchange rate spreads, commissions or expenses or to indemnify any Noteholder against any 
difference between the U.S. Dollar amount received by such Noteholder and the portion of the 
Lira Amount that would have been payable to the Noteholder if it had not made the relevant USD 
Payment Election and (iii) the Issuer shall not have any liability or other obligation to any 
Noteholder with respect to the conversion into U.S. Dollars of any amount paid by it to the Fiscal 
Agent in Turkish Lira or the payment of any U.S. Dollar amount to the applicable Noteholders.
7.9
Payments on Notes held through DTC in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars
In the case of any Notes represented by a Registered Global Note registered in the name of DTC or its 
nominee and denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars, payments in respect of such 
Notes will be made in U.S. Dollars unless the participant in DTC with an interest in such Notes has 
elected to receive any part of such payment in that Specified Currency in the manner specified in the 
Agency Agreement and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of DTC.
8
Redemption and Purchase
8.1
Redemption at maturity
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 115 ---
115
8.2
Redemption for tax reasons
If:
(a)
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 9), or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction, which change or 
amendment becomes effective after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
most recently issued Tranche of the Notes (which shall, for the avoidance of doubt and for 
the purposes of this Condition 8.2, be the date on which the applicable Final Terms is 
signed by the Issuer), on the next Interest Payment Date the Issuer would be required to:
(i)
pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9; and
(ii)
make any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Relevant Jurisdiction, at a rate in excess of the 
prevailing applicable rates on such date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
most recently issued Tranche of the Notes; and
(b)
such requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it,
then the Issuer may at its option, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at any time at their Early 
Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent: (i) a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the 
requirement referred to in sub-paragraph (a) above will apply on the next Interest Payment Date and 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it and (ii) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay such additional amounts as a result of the change or amendment.
8.3
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)
This Condition 8.3 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 8.2), such option being referred 
to as an “Issuer Call”. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and 
must be read in conjunction with this Condition 8.3 for full information on any Issuer Call. In particular, 
the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption 
Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the applicable notice 
periods.
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notices shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on 
any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together (if applicable) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 116 ---
116
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes under this Condition 8.3, the Notes to be redeemed 
(“Redeemed Notes”) will (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected 
individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) and/or DTC. 
In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior to the 
date fixed for redemption.
8.4
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)
This Condition 8.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an “Investor Put”. The applicable Final Terms 
contain provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 
8.4 for full information on any Investor Put. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the 
Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods.
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the 
expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together (if applicable) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date. Registered Notes may be redeemed under this Condition 8.4 in any Specified 
Denomination.
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note:
(a)
if this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
DTC, then the holder of this Note must deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time 
during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar 
falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, 
as the case may be, the Registrar (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a 
bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition 8.4 and, in the case of Registered Notes, the 
nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the 
Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered 
Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2. If this Note is in definitive bearer form, 
the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying 
Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to such 
Paying Agent’s order or under its control, and
(b)
if this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as applicable, the holder of this Note must, 
within the notice period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case 
may be (which may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by

--- Page 117 ---
117
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, 
as applicable, from time to time.
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as applicable, given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this 
Condition 8.4 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default 
has occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer 
to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.4 and instead to declare such Note forthwith 
due and payable pursuant to Condition 11.
8.5
Early Redemption Amounts
For the purpose of Condition 8.2 above and Condition 11, each Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows:
(a)
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the first 
Tranche of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof;
(b)
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of the Series, at 
the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or
(c)
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula:
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y
where:
“RP”
means the Reference Price;
“AY”
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and
“y”
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) 
Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) 
Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365).
8.6
Purchases
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase or otherwise acquire Notes (provided that, 
in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, resold or,

--- Page 118 ---
118
at the option of the Issuer or any such Subsidiary (as the case may be) for those Notes held by it, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation.
8.7
Cancellation
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together, in the case of definitive Bearer 
Notes, with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.6 
above (together, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled 
therewith) shall be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent and cannot be held, reissued or resold.
8.8
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Condition 8 or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 11 is improperly withheld or refused, then the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 8.5(c) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of:
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar and notice to 
that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15.
9
Taxation
9.1
Payment without Withholding
All payments in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature (“Taxes”) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant 
Jurisdiction unless the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
which would have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence 
of the withholding or deduction; except that no additional amounts shall be payable in relation to any 
payment in respect of any Note or Coupon:
(a)
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for Taxes in respect of the 
Note or Coupon by reason of such holder having some connection with any Relevant 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or
(b)
presented for payment in the Republic of Türkiye; or
(c)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that a holder or, as the case may be, Couponholder would have been 
entitled to additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on the last day of the 
period of 30 days assuming that day to have been a Payment Business Day (as defined in 
Condition 7.6).

--- Page 119 ---
119
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations 
thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United 
States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such 
withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be 
required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding.
In these Conditions:
(i)
the “Relevant Date” means, with respect to any payment, the date on which such payment first 
becomes due but, if the full amount of the money payable has not been received by the Fiscal 
Agent on or before the due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of the money having 
been so received, notice to that effect has been duly given to the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15.
(ii)
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means the Republic of Türkiye or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes 
subject in respect of payments made by it of principal and interest on the Notes or Coupons.
9.2
Additional Amounts
Any reference in these Conditions to any amounts in respect of the Notes shall be deemed also to refer 
to any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 9.
10
Prescription
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of 
principal and/or interest with respect thereto are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9) therefor.
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7.2 or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 7.2.
11
Events of Default
11.1
Events of Default
The holder of any Note may give notice to the Issuer that such Note is, and it shall accordingly forthwith 
become, immediately due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of repayment, if any of the following events (each, an “Event of Default”) 
shall have occurred and be continuing:
(a)
if default is made by the Issuer in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect 
of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in the 
case of principal or 14 days in the case of interest; or
(b)
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Conditions 
and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy, when no continuation or

--- Page 120 ---
120
notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 
14 days following the service by any Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same 
to be remedied; or
(c)
if: (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default 
(however described); (ii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to make any 
payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for payment, 
subject to any originally applicable grace period; (iii) any security given by the Issuer or 
any of its Material Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes 
enforceable; or (iv) default is made by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in 
making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person, subject to any applicable 
grace period; provided that the aggregate principal amount of: (A) such Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money of the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary in the case of sub-
paragraphs (i), (ii) and/or (iii) above, and/or (B) the maximum amount payable by the 
Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary under such guarantee and/or indemnity of the 
Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) above, exceeds 
U.S.$15,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies); or
(d)
if:
(i)
any order is made by any competent court or resolution is passed for the winding 
up or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; or
(ii)
the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part, 
or any Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or 
substantially the whole, in each case, of its business, save for the purposes of 
reorganisation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders, 
or the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries suspends or threatens to suspend 
payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its 
debts) as they fall due or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the 
purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated, declared or found by a competent 
authority to be (or becomes) bankrupt or insolvent; or
(iii)
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries commences negotiations with one or 
more of its creditors with a view to the general readjustment or rescheduling of all 
or a substantial part of its indebtedness; or
(iv)
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries: (A) takes any corporate action or 
other steps are taken or legal proceedings are started: (x) for its winding-up, 
dissolution, administration, bankruptcy or re-organisation (other than for the 
purposes of and followed by a reconstruction while solvent upon terms previously 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders) or (y) for the 
appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee 
or similar officer of it or any substantial part or all of its revenues and assets or (B) 
shall or propose to make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or 
shall enter into any general arrangement or composition with its creditors,
in each case in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) above, save for the solvent voluntary winding-
up, dissolution or re-organisation of any Material Subsidiary in connection with any

--- Page 121 ---
121
combination with, or transfer of the whole or substantially the whole of its business and/or 
assets to, the Issuer or one or more other Subsidiaries of the Issuer; or
(e)
if the banking licence of the Issuer is temporarily or permanently revoked.
11.2
Interpretation
For the purposes of this Condition 11:
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, 
interest or other amounts) for or in respect of:
(a)
any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities; or
(b)
any borrowed money; or
(c)
any liability under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit.
12
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to (a) evidence of such loss, theft, mutilation, defacement or destruction and (b) 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued.
13
Agents
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out in the Agency Agreement. If any 
additional Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Agents will be specified in 
Part B of the applicable Final Terms.
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other 
Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that:
(a)
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar;
(b)
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be, in the case of Bearer Notes a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal 
Agent) and, in the case of Registered Notes, a Transfer Agent (which may be the Registrar) with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority;
(c)
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars 
are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent with a specified office 
in New York City; and
(d)
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction other than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer 
is incorporated.
In addition, the Issuer shall as soon as practicable appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 7.5. Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or 
change in Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15.

--- Page 122 ---
122
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder. The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or 
with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
agent.
14
Exchange of Talons
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the 
Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons 
to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a 
further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 10.
15
Notices
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English 
language newspaper of general circulation in London. It is anticipated that any such publication in a newspaper 
will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in 
a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer 
Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading, including publication on the 
website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority as required by those rules. Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than 
one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail or (if 
posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) of such Registered 
Notes at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required 
by those rules.
There may, so long as any Global Notes representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such 
websites or such mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or DTC for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required 
by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on such day as 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as applicable.
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case 
of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global 
Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in such manner as the Fiscal Agent, the

--- Page 123 ---
123
Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, may approve for 
this purpose.
16
Meetings of Noteholders and Modification
16.1
Meetings of Noteholders
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including at a physical location or 
by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform or a combination of such methods) 
of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer 
if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is one or more person(s) holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more person(s) being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that 
at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the 
Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes, altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant 
in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more person(s) holding or representing not less than two-
thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting 
one or more person(s) holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders 
shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all 
Couponholders.
The Agency Agreement provides that: (a) a resolution in writing signed on behalf of the Noteholders of 
not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding (whether such 
resolution in writing is contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed 
on behalf of one or more Noteholders) or (b) consent given by way of electronic consents through the 
relevant clearing systems by or on behalf of Noteholders of not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding will, in each case, take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution and shall be binding upon all Noteholders.
16.2
Modification
The Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may agree in writing, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of any of these Conditions, the Deed of Covenant or any of the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, either (a) for the purpose of 
curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or supplementing any manifest or proven error or any other 
defective provision contained herein or therein or (b) following the advice of an independent financial 
institution of international standing, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any 
such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and Couponholders and, unless the Fiscal Agent 
agrees otherwise, any modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders and Couponholders 
as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 15. In addition, the Issuer may, without 
obtaining the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary the Conditions to give effect 
to any Benchmark Amendments in accordance with the circumstances and as otherwise set out in 
Condition 6.7.

--- Page 124 ---
124
17
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders create and issue 
further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the 
same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes; provided that if the Notes or 
further notes are issued under Rule 144A such further notes will not have the same CUSIP, ISIN or other 
identifying number as the Notes unless such further notes are fungible with the Notes for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes.
18
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from that Act.
19
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction
19.1
Governing law
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Notes and the Coupons, are and shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law.
19.2
Submission to jurisdiction
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the High 
Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court 
in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of 
England and Wales) is to have (subject to Condition 19.6) exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating 
to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) 
and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales 
in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any 
judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales).
The Issuer waives any objection to the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any 
competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order 
originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum. The Noteholders and the Couponholders may take any suit, action 
or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
and the Coupons (including any Proceeding relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) against the Issuer in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions to the extent allowed by law.
19.3
Consent to Enforcement
The Issuer agrees, without prejudice to the enforcement of a judgment obtained in the High Court of 
Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect 
of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and 
Wales) according to the provisions of Article 54 of the International Private and Procedural Law of

--- Page 125 ---
125
Türkiye (Law No. 5718), that in the event that any action is brought in relation to the Issuer in a court in 
Türkiye in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, in addition to other permissible legal evidence 
pursuant to the Civil Procedure Code of Türkiye (Law No. 6100), any judgment obtained in the High 
Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court 
in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of 
England and Wales) in connection with such action shall constitute conclusive evidence of the existence 
and amount of the claim against the Issuer, pursuant to the provisions of the first paragraph of Article 
193 of the Civil Procedure Code of Türkiye (Law No. 6100) and Articles 58 and 59 of the International 
Private and Procedural Law of Türkiye (Law No. 5718).
19.4
Appointment of Process Agent
The Issuer shall irrevocably and unconditionally appoint Türkiye İş Bankası A.Ş., London Branch at 1 
Bartholomew Lane, London EC2N 2AX, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process in respect 
of any Proceedings in England and the Issuer undertakes that in the event of such agent being unable or 
unwilling for any reason so to act, it will as promptly as practicable appoint another person as its agent 
for that purpose.
19.5
Other Documents
The Issuer has, in the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed Poll, submitted to the 
jurisdiction of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United 
Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the 
High Court of Justice of England and Wales) and appointed an agent in England for service of process, 
in terms substantially similar to those set out above.
19.6
Submission to the jurisdiction and courts of New York
This Condition 19.6 shall apply only in respect of any Series of Notes where some or all of the Notes of 
such Series have been offered by or on behalf of the Issuer in the United States or to U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933).
The Issuer expressly submits to the jurisdiction of New York State and U.S. federal courts sitting in the 
Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, New York (including the New York State Supreme Court, 
New York County, the United States District Courts for the Southern District of New York, plus the 
appellate courts therefrom: the New York State Supreme Court, Appellate Division, the New York Court 
of Appeals, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, and the United States Supreme 
Court), with respect to any suit, action, or proceeding in connection with any Notes issued under the 
Programme.
The Issuer will appoint an agent in the United States to accept service of process in any suit, action, or 
proceeding brought with respect to such Notes instituted in any state or federal court in the Borough of 
Manhattan, The City of New York, New York (including the New York State Supreme Court, New York 
County, the United States District Courts for the Southern District of New York, plus the appellate courts 
therefrom: the New York State Supreme Court, Appellate Division, the New York Court of Appeals, the 
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, and the United States Supreme Court).
The Issuer will waive the defense of forum non conveniens to the maintenance of any such action or 
proceeding. Such appointment of an agent to accept service of process and such consent to jurisdiction 
shall be irrevocable until all amounts due and to become due in respect thereof have been paid. No such 
submission to jurisdiction or appointment of agent for service of process shall affect the right of a holder 
of any such Notes to bring suit in any court which shall have jurisdiction over the Issuer by virtue of the 
offer and sale of such Notes or otherwise.

--- Page 126 ---
126
USE OF PROCEEDS
The Issuer will incur various expenses in connection with the issuance of each Tranche of the Notes, including 
underwriting fees, legal counsel fees, rating agency expenses and listing expenses. The net proceeds from each 
issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Where the “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the applicable Final Terms are stated to be for “green”, “social” 
or “sustainability” purposes as described in this “Use of Proceeds” section (“Green Bonds”, “Social Bonds” 
and “Sustainability Bonds”, respectively), the net proceeds from each issue of Sustainable Notes will be used 
as so described in the applicable Final Terms. 
For any Sustainable Notes, such net proceeds will be separately identified and applied by the Issuer in financing 
and/or refinancing, individually or on a portfolio basis, Green Projects and/or Social Projects (each as further 
described in the Sustainable Finance Framework published on the Issuer’s website), including the financing of 
new Eligible Sustainable Projects and the refinancing of existing and/or on-going Eligible Sustainable Projects.
In the case of Green Bonds, such financing and/or refinancing shall be of Green Projects (as defined below); in 
the case of Social Bonds, such financing and/or refinancing shall be of Social Projects (as defined below); and 
in the case of Sustainability Bonds, such financing and/or refinancing shall be of Green Projects and Social 
Projects; however, the proceeds of any Sustainable Notes will not be used to finance businesses and projects 
included in the Issuer’s “Exclusionary Criteria” as detailed in the Sustainable Finance Framework. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s technical analysis team will be responsible for assessing and 
determining the eligibility of individual loans and recommending allocation of proceeds of Sustainable Notes 
to eligible loans. The allocation of such proceeds will be tracked through the internal systems of the Issuer.
Pending the application of any net proceeds of Sustainable Notes in financing the relevant Sustainability 
Project(s), such proceeds will be held by the Issuer at its own discretion in cash and/or invested in short-term 
liquid investments as indicated in the Sustainable Finance Framework. If a business or project to which the net 
proceeds of any Sustainable Notes are allocated ceases to fulfil the applicable eligibility criteria, the Issuer will 
remove the same from the portfolio upon becoming aware of such ineligibility and endeavour to replace it with 
an eligible Green Project or Social Project, as the case may be, as soon as reasonably practicable. 
A report, as outlined in the Sustainable Finance Framework, will be published annually by the Issuer with 
respect to each Series of Sustainable Notes throughout their term. As noted in the Sustainable Finance 
Framework, such reports will provide information on the allocation of the net proceeds of the applicable Series, 
including, inter alia, the portion thereof allocated to Green Projects and/or Social Projects (as applicable), a 
description of projects being financed from such proceeds and the portion of such proceeds used for new 
financings versus refinancings. The Issuer may request an annual assessment on the alignment of the allocation 
of such proceeds with the Sustainable Finance Framework’s criteria.
“Green Project” means either: (a) a corporation or other entity of which 90 per cent. or more of its revenues 
(as determined to the Issuer’s satisfaction) are derived from activities in the list of green categories with defined 
eligibility criteria in the Sustainable Finance Framework at the applicable time (as such list is developed from 
time to time in accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles and ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines) 
or (b) a project falling within such categories. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, such categories listed 
under “Direct and Indirect Climate Change Mitigation” include: (i) renewable energy, (ii) energy efficiency; 
(iii) clean transportation; (iv) green buildings; (v) pollution prevention and control; (vi) eco-efficient and/or 
circular economy adapted products, production technologies and processes; and (vii) alternative maritime 
power.

--- Page 127 ---
127
“Social Project” means either: (a) a corporation or other entity of which 90 per cent. or more of its revenues 
(as determined to the Issuer’s satisfaction) are derived from activities in the list of social categories with defined 
eligibility criteria in the Sustainable Finance Framework at the applicable time (as such list is developed from 
time to time in accordance with the ICMA Social Bond Principles and ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines) 
or (b) a project falling within such categories. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, such categories listed 
under “Sustainable and Social Infrastructure” include: (i) access to essential services (healthcare); (ii) access 
to essential services (education); (iii) employment generation through SME companies (as defined in the 
Sustainable Finance Framework) and (iv) sustainable infrastructure. 
The Sustainable Finance Framework, the second party opinion and any related report, verification assessment 
etc. will be published on the Issuer’s website at http://www.tskb.com.tr/en/financial-institutions/publications.
None of the Sustainable Finance Framework, the second party opinion or any of the reports, verification 
assessments, opinions or contents of any of the websites referenced in this “Use of Proceeds” section or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus are, or shall be deemed to, constitute a part of, or be incorporated into, this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 128 ---
128
SELECTED FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
The following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, selected historical consolidated financial and other 
information about the Group which, unless otherwise specified, have been extracted from the BRSA Financial 
Statements without material adjustment. Such financial and other information should be read in conjunction 
with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the BRSA Financial Statements, “Management’s Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and other relevant information included 
elsewhere in (or incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus. The BRSA Financial Statements are 
presented in Turkish Lira and have been prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles described in more detail 
in the accounting principles included in the notes to the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus and in “Presentation of Financial Information”.
The BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021, 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2023 have been audited by EY.
BALANCE SHEET DATA
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Assets
Financial Assets (Net) ..................................................... 
17,362,573
24,129,681
27,733,193
Cash and Cash Equivalents ...........................................  
5,672,152
10,469,187
15,622,800
Cash and Balances with CBRT ........................................  
2,038,136
2,797,941
2,942,825
Banks................................................................................  
2,207,761
1,957,080
5,261,257
Money Market Placements ...............................................  
1,429,167
5,721,043
7,424,388
Expected Credit Losses (-) ...............................................  
2,912
6,877
5,670
Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss
305,856
175,599
409,358
Government Debt Securities ............................................  
—
—
—
Equity Instruments ...........................................................  
32,276
98,313
7,440
Other Financial Assets .....................................................  
273,580
77,286
401,918
Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other 
Comprehensive Income ................................................. 
8,935,277
11,089,289
9,766,338
Government Debt Securities ............................................  
8,350,511
9,749,787
8,830,461
Equity Instruments ...........................................................  
280,482
519,728
916,984
Other Financial Assets .....................................................  
304,284
819,774
18,893
Derivative Financial Assets ............................................  
2,449,288
2,395,606
1,934,697
Derivative Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit 
or Loss .............................................................................. 
2,449,288
2,395,606
1,934,697

--- Page 129 ---
129
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Derivative Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other 
Comprehensive Income .................................................... 
—
—
—
Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost (Net) ... 
65,299,284
88,616,419
142,293,332
Loans ...............................................................................  
64,120,513
80,930,195
131,216,812
Lease Receivables ...........................................................  
346,567
380,231
452,370
Factoring Receivables ....................................................  
—
—
—
Other Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost ..  
3,955,703
12,825,981
18,894,112
Government Debt Securities ............................................  
3,955,703
12,825,981
18,894,112
Other Financial Assets .....................................................  
—
—
—
Expected Credit Losses (-) .............................................  
3,123,499
5,519,988
8,269,962
Property and Equipment Held for Sale Purpose and 
Related to Discontinued Operations (Net) ................... 
64,403
—
—
Held for Sale Purpose ......................................................  
64,403
—
—
Related to Discontinued Operations .................................  
—
—
—
Equity Investments ........................................................ 
815,503
1,551,348
2,939,908
Investments in Associates (Net) .....................................  
777,551
1,493,750
2,825,834
Accounted Under Equity Method ....................................  
777,551
1,493,750
2,825,834
Unconsolidated Associates ...............................................  
—
—
—
Subsidiaries (Net) ...........................................................  
36,116
51,970
101,016
Unconsolidated Financial Subsidiaries ............................  
—
—
—
Unconsolidated Non-Financial Subsidiaries ....................  
36,116
51,970
101,016
Entities under Common Control (Joint Venture) 
(Net) .................................................................................  
1,836
5,628
13,058
Joint Ventures Valued Based on Equity Method ..............  
—
5,628
13,058
Unconsolidated Joint Ventures .........................................  
1,836
—
—
Tangible Assets (Net) ...................................................... 
479,361
1,214,227
2,237,255
Intangible Assets (Net) ................................................... 
4,514
4,278
8,118
Goodwill ..........................................................................  
1,005
1,005
1,005
Other ................................................................................  
3,509
3,273
7,113
Investment Property (Net) ............................................. 
336,177
764,910
1,430,605
Current Tax Asset ........................................................... 
209
177
691
Deferred Tax Asset ......................................................... 
396,583
724,131
1,480,605
Other Assets .................................................................... 
1,333,928
616,489
2,790,400

--- Page 130 ---
130
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Total Assets ..................................................................... 
86,092,535
117,621,660
180,913,852
Liabilities and Equity
Deposits ........................................................................... 
—
—
—
Funds Borrowed ............................................................. 
54,274,040
70,814,085
106,851,110
Money Market Balances ................................................ 
1,411,219
2,472,123
3,727,880
Marketable Securities Issued (Net) ............................... 
15,807,433
21,553,457
34,148,450
Bills ..................................................................................  
93,237
333,230
397,337
Assets Backed Securities..................................................  
786,255
172,485
1,524,022
Bonds ...............................................................................  
14,927,941
21,047,752
32,227,091
Borrower Funds ............................................................. 
691,704
737,733
1,482,480
Borrower Funds................................................................  
691,704
737,733
1,482,480
Other ................................................................................  
—
—
—
Financial Liabilities at Fair Value Through Profit or 
Loss .................................................................................. 
—
—
—
Derivative Financial Liabilities ..................................... 
1,121,279
1,132,353
1,148,158
Derivative Financial Liabilities at Fair Value Through 
Profit or Loss .................................................................... 
1,121,279
1,132,353
1,148,158
Derivative Financial Liabilities at Fair Value Through 
Other Comprehensive Income ..........................................  
—
—
—
Factoring Liabilities ....................................................... 
—
—
—
Lease Liabilities .............................................................. 
4,678
5,563
39,250
Provisions ........................................................................ 
547,469
1,071,429
2,081,013
Restructuring Provisions ..................................................  
—
—
—
Reverse for Employee Benefits ........................................  
33,367
48,190
51,889
Insurance Technical Provisions (Net) ...............................  
—
—
—
Other Provisions ...............................................................  
514,102
1,023,239
2,029,124
Current Tax Liability ..................................................... 
225,072
580,310
971,818
Deferred Tax Liability .................................................... 
—
—
—
Liabilities for Property and Equipment Held for Sale 
and Related to Discontinued Operations (Net) ............ 
—
—
—
Held for Sale Purpose ......................................................  
—
—
—
Related to Discontinued Operations .................................  
—
—
—
Subordinated Debt Instruments ................................... 
4,029,204
3,829,127
6,043,090
Loans ................................................................................  
—
3,829,127
6,043,090

--- Page 131 ---
131
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Other Debt Instruments ....................................................  
4,029,204
—
—
Other Liabilities ............................................................. 
958,671
2,433,024
2,595,551
Shareholders’ Equity...................................................... 
7,021,766
12,992,456
21,825,052
Paid-in capital ..................................................................  
2,800,000
2,800,000
2,800,000
Capital Reserves ...............................................................  
1,386
1,381
15,665
Share Premium .................................................................  
1,012
1,007
1,007
Share Cancellation Profits ................................................  
—
—
—
Other Capital Reserves .....................................................  
374
374
14,658
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income or Loss Not 
Reclassified Through Profit or Loss .................................  
499,744
1,313,495
3,748,737
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income or Loss 
Reclassified Through Profit or Loss .................................  
(37,051)
1,010,451
257,542
Profit Reserves .................................................................  
2,609,620
3,702,923
7,745,308
Legal Reserves .................................................................  
381,427
440,207
644,594
Status Reserves ................................................................  
75,641
75,641
75,641
Extraordinary Reserves ....................................................  
2,149,632
3,184,155
7,022,154
Other Profit Reserves .......................................................  
2,920
2,920
2,920
Profit Or Loss ...................................................................  
1,058,956
3,945,723
6,854,098
Prior Years’ Profit/Loss ....................................................  
(22,153)
(34,689)
(101,946)
Current Year Profit/Loss...................................................  
1,081,109
3,980,412
6,965,044
Non-Controlling Interests.................................................  
89,111
218,483
403,702
Total Liabilities and Equity ........................................... 
86,092,535
117,621,660
180,913,852
INCOME STATEMENT DATA
Year ended 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Interest Income ............................................................... 
4,675,202
10,374,234
18,772,862
Interest on Loans ..............................................................  
3,272,487
5,479,961
11,878,615
Interest Received from Reserve Deposits ........................  
998
309
82
Interest Received from Banks ..........................................  
20,188
43,217
166,348
Interest Received from Money Market Placements .........  
244,548
662,270
1,645,886

--- Page 132 ---
132
Year ended 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Interest Received from Marketable Securities Portfolio ..  
1,117,107
4,139,197
4,991,850
Fair Value Through Profit or Loss ....................................  
4,099
3,241
1,931
Fair Value Through other Comprehensive Income...........  
549,462
1,044,953
992,559
Measured at Amortised Cost ............................................  
563,546
3,091,003
3,997,360
Finance Lease Income ......................................................  
9,239
20,024
32,455
Other Interest Income .......................................................  
10,635
29,256
57,626
Interest Expenses (-) ....................................................... 
1,776,943
3,503,653
8,064,017
Interest on Deposits ..........................................................  
—
—
—
Interest on Funds Borrowed .............................................  
640,141
1,994,175
5,930,407
Interest on Money Market Borrowings ............................  
95,655
135,139
396,744
Interest on Securities Issued .............................................  
1,035,540
1,353,995
1,656,777
Leasing Interest Expense..................................................  
519
1,802
6,063
Other Interest Expense .....................................................  
5,088
18,542
74,026
Net Interest Income ........................................................ 
2,898,259
6,870,581
10,708,845
Net Fees and Commissions Income / Expenses ............ 
155,505
341,520
686,569
Fees and Commissions Received .....................................  
174,599
378,823
756,646
Non-cash Loans................................................................  
30,572
56,349
179,070
Other ................................................................................  
144,027
322,474
577,576
Fees and Commissions Paid (-) ........................................  
19,094
37,303
70,077
Non-cash Loans................................................................  
3,733
9,269
23,764
Other ................................................................................  
15,321
28,034
46,313
Dividend Income ............................................................ 
8,260
19,754
31,949
Net Trading Income ....................................................... 
516,384
835,825
1,731,490
Securities Trading Gains / (Losses) ..................................  
(1,186)
75,208
39,651
Derivative Financial Instruments Gains / (Losses) ..........  
2,001,067)
2,495,067
1,894,932
Foreign Exchange Gains / (Losses) (Net) ........................  
(1,483,497)
(1,734,450)
(203,093)
Other Operating Income ............................................... 
356,887
662,958
1,081,664
Gross Operating Income ................................................ 
3,935,295
8,730,638
14,240,517
Expected Credit Losses (-) ............................................. 
1,793,713
2,582,020
3,219,196
Other Provision Expenses (-) ......................................... 
220,000
574,403
870,000
Personnel Expenses (-) ................................................... 
219,201
436,065
914,621
Other Operating Expenses (-) ....................................... 
343,188
398,871
744,030
Net Operating Income / (Loss) ...................................... 
1,359,193
4,739,279
8,492,670

--- Page 133 ---
133
Year ended 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Amount in Excess Recorded as Gain After Merger ....  
—
—
—
Profit / (Loss) on Equity Method .................................. 
129,008
486,962
996,857
Gain / (Loss) on Net Monetary Position ....................... 
—
—
—
Profit / (Loss) from Continued Operations Before 
Taxes ................................................................................ 
1,488,201
5,226,241
9,489,527
Tax Provision for Continued Operations (+/-) ............. 
390,892
1,120,502
2,339,601
Provision for Current Income Taxes ................................  
519,118
1,558,007
3,045,111
Deferred Tax Income Effect (+) .......................................  
467,608
602,980
958,614
Deferred Tax Expense Effect (-) ......................................  
595,834
1,040,485
1,664,124
Net Profit / (Loss) from Continued Operations ........... 
1,097,309
4,105,739
7,149,926
Income on Discontinued Operations ............................  
—
—
—
Loss from Discontinued Operations (-) ........................  
—
—
—
Profit / (Loss) on Discontinued Operations Before 
Taxes ................................................................................  
—
—
—
Tax Provision for Discontinued Operations (+/-) .........  
—
—
—
Net Profit / (Loss) from Discontinued Operations .......  
—
—
—
Net Profit / (Loss) for the Period ................................... 
1,097,309
4,105,739
7,149,926
Group’s Profit / (Loss) .....................................................  
1,081,109
3,980,412
6,965,044
Minority Shares (-) ...........................................................  
16,200
125,327
184,882
Earning / (loss) per Share(1) ..............................................  
0.386
1.422
2,488
Note: 
(1)
Earnings per share are calculated by using the average number of shares of the current period. Presented in Turkish 
Lira per share, instead of thousands of Turkish Lira. 
KEY RATIOS AND OTHER DATA
As of (or for the year ended) 
31 December
2021
2022
2023
Key Ratios:
Net interest margin(1)(2) .....................................................
4.7%
7.6%
7.0%
Spread(3) ...........................................................................
3.6%
3.6%
3.8%

--- Page 134 ---
134
As of (or for the year ended) 
31 December
2021
2022
2023
Turkish Lira(4) ...................................................................
9.8%
6.6%
8.4%
Foreign Currency(5) ..........................................................
2.7%
3.4%
3.5%
Cost-to-income ratio(6) .....................................................
9.0%
9.6%
9.4%
Free capital ratio(7)............................................................
8.1%
7.7%
8.4%
Non-performing loans to total cash loans.........................
3.2%
2.9%
3.0%
Cost to average total assets(1)(8) ........................................
0.7%
0.6%
1.1%
Capital Adequacy:
Tier I regulatory capital/risk-weighted assets and market 
risk(9) ................................................................................
12.7%
21.3%
24.8%
Total regulatory capital/risk-weighted assets and market 
risk(9) ................................................................................
20.8%
22.4%
25.9%
Other Information:
Average employees during the period ..............................
408
438
452
Notes: 
(1)
Calculated on quarterly averages. 
(2)
This is: (a) the Bank-only net interest income (excluding interest from the CBRT on reserves held thereat) for the 
relevant periods plus net trading income divided by (b) the Bank-only quarterly average interest-earning assets 
(excluding reserves held at the CBRT). The “quarterly average” interest earning assets for a period are calculated 
by averaging the amount of interest-earning assets as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the 
commencement of such period (e.g., for any year, 31 December of the previous year) and each intervening quarter-
end date (i.e., 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December, as applicable). 
(3)
Spread represents the difference between the average rate of interest earned on interest-earning assets and the 
average rate of interest accrued on interest-bearing liabilities. Average balances are calculated from monthly 
balances and do not include interest accruals. 
(4)
This is the difference between the average rate of interest earned on TL interest-earning assets (TL denominated 
loans, TL denominated securities, banks and money market placements) and the average rate of interest accrued 
on money market balances and equity. Average balances are calculated from monthly balances and do not include 
interest accruals. 
(5)
This is the difference between the average rate of interest earned on foreign currency interest-earning assets 
(foreign currency denominated loans, foreign currency denominated securities, banks and money market 
placements) and the average rate of interest accrued on foreign currency funds borrowed and debt securities. 
Average balances are calculated from monthly balances and do not include interest accruals. 
(6)
This is: (a) the “cost” (calculated as total operating expenses) for the periods specified divided by (b) the “income” 
(calculated as total operating income) for such period. 
(7)
This is: (a) the Group’s total shareholders’ equity as at the relevant dates specified minus the Group’s tangible 
assets (Net), intangible assets and goodwill (Net), tax asset, investments in equity participations (i.e., the sum of 
investment in associates (net)), investment in subsidiaries (Net) and jointly controlled entities (joint ventures) 
(Net)) and non-performing loans net of specific provisions as of such date as a percentage of (b) the Group’s total 
assets as of such date.

--- Page 135 ---
135
(8)
This is: (a) the “cost” (calculated as total operating expenses) for the relevant period specified as a percentage of 
(b) average total assets (determined on a quarterly basis). 
(9)
Calculated in accordance with BRSA regulations. 
As of (or for the year ended) 
31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Liquid Asset Ratio
Cash and Balances with the CBRT ..................................  
2,038,136
2,797,941
2,942,825
Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit and Loss ....  
305,856
175,599
409,358
Banks................................................................................  
2,207,761
1,957,080
5,261,257
Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other 
Comprehensive Income .................................................... 
8,935,277
11,089,289
9,766,338
Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost (Net) ........  
3,955,703
12,825,981
18,894,112
Total Liquid Assets ...........................................................  
17,442,733
24,129,681
27,733,193
Total Assets ......................................................................  
86,092,535
117,621,660
180,913,852
Liquid Asset Ratio ............................................................  
20.3%
24.5%
20.6%
As of (or for the year ended) 
31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Free Capital Ratio
Total Shareholders’ Equity ...............................................  
7,021,766
12,992,456
21,825,052
Investments in Associates (Net) .......................................  
(777,551)
(1,493,750)
(2,825,834)
Investments in Subsidiaries (Net) ....................................  
(36,116)
(51,970)
(101,016)
Jointly Controlled Partnerships (Joint Ventures) (Net).....  
(1,836)
—
—
Tangible Assets (Net) .......................................................  
(479,361)
(1,214,227)
(2,237,255)
Intangible Assets and Goodwill (Net) ..............................  
(4,514)
(4,278)
(8,118)
Tax Asset ..........................................................................  
(396,792)
(724,131)
(1,480,605)
Free Capital ....................................................................  
5,325,596
9,498,472
15,159,166
Total Assets .....................................................................  
86,092,535
117,621,660
180,913,852
Free Capital Ratio ..........................................................  
6.2%
8.1%
8.4%

--- Page 136 ---
136
As of (or for the year ended) 
31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands, except percentages)
CI Ratio
Other Operating Expenses ................................................  
562,389
834,936
1,658,651
Insurance and Reinsurance Companies’ Expenses ...........  
—
—
—
Costs ................................................................................  
562,389
834,936
1,658,651
Total Operating Income ....................................................  
3.935.295
8,730,638
14,240,517
Insurance and Reinsurance Companies’ Expenses ...........  
—
—
—
Income .............................................................................  
3,935,295
8,730,638
14,240,517
Cost-to-Income Ratio .......................................................  
14.3%
9.6%
11.6%

--- Page 137 ---
137
SELECTED BANK STATISTICAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
The following tables present certain of the Group’s selected statistical and other information for the periods 
indicated. The following information should be read in conjunction with the BRSA Financial Statements, as 
well as the information included in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results 
of Operations”. The statistical information and discussion and analysis presented below as of and for the years 
ended 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023 is presented solely for the convenience of the reader for analytical 
purposes and on the basis of Subpart 1400 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act (Disclosure by Bank 
Savings and Loan Registrants Companies (“S-K 1400”). Foreign currency indexed loans in this section have 
been notionally converted into Turkish Lira in the manner described in the consolidated BRSA Financial 
Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023. Certain amounts and percentages included in this 
Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for the same category 
presented in different contexts may vary slightly and figures in certain other contexts may not be an exact 
arithmetic result of the figures shown herein.
I
Distribution of Assets, Liabilities, Stockholders’ Equity, Interest Rates and Interest Differentials
(A)
Average Balance Sheet and Interest Rate Data
The following tables set forth information on the Group’s average balances of assets and liabilities and related 
interest rates for the years ended 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023 based on the BRSA Financial Statements. 
For the purpose of the tables below and otherwise throughout this “Selected Bank Statistical and Other 
Information” section, and unless otherwise stated, the term “average” with respect to the year ended 31 
December 2021, 2022 and 2023 means the average of the year end period balances of the applicable item, as 
presented in the BRSA Financial Statements. The weighted averages of the balance of total loans and interest 
rates are calculated according to the quarterly announced audit reports as the base year. If such information has 
been calculated on a weighted average or daily basis, material differences may have resulted.

--- Page 138 ---
138
Closing balances for year ended 31 December 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Closing spot
balance
Average
balance
Interest 
income
/(expense)
Average
yield/rate paid
Closing spot
balance
Average
balance
Interest
income
/(expense)
Average
yield/rate paid
Closing spot 
balance
Average
balance
Interest 
income 
/(expense)
Average
yield/rate paid
(TL thousands) 
Interest-earning assets
Total cash .............................
2,038,128 
1,530,877 
998 
0.1%
— 
9,520 
— 
8.5%
—
—
—
45.0%
Total banks ...........................
1,781,672 
1,003,410 
8,372 
0.8%
904,499 
2,593,934 
43,526 
20.1%
4,546,715
2,138,134
166,430 
7.1%
Total government debt 
securities(1) ............................
12,306,214 
9,852,123 
1,113,008 
11.3%
25,332,295 
22,207,231 
(4,139,197)
9.7%
29,679,172
27,242,623
4,991,850
17.6%
Total money market 
placements ............................
1,421,026 
1,422,011 
244,166 
17.2%
5,721,295 
3,927,225 
(662,270)
15.5%
7,424,388
5,865,491
1,645,886
42.8%
Total performing loans and 
lease receivables ...................
63,904,561 
51,512,474 
3,171,671 
6.2%
79,163,364 
71,608,077 
5,499,985 
8.6%
128,589,491
109,334,208
(11,911,070 )
(11.7)%
Others ...................................
391,141 
262,678 
3,143 
1.2%
— 
— 
29,256 
20.7%
0
—
57,626
14.2%
Total interest earning 
assets ....................................
81,842,742 
65,583,580 
4,541,358 
6.9%
111,121,201 
100,345,988 
10,373,925 
9.9%
170,239,766 
144,580,456
17,789,246 
13.2%
Non-interest earning assets ...
2,253,743 
2,197,842 
— 
— 
6,500,459 
4,986,520 
— 
0.0%
10,674,086
8,300,336
—
0.0%
Total Assets .........................
84,096,485 
67,781,422 
4,541,338 
6.7%
117,621,660 
105,332,509 
10,373,925 
9.9%
180,913,852
152,880,792
17,789,246 
13.2%
Interest-bearing liabilities 
Total deposits ........................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
—
—
—
— 
Funds borrowed ....................
54,244,022 
43,270,493 
634,282 
1.5%
74,643,212 
68,722,803 
1,994,175 
4.4%
112,894,200
98,449,899
5,930,407
6.3%
Money market balances ........
774,695 
909,968 
42,576 
4.7%
72,472,123 
2,196,425 
135,139 
7.6%
3,727,880
4,222,445
396,744
18.3%
Marketable securities issued 
(net) ......................................
18,957,145 
14,638,962 
989,918 
6.8%
21,383,811 
19,448,145 
1,353,995 
6.1%
32,640,419
24,236,601
1,656,777
7.4%
Others ...................................
709,860 
557,717 
11,247 
2.0%
1,137,149 
1,079,412 
20,334 
0.0%
1,319,001
1,416,992
80,089
0.0%
Total interest-bearing 
liabilities ..............................
74,685,722 
59,377,139 
1,678,023 
2.8%
99,636,295 
91,446,784 
3,503,653 
4.8%
150,581,500 
128,325,936
8,064,017 
6.8%
Non-interest-bearing 
liabilities ...............................
9,410,763 
8,404,284 
— 
— 
17,985,365 
13,885,724 
0.0 
0.0%
30,332,352
24,554,856 
—
0.0%
Total liabilities.....................
84,096,485 
67,781,422 
1,678,023 
2.5%
117,621,660 
105,332,509 
3,503,653 
4.8%
180,913,852
152,880,792
8,064,017 
6.8%

--- Page 139 ---
139 
Note: 
(1)
Includes “financial assets at fair value through profit or loss,” “financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income,” and “financial assets measured at amortised cost”.

--- Page 140 ---
140
(B)
Net Changes in Interest Income and Expense – Volume and Rate Analysis
The following table provides a comparative analysis of changes in the Group’s interest income and interest 
expense for the years ended 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023. Changes in interest income or interest expense 
are attributed to either (i) changes in average balances (volume change) of interest-earning assets or interest-
bearing liabilities or (ii) changes in average rates (rate change) at which interest income was earned on such 
assets or at which interest expense was incurred on such liabilities. Volume change is calculated as the change 
in volume multiplied by the current rate, while the rate change is calculated as the change in rate multiplied by 
the previous volume.
For the year ended 31 December 
2021 vs 2022 
2022 vs 2023 
Change in 
interest 
income/ 
(expense)
Change in
volume
Change in
rates
Change in
interest 
income/ 
(expense)
Change in
volume
Change in 
rates
(TL thousands) 
Interest-earning assets 
Total cash .............................................  
—
(1,521,357) 
(8.4)%
— 
(9,521) 
(36.5)%
Total banks ...........................................  
34,845
1,590,524
19.3% 
122,904 
(455,800) 
(12.9)%
Total securities ......................................  
(5,252,205) 
12,355,108 
(1.6)%
852,653 
5,035,391
7.9% 
Total money market placements ...........  
(906,436) 
2,505,214 
(1.7)%
983,616 
1,938,266
27.3% 
Total loans and lease receivables ..........  
2,328,314 
20,095,603 
2.4% 
6,411,085 
37,726,131
3.1% 
Others ...................................................  
26,113
(262,678) 
19.5% 
28,370 
—
(6.4)%
Total interest earning assets ..................  
5,832,567 
34,762,408 
3.0% 
8,398,628 
44,234,467
3.3% 
Interest-bearing liabilities 
Total deposits ........................................  
—
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
Funds borrowed ....................................  
1,359,893 
25,452,310 
2.9% 
3,936,232
29,727,096
1.9% 
Money market balances ........................  
92,563
1,286,457
2.9% 
261,605
2,026,020
10.8% 
Marketable securities issued (net) .........  
364,077
4,809,183 
(0.7)%
302,782
4,788,456
1.3% 
Others ...................................................  
9,087
521,695 
(2.0)%
59,745
337,580
0.0% 
Total interest-bearing liabilities ............  
1,825,630 
32,069,645 
2.0% 
4,560,364
36,879,151
2.0% 
II
Investment Portfolio 
Prior to 1 January 2018, the Group’s securities portfolio comprised trading securities (i.e., debt and equity 
securities that the Group principally held for the purpose of short-term profit taking, which were reflected on 
the balance sheet as “financial assets at fair value through profit or loss”) and investment securities (i.e. held to 
maturity securities and available for sale securities). 
Since 1 January 2018, the Group has applied TFRS 9 and classifies its financial assets in the following 
measurement categories: a) financial assets measured at fair value through profit/loss; b) financial assets 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income; and c) financial assets measured at amortised 
costs.
The Group also enters into purchases (sales) of securities under agreements to resell (repurchase) substantially 
identical investments at a certain date in the future at a fixed price (i.e., “repos”). Securities sold under

--- Page 141 ---
141
repurchase agreements continue to be recognised in the balance sheet and are measured in accordance with the 
accounting policy for the related security portfolio as appropriate.
The Group also pledges securities to acquire funding under security repurchase agreements. The Group’s 
repurchase agreements are based on the Eurobonds and government bonds issued by the Republic of Türkiye. 
Marketable securities subject to repurchase agreements are classified under assets at fair value through profit 
or loss, assets at fair value through other comprehensive income or assets measured at amortised costs. 
(A)
Book Value of Investments
The following table provides a breakdown of securities (on a book-value basis) held by the Group as of the 
dates indicated:
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss
TL denominated ...............................................................  
42,759
175,599
409,358
Foreign currency denominated .........................................  
263,097
—
—
Total financial assets measured at fair value through 
profit and loss ................................................................... 
305,856
175,599
409,358
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
TL denominated ...............................................................  
2,642,160
3,779,021
3,851,908
Foreign currency denominated .........................................  
6,293,117
7,310,268
5,914,430
Total financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ............................................  
8,935,277
11,089,289
9,766,338
Financial assets at amortised cost
TL denominated ...............................................................  
3,321,632
6,195,613
8,392,539
Foreign currency denominated .........................................  
634,071
6,630,368
10,501,573
Total financial assets measured at amortised cost ............  
3,955,703
12,825,981
18,894,112
Total .................................................................................  
13,196,836
24,090,869
29,069,808
The following table sets out the Group’s total consolidated investment securities portfolio in Turkish currency 
and in foreign currencies as of the dates indicated: 
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Turkish Lira-denominated securities ................................  
6,006,551
10,150,233
12,653,805
Foreign currency-denominated and indexed securities ....  
7,190,285
13,940,636
16,416,003

--- Page 142 ---
142
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Total securities .................................................................  
13,196,836
24,090,869
29,069,808
1.
Financial Assets Measured at Fair Value through Profit or Loss 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are financial assets other than the ones that are managed 
within a business model that aims to collect contractual cash flows or a business model that aims to collect both 
the contractual cash flows and cash flows arising from the sale of assets. Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss also consist of cases whereby the contractual terms of financial assets do not lead to cash flows 
representing solely payments of principal and interest at a certain date; that are either acquired for generating a 
profit from short-term fluctuations in prices or are financial assets included in a portfolio aiming for short-term 
profit making.
The Group classifies certain loans and securities issued at their origination dates, as financial assets or liabilities 
at fair value through profit or loss, irrevocably, in order to eliminate any accounting mismatch in compliance 
with TFRS 9.
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s financial assets measured at fair value through profit 
or loss as of the dates indicated:
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Government debt securities(1)
TL denominated ...............................................................  
—
—
—
Foreign currency denominated .........................................  
—
—
—
Total government debt securities(1) ...............................  
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
—
TL denominated ...............................................................  
32,276
98,313
7,440
Foreign currency denominated .........................................  
—
—
—
Total equity instruments ................................................  
32,276
98,313
7,440
Other financial assets
TL denominated ...............................................................  
10,483
77,286
401,918
Foreign currency denominated .........................................  
263,097
—
—
Total other financial assets ............................................  
273,580
77,286
401,918
Total .................................................................................  
305,856
175,599
409,358
Note:

--- Page 143 ---
143
(1)
Government debt securities include government bonds, treasury bills and Eurobonds. 
2.
Financial Assets Measured at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income comprise assets with contractual 
terms that do lead to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest at certain dates. Financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are recognised by adding transaction cost to acquisition 
cost reflecting the fair value of the financial asset. After the recognition, financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income is measured at fair value. Interest income calculated with effective interest rate 
method arising from financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and dividend income 
from equity securities are recorded to the Group’s income statement.
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income as of the dates indicated:
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Government debt securities(1)
TL denominated ...............................................................  
2,254,125
2,846,542
3,669,367
Foreign currency denominated .........................................  
6,096,386
6,903,245
5,161,094
Total government debt securities(1) ...............................  
8,350,511
9,749,787
8,830,461
Equity instruments
TL denominated ...............................................................  
83,751
112,705
163,648
Foreign currency denominated .........................................  
196,731
407,023
753,336
Total equity instruments ................................................  
280,482
519,728
916,984
Other financial assets
TL denominated ...............................................................  
304,284
819,774
18,893
Foreign currency denominated .........................................  
—
—
—
Total other financial assets ............................................  
304,284
819,774
18,893
Total .................................................................................  
8,935,277
10,676,547
9,766,338
Note: 
(1)
Government debt securities include government bonds, treasury bills and Eurobonds. 
3.
Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost
Financial assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely 
payments of principal and interest are classified as financial assets measured at amortised cost. Financial assets 
measured at amortised cost are initially recognised at acquisition cost including the transaction costs which 
reflect the fair value of those instruments and subsequently recognised at amortised cost by using effective 
interest rate method. Interest income obtained from financial assets measured at amortised cost is accounted in

--- Page 144 ---
144
the Group’s income statement. All loans of the Group are classified under financial assets measured at amortised 
cost after passing the test of whether the cash flows from contracts are made only by interest and principal 
during the period.
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s financial assets measured at amortised cost as of the 
dates indicated:
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Government debt securities(1)
TL denominated ...............................................................  
3,321,632
6,195,613
8,392,539
Foreign currency denominated .........................................  
634,071
6,630,368
10,501,573
Total government debt securities(1) ...............................  
3,955,703
12,825,981
18,894,112
Other financial assets
TL denominated ...............................................................  
—
—
—
Foreign currency denominated .........................................  
—
—
—
Total other financial assets ............................................  
—
—
—
Total .................................................................................  
3,955,703
12,825,981
18,894,112
Note: 
(1)
Government debt securities include government bonds, treasury bills and Eurobonds. 
(B)
Maturity of Investments
The following table presents the maturities of the Group’s securities in the Group’s securities portfolio as at 31 
December 2023: 
As at 31 December 2023 
On
demand
Up to 1 
month
1-3 
months
3-12
months
1-5 years
Over 5
years
Sub-total
>12
months
No fixed
maturity
Total
(TL thousands) 
Turkish Lira 
denominated
Trading securities ............. 
—
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
Investment securities ........ 
—
11,225 
32,151 
3,502,145 
4,314,534 
4,316,578 
8,631,112 
477,172 
12,653,805
Total Turkish Lira 
denominated .................... 
—
11,225 
32,151 
3,502,145 
4,314,534 
4,316,578 
8,631,112 
477,172 
12,653,805
Foreign Currency 
denominated
Trading securities ............. 
—
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
Investment securities ........ 
—
5,955 
949,496 
10,350,908 
4,356,308 
14,707,216 
753,336 
16,416,003 
16,416,003

--- Page 145 ---
145
As at 31 December 2023 
On
demand
Up to 1 
month
1-3 
months
3-12
months
1-5 years
Over 5
years
Sub-total
>12
months
No fixed
maturity
Total
(TL thousands) 
Total Foreign Currency 
denominated .................... 
—
— 
5,955 
949,496 
10,350,908 
4,356,308 
14,707,216 
753,336 
16,416,003
Total ................................ 
—
11,225 
38,106 
4,451,641 
14,665,442 
8,672,886 
23,338,328 
1,230,508 
29,069,808
III
Loan Portfolio
(A)
Types of Loans
The Group offers a wide range of credit instruments to entities and individuals, including letters of credit and 
short-term and long-term loans. The Group has not granted any commercial loans with instalments or any 
corporate credit cards. The following table provides details of the Group’s loan portfolio, classified by economic 
sector, as of each of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Agriculture ..........................................  
32,335
0.05 
42,641 
0.05 
85,207 
0.07
Industry ...............................................  
32,680,504
52.68 
53,391,744 
67.93 
86,709,745 
68.13
Mining and Quarrying ..........................  
1,055,091
1.70 
1,635,242 
2.08 
1,771,012 
1.39
Manufacturing. .....................................  
10,401,624
16.77 
18,253,334 
23.22 
34,588,255 
27.18
Electricity, Gas, Water ..........................  
21,223,789
34.21 
33,503,168 
42.63 
50,350,478 
39.56
Construction ........................................  
2,252,343
3.63 
2,910,294 
3.70 
3,112,338 
2.45
Services(1) .............................................  
20,087,262
32.38 
20,719,000 
26.36 
34,617,413 
27.20
Wholesale and Retail Trade ..................  
612,996
0.99 
689,637 
0.88 
481,012 
0.38
Hotel and Restaurant Services ..............  
1,653,285
2.66 
1,622,873 
2.06 
3,636,934 
2.86
Transportation and Communication ......  
2,676,554
4.31 
5,926,577 
7.54 
11,172,162 
8.78
Financial Institutions ............................  
12,419,290
20.02 
8,298,407 
10.56 
13,351,262 
10.49
Real Estate and Rental Services ............  
110,014
0.18 
497,521 
0.63 
579,957 
0.46
Self-Employed Services ........................  
—
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
Educational Services .............................  
231,705
0.37 
455,968 
0.58 
488,087 
0.38
Health and Social Services ...................  
1,870,373
3.01 
3,228,017 
4.11 
4,907,999 
3.86
Other ....................................................  
12,540,481
20.21 
1,532,540 
1.95 
2,745,984 
2.16
Performing Loans ...............................  
62,038,994
100 
78,596,219 
100 
127,270,687 
100.00
Leasing Receivables .............................  
346,567
— 
380,231 
0.05 
452,370 
—
Non-performing Loans .........................  
2,081,519
— 
2,333,976 
67.93 
3,946,128 
—
Total Loans and Advances to 
Customers ............................................. 
64,467,080
— 
81,310,426
2.08 
131,669,185 
—

--- Page 146 ---
146
As of 31 December 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
Allowance for Loan Losses ..................  
3,123,499
— 
5,519,988 
23.22 
8,269,962 
—
Net Loans and Advances to 
Customer .............................................  
61,343,581
— 
75,790,438
42.63 
123,399,223 
—
Note: 
(1)
Services includes the sum of wholesale and retail trade, hotel and restaurant services, transportation and communication, financial 
institutions, real estate and rental services, self-employed services, educational services and health and social services. 
The following table sets out an analysis by currency of the exposure of the Group’s cash and non-cash loan 
portfolio (including interest and other accruals) as of the dates indicated: 
As of 31 December 
2021 
2022 
2023 
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Cash Loans
Turkish Lira ........................................  
5,223,984
8.42% 
7,738,893 
9.85% 
10,205,968 
8.02% 
Foreign Currency(1).............................  
56,815,010
91.58% 
70,857,326 
90.15 % 117,064,719 
91.98% 
U.S. Dollars ..........................................  
32,414,368
52.25% 
43,371,601 
55.18 % 
65,684,424 
51.61% 
Euro ......................................................  
24,400,642
39.33% 
27,485,725 
34.97 % 
51,380,295 
40.37% 
Other .....................................................  
—
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
Total Cash Loans ................................  
62,038,994
100% 
78,596,219 
100% 127,270,687 
100% 
Non-cash Loans 
Letters of Guarantee ...........................  
2,912,801
35.17% 
3,735,544 
51.13% 
8,101,351 
66.28% 
Turkish Lira ..........................................  
247,406
2.99% 
1,166,774 
15.97% 
2,378,872 
19.46% 
Foreign Currency ..................................  
2,660,952
32.13% 
2,568,770 
35.16% 
5,722,479 
46.82% 
Acceptance Credits .............................  
170,742
2.06% 
39,643 
0.54% 
— 
—
Turkish Lira ..........................................  
—
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
Foreign Currency ..................................  
170,742
2.06% 
39,643 
0.54% 
— 
—
Letters of Credit ..................................  
5,199,005
62.77% 
3,530,422 
48.32% 
4,121,492 
33.72% 
Turkish Lira ..........................................  
85,905
1.04% 
321,520 
4.40% 
129,703 
1.06% 
Foreign Currency ..................................  
5,113,100
61.73% 
3,208,902 
43.92% 
3,991,789 
32.66% 
Other Guarantee .................................  
—
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
Turkish Lira ..........................................  
—
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
Foreign Currency ..................................  
—
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
Total Non-cash Loans .........................  
8,282,548
100% 
7,305,609 
100% 
12,222,843 
100% 
Total Loans..........................................  
64,120,513
100% 
85,901,828 
100% 131,216,815 
100% 
Note:

--- Page 147 ---
147
(1)
Foreign currency loans include foreign currency indexed loans. 
The following table provides details of the Group’s domestic and foreign loans as of each of the dates indicated:
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Domestic loans .................................................................  
61,814,867
78,308,933
127,270,684
Foreign loans ....................................................................  
224,127
287,286
—
Total .................................................................................  
62,038,994
78,596,219
127,270,684
(B)
Maturities of Investments
The following table provides details of the maturity profile of the Group (based upon scheduled repayments) as 
of the date indicated, including accrued interest. 
As at 31 December 2023 
Up to 1 
month
1-3
months
3-12
months
1-5 years
Over 5
years
Total
(TL thousands) 
Domestic loans .....................................  
6,285,623
12,509,270 
27,281,948 
61,938,287 
19,255,556 
127,270,684
Foreign loans ........................................  
—
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
Total .....................................................  
6,285,623
12,509,270
27,281,948
61,938,287
19,255,556
127,270,684
IV
Deposits
The Group is not authorised to accept deposits.
V
Short-Term Borrowings
The following table sets out a breakdown of loans to the Group from banks outstanding as of the dates indicated 
by source and maturity profile (including accrued interest): 
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Short-term borrowings .....................................................  
30,018
251,625
601,435
Long-term debts (short-term portion) ..............................  
9,915,438
13,466,333
24,250,584
Long-term debts (medium and long-term portion) ...........  
44,328,584
60,925,254
88,042,181
Total .................................................................................  
54,274,040
74,643,312
112,894,200

--- Page 148 ---
148
The following table sets out certain information as to the currency of the Group’s borrowings outstanding 
(including accrued interest) as of the dates indicated: 
As of 31 December 
2021 
2022 
2023 
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Turkish Lira ..........................................  
119,231
0.2% 
— 
— 
175,418 
0.7% 
Foreign Currency ..................................  
54,154,809
99.8% 
70,814,085 
100% 106,675,692 
99.2% 
Total .....................................................  
54,274,040
100% 
70,814,085 
100% 106,851,110 
100% 
The following table sets out certain information as to the maturity profile of the Group’s borrowings outstanding 
(including accrued interest) as of the dates indicated: 
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Short-term borrowings .....................................................  
30,018
251,625
601,435
Long-term debts (short-term portion) ..............................  
15,300,018
21,102,325
24,250,584
Long-term debts (medium and long-term portion) ...........  
58,780,641
74,842,719
81,999,091
Total .................................................................................  
74,110,677
96,196,669
106,851,110

--- Page 149 ---
149
CAPITALISATION 
The following table sets forth the medium- and long-term indebtedness and equity of the Group as of 31 
December 2023.
As of 
31 December 2023
(TL thousands)
Medium and long-term indebtedness:
Medium and long-term debt securities in issue(1) ....................................................... 
6,043,090
Total medium- and long-term indebtedness ........................................................... 
6,043,090
Equity:
Paid-in Capital............................................................................................................ 
2,800,000
Capital Reserves (Capital Reserves, Profit Reserves) ................................................ 
7,759,966
Share premium ........................................................................................................... 
1,007
Share Cancellation Profits .......................................................................................... 
—
Accumulated other comprehensive income or loss that will not be reclassified 
through profit or loss .................................................................................................. 
4,006,279
Other (Profit or Loss, Non-Controlling Interest) ........................................................ 
7,257,800
Total equity ............................................................................................................... 
21,825,052
Total capitalisation(2) ................................................................................................ 
27,854,491
Note: 
(1)
Subordinated loans 
(2)
Total capitalisation is defined by the group as total medium- and long-term indebtedness plus total equity. 
As of the date hereof, there has been no significant change in total capitalisation since 31 December 2023.

--- Page 150 ---
150
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial position and results of operations of the 
Group covers the financial years ended 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023. Unless otherwise specified, the 
financial information presented in this discussion has been extracted from the BRSA Financial Statements for 
such years or periods without material adjustment. This section should be read in conjunction with such BRSA 
Financial Statements and the notes thereto and the other financial information included in (or incorporated by 
reference into) this Base Prospectus (including the section entitled “Presentation of Financial Information” and 
“Selected Bank Statistical and Other Information”). The BRSA Financial Statements for such periods have been 
prepared in accordance with BRSA regulations as described in “Presentation of Financial Information”. For a 
discussion of significant differences between the BRSA Principles and IFRS, see “Appendix – Overview of 
Significant Differences Between IFRS and BFRS Accounting Principles”. Refer to Section Three Note I of the 
2023 BRSA Financial Statements which details that there are differences between accounting principles and 
standards set out by regulations in conformity with BRSA Accounting and Financial Reporting Legislation and 
the accounting principles generally accepted in countries in which the accompanying unconsolidated financial 
statements are to be distributed and IFRS including non-application of IAS 29 Financial Reporting in 
Hyperinflation Economies.
The BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein, all of which are in English, were prepared 
as convenience translations of the corresponding Turkish language BRSA financial statements (which 
translations the Bank confirms were direct and accurate). The English language BRSA Financial Statements 
were not prepared for the purpose of their incorporation by reference into this Base Prospectus.
Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below and elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus includes “forward-looking statements”. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, 
uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or 
implied by such forward-looking statements. See the section entitled “Cautionary Statement Regarding 
Forward-Looking Statements”.
The Group’s financial condition and results of operations depend significantly upon the macro-economic 
conditions prevailing in Türkiye and prospective investors should consider the factors set forth under “Risk 
Factors — Risks Related to the Group’s Business” and “Risk Factors — Political, Economic and Legal Risks 
Related to Türkiye”.
The discussion and analysis of the financial position and results of operations of the Group in this Base 
Prospectus are based upon the BRSA Financial Statements. As elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, the term 
“Group” is used in this section to denote the Group on a consolidated basis and the term “Bank” in this section 
indicates that the context refers to the Bank on a stand-alone basis.
Overview
The Group provides a wide range of banking and advisory services, only in Türkiye, including corporate 
banking, investment banking and advisory services. The Group is a development and investment bank and is 
not authorised to accept deposits or engage in retail banking activities. The Group operates in a highly 
competitive banking market in Türkiye.
As of December 2023, 63 banks (including domestic and foreign banks, including participation banks, but 
excluding the CBRT) were operating in Türkiye, 33 of which were deposit-taking banks, 20 of which (including 
the Bank) were development and investment banks and 9 of which were participation banks, which conduct 
their business under different legislation in accordance with Islamic banking principles. Of the deposit-taking

--- Page 151 ---
151
banks, 21 were private foreign banks, 9 were private domestic banks, 3 were government-controlled banks and 
1 was under the administration of the SDIF. The Bank has one branch, in Ankara, as well as its principal İstanbul 
office.
As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s total capital adequacy ratio was 26.0 per cent. and its Tier I capital 
adequacy ratio was 24.8 per cent., both as calculated in accordance with Basel III rules that came into effect on 
1 January 2014. See “Capital Adequacy” below. As of the same date, the Group’s shareholders’ equity was TL 
21,825 million and its liquid asset ratio (being (a) total amount of cash and balances with the CBRT, banks, 
derivative financial assets, financial assets at fair value through profit and loss, financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at amortised cost divided by (b) the Group’s 
total assets) was 15.3 per cent. The Group’s net operating income was TL 1,359 million in 2021, TL 4,739 
million in 2022 and TL 8,493 million in 2023 while its net period profit from continuing operations was TL 
1,097 million in 2021, TL 4,106 million in 2022 and TL 7,150 million in 2023. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group had total assets of TL 180.9 billion, an increase of 53.8 per cent. from TL 
117.6 billion as of 31 December 2022, which was an increase of 36.6 per cent. from TL 86.1 billion as of 31 
December 2021.
The Group’s loan portfolio grew from TL 64.1 billion as of 31 December 2021, to TL 80.9 billion as of 31 
December 2022 and increased to TL 131.2 billion as of 31 December 2023, a growth rate of 26.2 per cent. in 
2022 and 62.1 per cent. in 2023. The Group’s policy is to comply with the provisioning levels required by law. 
For additional information on regulatory requirements for provisioning, see “Business of the Group – Lending 
Policies and Procedures – Loan Classification and Provisioning Policy”, “Risk Factors – The activities of the 
Group are highly regulated and changes to applicable laws or regulations, the interpretation or enforcement of 
such laws or regulations or the failure to comply with such laws or regulations could have an adverse impact 
on the Group’s business” and “Turkish Regulatory Environment – Loan Loss Reserves”. The Bank’s NPL ratios 
were 3.2 per cent., 2.9 per cent. and 3.0 per cent. as of 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 
As of 31 December 2023, 89.2 per cent. of the Group’s performing loans and 99.8 per cent. of the Group’s total 
funds borrowed were denominated in foreign currencies, principally U.S. Dollars and Euro. 
Significant Factors Affecting the Group’s Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations depend significantly upon the macro- 
economic conditions prevailing in Türkiye as well as other factors. The impact of these and other potential 
factors may vary significantly in the future and many of these factors are outside the control of the Group. 
Prospective investors should (among other things) consider the factors set forth under “Cautionary Statement 
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors”. The following describes the most significant of 
such factors since the beginning of 2021. 
Turkish Economy and Monetary Policy
All of the Group’s operations (and almost all of its loans) are in Türkiye. Accordingly, the Group’s operational 
results and financial condition have been and will continue to be significantly affected by Turkish political and 
economic factors, including the economic growth rate, the rate of inflation, fluctuations in exchange and interest 
rates and changes in CBRT’s monetary policy stance. Türkiye’s economy has experienced significant volatility 
in recent periods. Recent years have been characterised by a high degree of economic fluctuations, as a result 
of a number of factors, including continued volatility in global financial markets and increased geopolitical 
tension. The current credit ratings of Türkiye and the Turkish banking sector are the result of a series of 
downgrades and negative actions taken by the credit agencies in recent years. As of end of 2023, Türkiye’s

--- Page 152 ---
152
sovereign rating is set at B by S&P with stable outlook, B3 by Moody’s with stable outlook, and B+ by Fitch 
with positive outlook. 
Monetary policy in Türkiye has evolved in response to the global and domestic macroeconomic conditions. 
After a period of tightening in 2018, the CBRT cut the one-week repo rate to 12.00 per cent. at the end of 2019 
from 24.00 per cent. at the end of 2018. Then, it continued to reduce the policy rate in early 2020. The one-
week repo rate was reduced by 375 basis points to 8.25 per cent. in the first half of 2020. However, the CBRT 
reversed the course and increased the rates dramatically to 17.00 per cent. in the second half of 2020 and to 
19.00 per cent. in January 2021. After keeping policy interest rates unchanged at 19.00 per cent. between March 
and August in 2021, the CBRT began its easing cycle by cutting rates by 100 basis points in September. Then 
the CBRT reduced policy rates by 200 basis points in October 2021, 100 basis points each in November and 
December meetings, and set the one-week repo rate at 14.00 per cent. as of end of 2021. As a result, the Turkish 
Lira depreciated by 76.8 per cent. against the U.S. dollar from the beginning of 2021 to year end.
While the CBRT kept interest rates unchanged until August 2022, it cut the policy rate by 100 basis points each 
in August and September meetings and 150 basis points each in October and November meetings, and 50 basis 
points in February 2023, finally setting the one-week rate at 8.50 per cent. During the 2022 year, CBRT and 
BRSA implemented several macroprudential measures to contain the volatility in domestic financial markets. 
However, Turkish Lira depreciated by 44.1 per cent. against the US Dollar during the year due to high external 
funding requirements amid the ongoing geopolitical uncertainties and tight global financial conditions.
Throughout the first several months of 2023, CBRT continued its monetary tightening process in an attempt to 
establish the disinflation course. However, following the elections in May 2023 there were major changes in 
the economic administration. Hafize Gaye Erkan was appointed as the new Governer of CBRT and monetary 
policy council members changed as well. CBRT has withdrawn some of the macroprudential measures 
introduced earlier and simplified the regulations. Starting in June 2023, CBRT has started increasing the policy 
rates with an initial hike from 8.50 per cent. to 15.00 per cent. and kept on raising the rates further. In addition 
to policy rate decision, in the second half of 2023 CBRT also implemented quantitative tightening by extending 
the sterilization tools at its disposal in order to limit the effect of inflows and outflows of capital and further 
support the monetary tightening process. 
At its January 2024 meeting, CBRT raised the policy rate from 42.50 per cent. to 45.00 per cent. and assessed 
that the monetary tightness required to establish the disinflation course was achieved and that current level of 
policy rate would be maintained until there is a significant decline in the underlying trend of monthly inflation 
and until inflation expectations converge to the projected forecast range.
The CBRT’s changes to monetary policy have had a limited direct impact on the Group’s financial performance 
during the periods under review as the Group relies principally on long-term funding from DFIs, and its 
dependence on short-term TL funding is negligible. Nevertheless, the CBRT’s monetary policy has a significant 
effect on the economic conditions in Türkiye, stability of the Turkish Lira and, in turn, many of the Group’s 
borrowers’ financial conditions. The following table provides key macro-economic indicators for Türkiye, 
including real GDP, inflation rates and the CBRT’s overnight TL interest rate and repo rate for each of the 
indicated periods: 
As of (or for the year ended) 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Nominal GDP at current prices (TL millions) ..................  
7,248,789
14,549,240
25,430,961

--- Page 153 ---
153
As of (or for the year ended) 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Real GDP growth .............................................................  
11.4%
5.2%
4.2%
Deficit/surplus of central gov budget/GDP ......................  
(2.8)%
(1.0)%
(5.4)%
Consumer Price Inflation .................................................  
36.1%
64.3%
64.8%
Producer Price Inflation ...................................................  
79.9%
97.7%
44.3%
Central Bank overnight TL interest rate, period-end(1) .....  
12.50%
7.50%
41.00%
Central Bank weekly TL repo rate, period-end ................  
14%
9%
42.50%
Refinancing rate of the Central Bank, period-end(2) .........  
15.50%
10.50%
44.00%
Nominal appreciation (depreciation) of the Turkish Lira 
against the U.S. Dollar(3) .................................................. 
(76.80)%
(44.1)%
(57.2)%
CPI-based real effective exchange rate appreciation 
(depreciation) (2003=100) ............................................... 
(22.95)%
14.50%
0.71%
Total gross gold and international currency reserves, 
period-end (U.S. Dollars, millions) .................................. 
111,051
128,754
141,060
Sources: TurkStat for nominal GDP at current prices, real GDP growth and inflation; Turkish Ministry of Finance, General Directorate 
of Public Accounts, for deficit/surplus of consolidated budget; and CBRT for reference overnight interest rate, refinancing rate, nominal 
appreciation (depreciation) of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. Dollar, real effective exchange rate, total gross gold and international 
currency reserves.
Notes: 
(1)
The overnight borrowing rate announced by the CBRT. 
(2)
The overnight lending rate, marginal funding rate, announced by the CBRT. 
(3)
According to CBRT buying rates. 
The Group has experienced stable NPL ratios in recent periods. The Group’s ratio of NPLs to total cash loans 
was 3.2 per cent. as of 31 December 2021, 2.9 per cent. as of 31 December 2022 and 3.0 per cent. as of 31 
December 2023. Although the Group’s NPL ratio remains higher than the banking sector average, its NPL ratio 
has remained approximately at the same level from 31 December 2021 to 31 December 2023.
Market Environment, Interest Rates and Net Interest Income and Margin
The Group’s results of operations depend heavily upon the level of its net interest income, which is the 
difference between interest income from interest earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing 
liabilities. Net interest income (which also includes net income or losses from trading) contributed 75.2 per 
cent. and 78.8 per cent. of the Group’s operating income for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022, 
respectively, and net interest margin as measured on a Bank-only basis was 4.9 per cent. and 6.9 per cent., 
respectively, over the same periods. In the year ended 31 December 2023, net interest income contributed 1.0 
per cent. of the Group’s operating income and net interest margin as measured on a Bank-only basis was 7.0 
per cent. over the same period. 
The Group’s interest income primarily comprises: (a) interest earned on its loan portfolio (TL 5,479 million, or 
52.8 per cent. of total interest income, in 2022 (TL 11,879 million and 63.4 per cent. for the year ended 31 
December 2023)) and (b) interest earned from its securities portfolio (TL 4,139 million, or 39.9 per cent. of

--- Page 154 ---
154
total interest income, in 2022 (TL 4,992 million and 26.6 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2023)). For 
further information on the Group’s securities portfolio, see “Securities Portfolio”. 
In 2021, 2022 and 2023, the net interest margin of the Bank was 4.9 per cent., 6.9 per cent. and 7.0 per cent., 
respectively. The net interest margin earned by the Bank is primarily affected by (1) the Bank’s funding rates, 
including repo rates and cost of funding from the Bank’s other sources of funding; (2) composition of the Bank’s 
loan and securities portfolio, including currency mix and mismatch between fixed and floating rates for its 
assets compared to liabilities; (3) lending rates, which are in turn affected by the competitive environment; and 
(4) market conditions that affect the pricing of the Group’s securities portfolio. The Group’s primary sources of 
funding for the periods under review have been funds borrowed from DFIs, Eurobonds, syndication loans, repo 
transactions with banks, including the CBRT when it was applicable, and certain other money market 
transactions. The Group’s reliance on long-term funding from DFIs denominated in foreign currencies, to a 
large degree, insulates its costs of funding to the influences of near-term macroeconomic developments in 
Türkiye and the monetary policy implementation by the CBRT. Further, the Bank’s loan portfolio has a 
significantly lower duration than its funding and therefore re-prices more quickly, and is therefore more 
sensitive to interest rates movements in the short-term. 
The level of, and fluctuations in, interest rates in Türkiye influence the return on the Group’s securities portfolio 
and its loan rates as well as the Bank’s cost of funding. 
Interest earned and paid on the Group’s assets and liabilities reflects, to a certain degree, actual inflation, 
inflation expectations, shifts in short-term interest rates set by the CBRT and movements in long-term real 
interest rates (with respect to the Group’s foreign currency-denominated liabilities), including similar changes 
in global markets. Although the impact of decreasing interest rates earned on assets during the periods under 
review has had a direct and material impact on the Group’s profitability, and the Group has been further 
negatively affected by competitive pressures from both the public and private sector banks, the Group has 
utilised low cost and long-term sources for raising funds, thereby mitigating this competitive pressure.
Turkish Lira interest rates affect the cost of the Bank’s daily repo funding, which is affected by the CBRT’s 
policy actions. See “Turkish Economy and Monetary Policy” above. The Bank’s average cost of CBRT funding 
was 43.5 per cent. as of 31 December 2023 and 25.18 per cent. on average for 2023. As the average maturity of 
the Bank’s Turkish Lira loan book is relatively short and a majority of the securities portfolio is formed of 
floating rate notes, the impact of higher Turkish Lira interest rates generally has a positive effect on the Bank 
in the short-term. 
The Group’s strategy is to hedge any interest rate mismatch with derivative instruments and, as a result, the 
interest rates on the Group’s loans and funds are very closely matched. Due to the natural hedge in the Bank’s 
assets and liabilities, as supplemented by such hedges, the Group’s existing loan portfolio is not materially 
affected by changes in interest rates. The fixed/floating composition of the Group’s assets and liabilities is 
mainly determined by general market trends and customer demand. As a result, due to the highly competitive 
banking environment, the Group’s ability to change the naturally established composition of loans and funding 
base is limited. On the other hand, the Group tries to diversify its securities portfolio in terms of maturity and 
re-pricing periods in order to balance the duration mismatch of the entire balance sheet.
In 2023, Turkish banking sector loan growth was driven by a highly inflationary environment. Total loans and 
corporate loans in the banking sector increased by 34.5 per cent. and 24.9 per cent., respectively, in the year 
ended 31 December 2023, while the Bank’s total loans (all of them corporate) increased by 5.0 per cent., in the 
year ended 31 December 2023. Corporate loans for private banks, the Bank’s peer group, increased by 32.7 per 
cent. in the year ended 31 December 2023. All figures are given foreign currency adjustment.
In 2023, the Bank has experienced an increase in its TL-denominated loan book portfolio, which resulted in a 
47.9 per cent. increase in the Bank’s TL loan book portfolio compared to 2022. The share of energy loans and

--- Page 155 ---
155
foreign exchange loans in the Group’s total loan portfolio was 40.1 per cent. and 91.0 per cent., respectively, 
for the year ended 31 December 2023.
In addition, 35.9 per cent. of the Bank’s securities portfolio consisted of floating rate notes and CPI-linked 
securities as of 31 December 2023; however, the remaining securities portfolio, consisting of fixed rate notes, 
may create a negative or positive effect on the Bank’s equity as a result of changes in market interest rates. 
Further, as of 31 December 2023, the remaining 64.1 per cent. of the Bank’s securities portfolio consisting of 
fixed rate notes had an average maturity of 3.4 years. Only 17.9 per cent. of the Bank’s TL-denominated 
securities portfolio consists of fixed rate securities as at 31 December 2023. The remaining 82.1 per cent. of the 
Group’s TL-denominated securities portfolio as at 31 December 2023 (of which 71.7 per cent. is linked to CPI), 
is composed of floating rate notes which makes the Group’s portfolio more resilient to interest rate volatility. 
As of 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively, 51.8 per cent., 59.5 per cent. and 62.8 per cent. of the 
Bank’s loans and 47.7 per cent., 47.1 per cent. and 59.7 per cent. of the Bank’s interest-earning assets were at 
floating rates. 
The Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations have also been impacted by changes in CPI 
expectations in the market in accordance with realised inflation in 2023 and macroeconomic indicators. As a 
result of realised CPI of 64.2 per cent. in 2023, the Group’s interest income increased. 
Among the most significant drivers of the movements in interest rates as they affect the Group is the competitive 
environment, which has, in recent years, put pressure on net interest margins in the Turkish banking sector as a 
whole. In 2021, the sector felt the adverse impact of the sharp rate increases in the last quarter of 2020 and first 
quarter of 2021. In 2022, due to the impact of CPI linkages in a highly inflationary environment, the section 
NIM increased to 8.0 per cent. In 2023, the section NIM was 5.6 per cent.
TSKB was less impacted by these fluctuations, due to its long-term funding structure and lack of deposits. The 
Bank’s net interest margin was up from 4.9 per cent. to 6.9 per cent. in 2022 and increased in 2023 to 7.0 per 
cent. 
Fees and Commissions
The Group’s profitability is affected by the level of fees and commissions that it earns. In order to diversify its 
sources of revenue and obtain income in a capital efficient manner, the Group has been focusing more on 
advisory services. and incentivising its employees to increase the Group’s fee and commission income. The 
share of net fees and commissions to total operating income has been 4.0 per cent., 3.9 per cent. and 4.8 per 
cent. respectively, for 2021, 2022 and 2023. A significant portion of the Group’s fee and commission income is 
derived from its non-cash loan business and investment banking services as well as consultancy services. In 
order to increase fee and commissions income from consultancy services, the Bank also targets expanding its 
client base. The Group’s investment banking activities are operated by the Bank’s Corporate Finance 
Department, Treasury Marketing Unit and its subsidiary Yatırım Finansman Menkul Değerler A.Ș. (“Yatırım 
Finansman”), a local brokerage house, as described in greater detail below. The Group’s ability to increase its 
fee and commission income is also dependent upon the Bank’s Corporate Finance Department, which is active 
in initial public offerings, bond offerings, mergers and acquisitions and providing advisory services. As with 
these investment banking revenues, the commissions generated by the Bank’s corporate finance department are 
dependent upon the economic and political environment in Türkiye. 
A second significant influence on the Group’s ability to earn fee and commission income is the level of domestic 
competition, which has been significant during all macro-economic conditions. Competitive pressures from 
other banks to reduce fees on loan products and banking services require the Group either to lower its own fees 
(including waiving them in certain circumstances) in order to be competitive in the applicable business segment 
and/or to seek to develop new products that can earn additional fees and commissions within a prudent risk

--- Page 156 ---
156
management context. The Bank’s management believes that this competitive pressure will continue in all of the 
Group’s business segments, particularly as other Turkish banks have increased their focus on fee and 
commission income as the current environment of low interest rates has impacted net interest income.
Exchange Rates 
A significant portion of the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly in 
U.S. Dollars and Euros. As of 31 December 2023, 77.6 per cent. of the Group’s total assets and 83.8 per cent. 
of the Group’s total liabilities and shareholder’s equity were denominated in foreign currencies.
While the Group monitors its net position in foreign currencies (i.e. the amount by which its foreign currency 
risk-bearing assets differ from its foreign currency-denominated liabilities) and each of the Bank and the Group 
is required to comply with foreign currency position limits promulgated by the BRSA, each of the Bank and 
the Group has maintained and likely will continue to maintain gaps between the balances of its foreign currency-
denominated assets and liabilities. The foreign currency position limit imposed by the BRSA is defined as an 
amount plus/minus 20 per cent. of the total capital used in the calculation of regulatory capital adequacy ratios.
Historically, the Bank has sought to maintain a balance between such assets and liabilities based upon the actual 
composition of its balance sheet and off-balance sheet positions at any time and, as a general matter, does not 
enter into any speculative positions. Under BRSA rules, any foreign exchange gains and losses are accounted 
for together with any gains and losses from the Group’s investment in foreign exchange-based derivative 
financial instruments.
Even though the Group seeks to balance its actual foreign exchange position based upon the composition of its 
portfolio, the Group’s financial results are impacted by changes in foreign exchange rates as the Group translates 
such assets and liabilities, and interest earned from and paid on those assets and liabilities, into Turkish Lira. 
The overall effect of exchange rate movements on the Group’s results of operations depends upon the rate of 
depreciation or appreciation of the Turkish Lira against its principal trading and financing currencies.
The Bank recorded a net foreign exchange loss of TL 1,483 million in 2021 and a loss of TL 1,734 million in 
2022. In the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group recorded a loss of TL 203 million. In addition, a certain 
amount of foreign exchange liquidity is transferred into TL by short-term swaps, which are used in TL liquid 
assets for arbitrage and TL loan generation purposes. The expenses of these transactions are booked in trading 
income/(loss) item while the revenues are booked in interest income. 
Exchange rate movements also affect the Turkish Lira-equivalent value of the Group’s foreign currency- 
denominated assets, which can affect capital adequacy either positively (for example, if the Turkish Lira 
appreciates, then assets in foreign currencies convert into fewer Turkish Lira in the calculations of capital 
adequacy ratios and thus increase the capital adequacy ratios) or negatively (for example, if the Turkish Lira 
depreciates, then assets in foreign currency convert into more Turkish Lira in the calculations of capital 
adequacy ratios and thus reduce the capital adequacy ratios).
Securities Portfolio
The Group maintains a securities portfolio that consists primarily of Turkish government debt securities. The 
Group’s investment securities portfolio amounted to TL 27.7 billion as of 31 December 2023, compared to TL 
24.1 billion as at 31 December 2022 and TL 13.2 billion as at 31 December 2021. Of this amount, as at 31 
December 2023, TL 9.8 billion, or 33.6 per cent., was classified as financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income, TL 18.8 billion, or 65.0 per cent. was classified as financial assets measured at 
amortised cost, with the remainder held in the trading securities portfolio. Interest income derived from the 
Group’s trading and investment securities amounted to TL 4,992 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, 
accounting for 26.6 per cent. of total interest income for the period, TL 4,139 million for the year ending 31 
December 2022, accounting for 40 per cent. of total interest income for the period and TL 1,117 million for the

--- Page 157 ---
157
year ending 31 December 2021, accounting for 23.9 per cent. of total interest income for the period. In addition 
to the Group’s receipt of interest income, net interest margin (which includes net trading income) impacts the 
Group’s securities portfolio. The Group funds its securities portfolio with available equity capital (which bears 
no interest cost) and, as a result, earnings from the securities portfolio make a disproportionately positive 
contribution to the Group’s net interest income. Notwithstanding the changes in interest rates during recent 
years and specifically the volatility within the most recent quarters, the Group’s earnings from its securities 
portfolio have consistently represented a significant portion of the Group’s earnings. 
Although the size of the Group’s securities portfolio will depend on the Group’s strategy as to its asset allocation 
between loans and liquid assets, as well as its overall risk appetite, the Bank expects that interest income derived 
from the Group’s investment securities portfolio will continue to be a significant contributor to the Group’s 
total interest income. 
Critical Accounting Policies
The Group’s accounting policies are integral to understanding its results of operations and financial condition 
presented in the BRSA Financial Statements and the notes thereto. The Group’s critical and other significant 
accounting policies are described in Section Three to the 2023 BRSA Financial Statements. The preparation of 
these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions on some events that affect 
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the 
reported period. On an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those 
related to allowance for contingencies, litigation and arbitration. The Bank’s management bases its estimates 
and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the 
circumstances. The Group’s actual results may differ from the estimates under different assumptions, judgments 
or conditions.
The Bank’s management believes that the following significant accounting policies require critical judgments 
or estimates or involve a degree of complexity in application that affects the Group’s financial condition and 
results of operation.
Consolidation of Subsidiaries and Associates 
In the consolidated BRSA Financial Statements, the Bank consolidates its subsidiaries that are entities that are 
controlled by the Bank, but only its financial subsidiaries. The Bank does not consolidate its non-financial 
subsidiaries in the consolidated BRSA Financial Statements but rather reflects them under “Investments in 
Associates” and “Investments in Subsidiaries”. For a list of the Bank’s financial subsidiaries, see “Business of 
the Group – Subsidiaries and Other Affiliates – Financial Subsidiaries and Associates”, and for a list of the 
Bank’s non-financial subsidiaries, see “Business of the Group – Subsidiaries and Other Affiliates – Non-
Financial Subsidiaries”. In determining whether the Bank controls another entity, the Bank’s management 
considers the Bank’s power to appoint or remove from office the decision-taking majority of members of board 
of directors through direct or indirect possession of the majority of the entity’s capital irrespective of the 
requirement of owning a minimum 51 per cent. of its capital, or by having control over the majority of the 
voting right as a consequence of holding privileged shares or of agreements with other shareholders although 
not owning the majority of capital.
The Bank’s subsidiaries and associates which are consolidated in the Group’s financial statements for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 are Yatırım Finansman Menkul Değerler A.Ş., TSKB 
Gayrimenkul Yatırım Ortaklıǧı A.Ș., İş Leasing, İş Faktoring, İş Girişim and Yatırım Varlık Kiralama A.Ş.

--- Page 158 ---
158
An associate is an entity in which the Bank owns capital and over which it has a significant influence but no 
control, whether established at home or abroad. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial 
and operating policy of the investee. If the Bank holds qualified shares in the associate, then it is presumed that 
the Bank has significant influence unless otherwise demonstrated. A substantial or majority ownership by 
another investor does not necessarily preclude an investor from having significant influence. A qualified share 
is a share that directly or indirectly constitutes 10 per cent. or more of an entity’s capital or voting rights and, 
irrespective of this requirement, possession of privileged shares giving right to appoint members of the board 
of directors.
The equity method is an evaluation method of associates by which the book value of the Bank’s share in the 
associate’s equity is increased or decreased by the Bank’s proportional share in the change in the associate 
company’s equity and the dividend received by the Bank is deducted. The accounting policies of İş Leasing, İş 
Girişim and İş Faktoring, the associates that are consolidated using the equity method, are not different than the 
Bank’s. Thus, no adjustments of compliance have been applied.
Classification and Measurement of Financial Assets
From 1 January 2018, the Group has applied TFRS 9 and classifies its financial assets in the following 
measurement categories: 
(a)
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit/loss; 
(b)
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income; and 
(c)
Financial assets measured at amortised cost.
According to TFRS 9, the classification of financial assets is based on two criteria: (i) classification and 
measurement of financial assets dependent on the business model of the financial asset and (ii) contractual cash 
flows representing solely payments of principal and interest in respect of the financial asset. This evaluation 
takes into account whether there is any clause or provision that may change the timing, and/or amount, of 
contractual cash flows in relation to the financial asset. 
Classification of financial assets reflects the business model of how the Group manages the assets in order to 
generate cash flows. The Bank’s business model may be to collect solely the contractual cash flows from the 
assets (the “Cash Flow Only Model”) or to collect both the contractual cash flows and cash flows arising from 
the sale of assets (the “Cash Flow and Sale Model”). If neither of these is applicable, then the financial assets 
are classified as part of “other” business model and measured at fair value through profit or loss (the “Other
Model”). Factors considered by the Group in determining the business model for a group of assets include past 
experience on how the cash flows for these assets were collected, how the asset’s performance is evaluated and 
reported to key management personnel, how risks are assessed and managed and how managers are 
compensated. 
Securities held for trading are held principally for the purpose of selling in the near term or are part of a portfolio 
of financial instruments that are managed together and for which there is evidence of a recent actual pattern of 
short-term profit-taking. These securities are classified in the “other” business model and measured at fair value 
through profit or loss.
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through profit/loss are financial assets (i) other than the ones that are managed 
with the Cash Flow Only Model or the Cash Flow and Sale Model and (ii) that are either acquired for generating 
a profit from short-term fluctuations in prices or are financial assets included in a portfolio aimed at short-term 
profit making, where the contractual terms of the financial asset do not lead to cash flows representing solely 
payment of principal and interest at a certain date. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are initially

--- Page 159 ---
159
recognised at fair value and measured at their fair value after recognition. All gains and losses arising from 
these valuations are reflected in the income statement. According to uniform chart of accounts explanations, 
interest income earned on financial assets and the difference between their acquisition costs and amortised costs 
are recorded as “interest income” in the statement of profit or loss. The differences between the amortised costs 
and the fair values of such assets are recorded under “trading account income/losses” in the statement of profit 
or loss. In cases where such assets are sold before their maturities, the gains/losses on such sales are recorded 
under “trading account income/losses”.
Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income 
Financial assets within the Cash Flow and Sale Model and financial assets with contractual terms that lead to 
cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest at certain dates are classified as fair value through 
other comprehensive income. “Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income are 
recognised by adding transaction cost to acquisition cost reflecting the fair value of the financial asset. After 
the recognition, “Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income” are measured at fair 
value. Interest income calculated with the effective interest rate method arising from financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income and dividend income from equity securities are recorded to income 
statement.
“Unrealised gains and losses” arising from the difference between the amortised cost and the fair value of 
“Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income” are not reflected in the income 
statement of the period until the acquisition of the asset, sale of the asset, disposal of the asset and impairment 
of the asset are accounted under the “Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income or Loss Reclassified Through 
Profit or Loss” under shareholders’ equity. Equity securities, which are classified as “Financial Assets at Fair 
Value Through Other Comprehensive Income”, that have a quoted market price in an active market and whose 
fair values can be reliably measured are carried at fair value. Equity securities that do not have a quoted market 
price in an active market and whose fair values cannot be reliably measured are carried at cost, less provision 
for impairment. 
During initial recognition an entity can choose in an irrevocable way to record the changes of the fair value of 
the investment in an equity instrument that is not held for trading purposes in the other comprehensive income. 
In the case of this preference, the dividend from the investment is taken into the financial statements as a profit 
or loss. 
Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost
Financial assets that are held under the Cash Flow Only Model where those cash flows represent solely 
payments of principal and interest are classified as “Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost”. Financial 
Assets Measured at Amortised Cost are initially recognised at acquisition cost including the transaction costs 
which reflect the fair value of those instruments and subsequently recognised at amortised cost by using the 
effective interest rate method. Interest income obtained from Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost is 
accounted in the income statement. In the “fair value through other comprehensive income” and “measured at 
amortised cost” securities portfolio of the Bank, there are Consumer Price Indexed (“CPI”) bonds.
The Bank considers the expected inflation index of future cash flows prevailing at the reporting date while 
calculating the internal rate of return of the CPI marketable securities. The effect of this application is accounted 
as interest received from marketable securities in the unconsolidated financial statements. These securities are 
valued and accounted according to the effective interest method based on the real coupon rates and the reference 
inflation index at the issue date and the estimated inflation rate. As stated in the Investor’s Guide of CPI 
Government Bonds by the Turkish Treasury dated December 2009, the reference indices used to calculate the 
actual coupon payment amounts of these securities are based on the previous two months’ CPIs. The Bank

--- Page 160 ---
160
determines the estimated inflation rate accordingly. The inflation rate is estimated by considering the 
expectancies of the CBRT and the Bank which are updated as needed within the year.
Loans
Loans are financial assets that have fixed or determinable payments terms and are not quoted in an active 
market. Loans are initially recognised at acquisition cost plus transaction costs representing their fair value and 
thereafter measured at amortised cost using the “Effective Interest Rate (internal rate of return) Method”. Duties 
paid, transaction costs and other similar expenses on assets received against such risks are considered as a part 
of transaction cost and charged to customers. Turkish Lira cash loans are composed of foreign currency-indexed 
loans and working capital loans and foreign currency cash loans are composed of investment loans, export 
financing loans and working capital loans.
All loans of the Bank are classified under “Measured at Amortised Cost”, after the Bank’s loan portfolio passed 
the test of “all cash flows from contracts are made only by interest and principal” during the transition period. 
Foreign currency-indexed loans are converted into TL from the foreign currency rate as of the opening date and 
followed in TL accounts. Repayments are measured with the foreign currency rate at the payment date and the 
foreign currency gains and losses are reflected to the income statement. 
The Bank provides an expected loss provision based on the assessments and estimates of the management, by 
considering the “Communiqué Related to Principles and Procedures on Determining the Qualifications of 
Banks’ Loans and Other Receivables and the Provision for These Loans and Other Receivables” published in 
the Official Gazette No. 29750 dated 22 June 2016 (the “Provisioning Regulation”).
Impairment of Financial Assets
From 1 January 2018, the Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on “Financial Assets 
and Loans Measured at Amortised Cost”, “Financial Assets Measured at Fair Value Through Other 
Comprehensive Income”, loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts not measured at “Fair Value 
Through Profit/Loss” based on TFRS 9 and the Provisioning Regulation effective from 1 January 2018.
From 1 January 2018, the Group’s classification of financial assets (especially in loans and receivables) and 
calculation of provisions also changed due to the application by the Group of TFRS 9.
In accordance with TFRS 9, the Group’s loan loss provisioning policy was replaced by the expected credit loss 
(“ECL”) model. ECL estimates are required to be unbiased, probability-weighted, and should include verifiable 
information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. The ECL should 
reflect multiple macroeconomic scenarios and include the time value of money.
The ECL model applies to all on-balance financial assets accounted for at amortised cost and fair value through 
other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) such as loans and debt securities, as well as to off-balance items such 
as certain loan commitments, financial guarantees and undrawn revolving credit facilities. 
In accordance with TFRS 9, the Bank applies an impairment model having three stages based on the change in 
credit quality since initial recognition. These financial assets are divided into three categories depending on the 
gradual increase in credit risk observed since their initial recognition. Impairment shall be recognised on 
outstanding amounts in each category, as follows:
(a)
Stage 1: For financial assets at initial recognition or which do not have a significant increase in credit 
risk since initial recognition. Impairment for credit risk is recorded on the basis of 12-month expected 
credit losses.

--- Page 161 ---
161
(b)
Stage 2: In the event of a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the financial asset 
will be transferred to this category. Impairment for credit risk will be determined on the basis of the 
instrument’s lifetime expected credit losses.
(c)
Stage 3: Includes financial assets which have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date.
For these assets, lifetime ECLs are recognised and interest revenue is calculated on the net carrying amount. 
Employee Benefits Obligations
According to the related regulation, the Bank and consolidated Group companies are obligated to pay 
termination benefits for employees who retire, die, quit for their military service obligations, have been 
dismissed as defined in the related regulation or (for female employees) have voluntarily quit within one year 
after the date of their marriage. Within the scope of TAS 19 (“Employee Benefits”), the Bank allocates seniority 
pay provisions for employee benefits by estimating the present value of the probable future liabilities.
The Bank’s mandatory pension fund, of which each employee of the Bank is a member, has been established 
according to provisional Article 20 of the Social Security Act No. 506. For pension funds such as this, Law No. 
5754 published in the Official Gazette dated 8 May 2008 and numbered 26870 decrees that payment obligations 
to the contributors of bank pension funds, those who receive salaries or income from these funds and their 
rightful beneficiaries will be transferred to the Social Security Institution within three years after the release 
date of this law; however, the initial three-year transfer period was extended for two years (i.e. until 8 May 
2013) by a Cabinet decision dated 14 March 2011, which was published in the Official Gazette dated 9 April 
2011 and numbered 27900. By the Law “Emendating Social Security and General Health Insurance Act”, which 
was published in the Official Gazette dated 8 March 2012 and numbered 28227, the Cabinet’s authority to 
extend this period for two years was raised to four years (i.e. until 8 May 2015), and then the Cabinet extended 
this period for one year by Cabinet decision dated 8 April 2013 (published in the Official Gazette dated 3 May 
2013 and numbered 28636) and then further extended for another year by its decision dated 23 February 2014 
(published in the Official Gazette dated 30 April 2014 and numbered 28987). This law also states that:

through a commission constituted by the attendance of one representative separately from the Social 
Security Institution, Ministry of Finance, Turkish Treasury, State Planning Organisation, BRSA and 
SDIF, one representative from each pension fund and one representative from the organisation 
employing pension fund contributors, related to the transferred persons, the cash value of the liabilities 
of a pension fund as of the transfer date will be calculated by considering its income and expenses in 
terms of the lines of insurance within the context of the related law, and a technical interest rate of 9.8 
per cent. will be used in the actuarial calculation of the value in cash, and

after the transfer of the pension fund, the fund’s beneficiaries’ unfunded social rights and payments will 
continue to be covered by the pension funds and the employers of the pension fund contributors.
In line with the new law, the Bank’s pension fund had an actuarial valuation made for the aforementioned 
pension fund as of 31 December 2016 and there was no operational or actuarial liability indicated for the Bank 
in the actuarial report.
By the Emendating Act No. 6645, which was published in the Official Gazette dated 23 April 2015 and 
numbered 29335, the Cabinet was authorised to decide the transfer date to the Social Security Institution. As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the deadline for the transfer has not been set.
In line with the regulation in force, the Bank’s pension fund performed an actuarial valuation for the 
aforementioned pension fund as of 31 December 2023. The valuation report indicated no operational or actuarial 
liability for the Bank.

--- Page 162 ---
162
Interest Income and Expenses
From 1 January 2018, interest income is recorded according to the effective interest rate method (rate equal to 
net present value of future cash flows or financial assets and liabilities) defined in the TFRS 9 standards by 
applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset except for (i) purchased or 
originated credit-impaired financial assets or (ii) financial assets that are not purchased or originated credit-
impaired financial assets but subsequently have become credit-impaired financial assets.
If the financial asset is impaired and classified as a “Non-Performing Receivable”, the Group applies the 
effective interest rate on the amortised cost of the asset for subsequent reporting periods. Such interest income 
calculation is made on an individual contract basis for all financial assets subject to impairment calculation. 
The effective interest rate method is used during calculation of loss given the default rate in expected credit loss 
models and accordingly, the calculation of expected credit losses includes an interest amount.
Therefore, a reclassification is made between the accounts of “Expected Credit Losses” and “Interest Income 
From Loans” for the calculated amount. If the credit risk of the financial instrument improves to the extent that 
the financial asset is no longer considered as impaired and the improvement can be attributed to an incident that 
eventually takes place (such as an increase in the loan’s credit rating), interest income at subsequent reporting 
periods are calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross amount.
Interest income and expenses are recognised in the income statement for all interest-bearing instruments on an 
accrual basis using the effective interest method (the rate that equalises the future cash flows of financial assets 
and liabilities to the current net book value). 
Fee and Commission Income and Expenses
Except for fees and commissions that are an integral part of the effective interest rates of financial instruments 
measured at amortised costs, the fees and commissions are accounted for in accordance with TFRS 15 Standard 
“Revenue from Contracts with Customer”. Except for certain fees related with certain banking transactions 
which are recognised when the related service is given, fees and commissions received or paid, and other fees 
and commissions paid to financial institutions, are accounted under accrual basis of accounting throughout the 
service period.
Foreign Currency Transactions and Translation
Transactions in currencies other than Turkish Lira are recorded by the Group at the rates of exchange prevailing 
on the dates of such transactions. At each reporting date, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are 
translated at the rates prevailing at the reporting date and non-monetary items carried at fair value that are 
denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value was 
determined (the book value of non-monetary items measured in terms of historical cost are not retranslated). 
As a significant portion of the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in (or indexed to) foreign 
currencies, this translation may result in volatility in the Group’s financial results and financial statements.
Key Performance Indicators
The Group calculates certain ratios in order to measure its performance and compare it to the performance of 
its main competitors. The following table sets out certain key performance indicators for the Group for the 
indicated dates/periods, which indicators are (among others) those used by the Group’s management to manage 
its business:

--- Page 163 ---
163
As of (or for the year ended) 
31 December
2021
2022
2023
Ratios
Net interest margin ...........................................................  
4.7%
6.9%
11.6%
Cost-to-income ratio ........................................................  
14.3%
9.6%
9.4%
Free capital ratio(1)............................................................  
6.2%
6.2%
8.4%
Tier I ratio(2) .....................................................................  
12.7%
21.3%
24.8%
Total capital adequacy ratio(3)...........................................  
20.8%
22.4%
25.9%
Coverage ratio(4) ...............................................................  
54.0%
82.2%
78.0%
Return on average total assets(5) .......................................  
1.6%
4.0%
4.8%
Return on average shareholders’ equity(6)(7) .....................  
16.4%
41.0%
41.2%
Notes: 
(1)
Averages calculated using quarter-end amounts. 
(2)
This is: (a) the Bank-only net interest income (excluding interest from the CBRT on reserves held thereat) for the 
relevant periods (and, when calculating for the interim period, the figure is annualised by multiplying the Bank-only 
net interest income for the indicated period of such year by 12 and divided by the number of months in such period) 
plus net trading income divided by (b) the Bank-only quarterly average interest-earning assets (excluding reserves 
held at the CBRT). The “quarterly average” interest earning assets for a period are calculated by averaging the 
amount of interest-earning assets as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period 
(e.g., for any year, 31 December of the previous year) and each intervening quarter-end date (i.e., 31 March, 30 
June, 30 September and 31 December, as applicable). 
(3)
This is: (a) the “cost” (calculated as total operating expenses) for the periods specified divided by (b) the “income” 
(calculated as total operating income) for such period. 
(4)
This is: (a) the Group’s total shareholders’ equity as at the relevant dates specified minus the Group’s tangible assets 
(net), intangible assets and goodwill (net), tax asset, investments in equity participations (i.e., the sum of investment 
in associates (net)), investment in subsidiaries (net) and jointly controlled entities (joint ventures) (net)) and non-
performing loans net of specific provisions as of such date as a percentage of (b) the Group’s total assets as of such 
date. 
(5)
The Tier I ratio is: (a) the “Tier I” capital (i.e., the result of the “core capital”, which primarily is comprised by the 
share capital, profit reserves, profit and provisions for possible losses) as a percentage of (b) the aggregate of the 
value at credit risk, value at market risk and value at operational risk. Capital adequacy ratios are based upon BRSA 
regulations. See “Capital Adequacy” below, including with respect to calculations made after 1 January 2014. 
(6)
The total capital adequacy ratio is: (a) the result of “Tier I” capital plus “Tier II” capital (i.e. the “supplementary 
capital”, which comprises general provisions, subordinated debt, unrealised gains/losses on available-for-sale assets 
and revaluation surplus (reduced by certain items such as leasehold improvements and prepaid expenses)) minus 
items to be deducted from capital (the “deductions from capital”, which comprises items such as unconsolidated 
equity interests in financial institutions and assets held-for-resale but held longer than five years) as a percentage 
of (b) the aggregate of the value at credit risk, value at market risk and value at operational risk. Capital adequacy 
ratios are based upon BRSA regulations. See “Capital Adequacy” below, including with respect to calculations 
made after 1 January 2014. 
(7)
Total amount of specific provisions divided by NPLs (expressed as a percentage). See “Business – Lending Policies 
and Procedures – Portfolio Supervision and Non-Performing Loans”:

--- Page 164 ---
164
(8)
Net income for the period as a percentage of average shareholders’ equity. 
(9)
The capital adequacy ratios for 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023 are calculated in accordance with Basel III rules, 
which came into effect on 1 January 2014. 
Analysis of Results of Operations for the years ended 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023
The table below sets out the Group’s income statement for the periods indicated. 
Year ended 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Interest Income ................................................................ 
4,675,202
10,374,234 
18,772,862
Interest on Loans ............................................................... 
3,272,487
5,479,961
11,878,615
Interest Received from Reserve Deposits ......................... 
998
309 
82
Interest Received from Banks ........................................... 
20,188
43,217 
166,348
Interest Received from Money Market Placements .......... 
244,548
662,270 
1,645,886
Interest Received from Marketable Securities Portfolio ... 
1,117,107
4,139,197
4,991,850
Fair Value Through Profit or Loss ..................................... 
4,099
3,241
1,931
Fair Value Through other Comprehensive Income............ 
549,462
1,044,953
992,559
Measured at Amortised Cost ............................................. 
563,546
3,091,003
3,997,360
Finance Lease Income ....................................................... 
9,239
20,024 
32,455
Other Interest Income ........................................................ 
10,635
29,256 
57,626
Interest Expenses ............................................................. 
1,776,943
3,503,653
8,064,017
Interest on Deposits ........................................................... 
—
—
—
Interest on Funds Borrowed .............................................. 
640,141
1,994,175
5,930,407
Interest on Money Market Borrowings ............................. 
95,655
135,139 
396,744
Interest on Securities Issued .............................................. 
1,035,540
1,353,995
1,656,777
Leasing Interest Expense
519
1,802
6,063
Other Interest Expense ...................................................... 
5,088
18,542 
74,026
Net Interest Income ......................................................... 
2,898,259
6,870,581
10,708,845
Net Fees and Commissions Income/Expenses ............... 
155,505
341,520 
686,569
Fees and Commissions Received ...................................... 
174,599
378,823 
756,646
Non-cash Loans................................................................. 
30,572
56,349 
179,070
Other ................................................................................. 
144,027
322,474 
577,576
Fees and Commissions Paid .............................................. 
19,094
37,303 
70,077
Non-cash Loans................................................................. 
3,773
9,269
23,764
Other ................................................................................. 
15,321
28,034
46,313
Dividend Income ............................................................. 
8,260
19,754
31,949

--- Page 165 ---
165
Year ended 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Net Trading Income ........................................................ 
516,384
835,825
1,731,490
Securities Trading Gains / Losses ..................................... 
(1,186)
75,208
39,651
Derivative Financial Instruments Gains /Losses ............... 
2,001,067
2,495,067
1,894,932
Foreign Exchange Gains / Losses (Net) ............................ 
(1,483,497)
1,734,450
(203,093)
Other Operating Income ................................................ 
356,887
662,958
1,081,664
Gross Operating Income ................................................. 
2,935,295
8,730,638
14,240,517
Expected Credit Loss ...................................................... 
1,793,713
2,852,020
3,219,196
Other Provision Expenses ............................................... 
220,000
574,403
870,000
Personnel Expense ........................................................... 
219,201
436,065
914,621
Other Operating Expenses ............................................. 
343,188
398,871
744,030
Net Operating Income / Loss .......................................... 
1,359,193
4,739,279
8,492,670
Amount in Excess Recorded as Gain After Merger ..... 
—
—
—
Profit / Loss on Equity Method ...................................... 
129,008
486,962 
996,857
Gain / Loss on Net Monetary Position ........................... 
—
—
—
Profit / Loss from Continued Operations Before 
Taxes .................................................................................
1,488,201
5,226,241
9,489,527
Tax Provision for Continued Operations ...................... 
390,892
1,120,502
2,339,601
Provision for Current Income Taxes ................................. 
519,118
1,558,007
3,045,111
Deferred Tax Income Effect .............................................. 
467,608
602,980 
958,614
Deferred Tax Expense Effect ............................................ 
595,834
1,040,485
1,664,124
Net Profit / Loss from Continued Operations ............... 
1,097,309
4,105,739
7,149,926
Income on Discontinued Operations ............................. 
—
—
—
Loss from Discontinued Operations .............................. 
—
—
—
Profit / Loss on Discontinued Operations Before 
Taxes ................................................................................. 
—
—
—
Tax Provision for Discontinued Operations .................. 
—
—
—
Net Profit / Loss from Discontinued Operations .......... 
—
—
—
Net Profit / Loss ............................................................... 
1,097,309
4,105,739
7,149,926
Group’s Profit / Loss ......................................................... 
1,081,109
3,980,412
6,965,044
Minority Shares ................................................................. 
16,200
125,327 
184,882
Earning / Loss per Share(1) ................................................ 
0.39
1.42 
2.49
Note:

--- Page 166 ---
166
(1)
Earnings per share are calculated by using the average number of shares of the current period. Presented in Turkish 
Lira, instead of thousands of Turkish Lira. 
Results of Operations as of and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2023
Interest Income 
The Group’s interest income is derived from interest on loans, reserve deposits, banks, money market 
placements and securities. In the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s interest income increased by TL 
8,398 million to TL 18,772 million from TL 10,374 million in the year ended 31 December 2022, primarily as 
a result of loan growth. For the year ended 31 December 2023, interest income from loans amounted to TL 
11,878 million (63.2 per cent. of total interest income), interest from reserve deposits amounted to TL 0.1 
million, interest from money market placements and interest received from banks amounted to TL 1,812 million 
(9.7 per cent. of total interest income), and interest from securities amounted to TL 4,991 million (26.6 per cent. 
of total interest income), compared to TL 5,480 million (52.8 per cent.), TL 0.3 million, TL 705 million (6.8 per 
cent.), TL 4,139 million (39.9 per cent.), respectively, in the year ended 31 December 2022.
Interest Expenses
In the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s interest expenses increased by 130.1 per cent. to TL 8,064 
million from TL 3,504 million in the year ended 31 December 2022. This was due to higher funding costs.
Net Interest Income
The Group’s net interest income increased by TL 3,839 million to TL 10,709 million in the year ended 31 
December 2023 from TL 6,870 million in the year ended 31 December 2022. The Bank’s net interest margin in 
the year ended 31 December 2023 was 7.0 per cent. as compared to 6.9 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 
2022, as a result of the factors described above. 
Net Fees and Commission Income
The Group’s net fees and commission income increased by TL 345 million to TL 686 million in the year ended 
31 December 2023 from TL 341 million in the year ended 31 December 2022.
Dividend Income
The Group’s dividend income increased by TL 13 million to TL 32 million in the year ended 31 December 2023 
from TL 20 million in the year ended 31 December 2022. 
Trading Income/(Loss)(Net)
The Group’s trading income/(loss) is comprised of three components: securities trading, derivative transactions 
and foreign exchange income. The Group’s trading income increased from a gain of TL 835 million in the year 
ended 31 December 2022 to a gain of TL 1,731 million in the year ended 31 December 2023. This increased 
trading income was a result of increasing exchange rates. 
Other Operating Income
The Group’s other operating income increased by 63.2 per cent. to TL 1,082 million in the year ended 31 
December 2023 from TL 663 million in the year ended 31 December 2022.
Expected Credit Losses
In the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s expected credit losses increased by 26 per cent. to TL 3,219 
million from TL 2,554 million in the year ended 31 December 2022.

--- Page 167 ---
167
The following table shows the Group’s provisioning for loans and other receivables as of the indicated dates.
For the year ended 31 December
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Expected Credit Loss .....................................................................
2,554,266
3,218,085
12 Months Expected Credit Loss (Stage 1) ......................................
151,445 
550,600
Significant Increase in Credit Risk (Stage 2) ...................................
1,212,068
1,356,763
Non-performing Loans (Stage 3) .....................................................
1,190,753
1,310,722
Marketable Securities Impairment Expenses ..............................
16,871
1,111
Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss ......................
—
—
Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive 
Income..............................................................................................
16,871
1,111
Associates, Subsidiaries, and Entities under Common Control 
(Joint Venture) ..................................................................................
—
—
Associates ........................................................................................
—
—
Subsidiaries ......................................................................................
—
—
Entities under Common Control (Joint Venture) ..............................
—
—
Other(1) .............................................................................................
585,286 
870,000
Total .................................................................................................
3,156,423
4,089,196
Note: 
(1)
Contains a free provision addition in the current period, which has resulted in a qualification to the auditor’s report 
in relation to the Group. The free provision is included in other provision expenses in the statement of profit or loss. 
Other Operating Expenses
In the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s other operating expenses increased by 86.5 per cent. to TL 
744 million from TL 399 million in the year ended 31 December 2022. This was primarily due to higher inflation 
and higher exchange rate environment.
Net Profit from Continuing Operations
The Group’s net profit from continuing operations in the year ended 31 December 2023 increased by TL 3,044 
million to TL 7,150 million from TL 4,106 million in the year ended 31 December 2022 which is mainly 
attributable to increased contribution from net interest income and fees and commission, as well as relatively 
low provisioning.
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s return on average total assets was 4.8 per cent. and the 
return on its average equity was 39.6 per cent., compared to 4.0 per cent. and 41.0 per cent., respectively, for 
the year ended 31 December 2022.

--- Page 168 ---
168
Results of Operations as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022
Interest Income 
The Group’s interest income is derived from interest on loans, reserve deposits, banks, money market 
placements and securities. In the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s interest income increased by TL 
5,699 million to TL 10,374 million from TL 4,675 million in the year ended 31 December 2021, primarily as a 
result of the increase of interest income on marketable securities portfolio due to CPI. For the year ended 31 
December 2022, interest income from loans amounted to TL 5,480 million (52.8 per cent. of total interest 
income), interest from reserve deposits amounted to TL 0.3 million, interest from money market placements 
and interest received from banks amounted to TL 705 million (6.8 per cent. of total interest income), and interest 
from securities amounted to TL 4,139 million (39.9 per cent. of total interest income), compared to TL 3,272 
million (70 per cent.), TL 1.0 million (0.02 per cent.), TL 244 million (5.6 per cent.), and TL 1,117 million (23 
per cent.), respectively, in the year ended 31 December 2021.
Interest Expenses
In the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s interest expenses increased by 97.3 per cent. to TL 3,504 
million from TL 1,776 million in the year ended 31 December 2021. This was due to increase of interest rate 
on floating rated funds (LIBOR, SOFR), depreciation of TL.
Net Interest Income
The Group’s net interest income increased by TL 3,972 million to TL 6,870 million in the year ended 31 
December 2022 from TL 2,898 million in the year ended 31 December 2021. The Bank’s net interest margin in 
the year ended 31 December 2022 was 6.9 per cent. as compared to 4.7 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 
2021, as a result of the factors described above. 
Net Fees and Commission Income
The Group’s net fees and commission income increased by TL 186 million to TL 341 million in the year ended 
31 December 2022 from TL 156 million in the year ended 31 December 2021. This stemmed from investment 
banking income increased by non-cash commissions from TL 28.8 million to TL 52 million in the year ended 
31 December 2022.
Dividend Income
The Group’s dividend income increased by TL 12 million to TL 20 million in the year ended 31 December 2022 
from TL 8 million in the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Trading Income/(Loss)(Net)
The Group’s trading income/(loss) is comprised of three components: securities trading, derivative transactions 
and foreign exchange income. The Group’s trading income increased from a gain of TL 516 million in the year 
ended 31 December 2021 to a gain of TL 835 million in the year ended 31 December 2022. This increased 
trading income was a result of the currency impact resulting from the Bank’s long valuation and position gains. 
Other Operating Income
The Group’s other operating income increased by 85.7 per cent. to TL 663 million in the year ended 31 
December 2022 from TL 357 million in the year ended 31 December 2021. The increase was primarily driven 
by NPL collection of TL 84.4 million in the year ended 31 December 2022. 
Expected Credit Losses
In the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s expected credit losses increased by 76.1 per cent. to TL 2,554 
million from TL 1,450 million in the year ended 31 December 2021.

--- Page 169 ---
169
The following table shows the Group’s provisioning for loans and other receivables as of the indicated dates.
For the year ended 31 December
2021
2022
(TL thousands)
Expected Credit Loss ...................................................................... 
1,450,156
2,554,266
12 Months Expected Credit Loss (Stage 1) ....................................... 
348,226
151,445
Significant Increase in Credit Risk (Stage 2) .................................... 
685,811
1,212,068
Non-performing Loans (Stage 3) ...................................................... 
416,119
1,190,753
Marketable Securities Impairment Expenses ............................... 
343,557
16,871
Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss ....................... 
338,346
—
Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive 
Income............................................................................................... 
5,211
16,871
Associates, Subsidiaries, and Entities under Common Control 
(Joint Venture) ................................................................................... 
—
—
Associates ......................................................................................... 
—
—
Subsidiaries ....................................................................................... 
—
—
Entities under Common Control (Joint Venture) ............................... 
—
—
Other(1) .............................................................................................. 
220,000
585,286
Total .................................................................................................. 
2,013,713
3,156,423
Note: 
(1)
Contains a free provision addition in the current period, which has resulted in a qualification to the auditor’s report 
in relation to the Group. The free provision is included in other provision expenses in the statement of profit or loss. 
Other Operating Expenses
In the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s other operating expenses increased by 16.3 per cent. to TL 
399 million from TL 343 million in the year ended 31 December 2021. This was due to human resources 
expenses increasing by 99 per cent. from 31 December 2021.
Net Profit from Continuing Operations
The Group’s net profit from continuing operations in the year ended 31 December 2022 increased by TL 3,008 
million to TL 4,106 million from TL 1,097 million in the year ended 31 December 2021 which is mainly 
attributable to high yields of the security portfolio as well as Bank’s strong FX loan spread.
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s return on average total assets was 4.0 per cent. and the 
return on its average equity was 41.0 per cent., compared to 1.6 per cent. and 16.4 per cent., respectively, for 
the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Segmental Analysis
The primary business line of the Group is banking and advisory services, with other principal business lines 
including real estate appraisal, a real estate investment trust and brokerage. These business lines are further

--- Page 170 ---
170
divided into various sub-business lines based upon business activities as described under “Business of the Group 
– Business Activities”. Under its Banking Services business lines, there are three sub-business lines: corporate 
banking (including project finance), investment banking and advisory services. For accounting purposes, 
however, the Group reports its business in its BRSA Financial Statements under three segments: Corporate 
Banking, Investment Banking and Others. The Bank’s results make up the large majority of the results for these 
three segments, with the remainder being contributed by the Bank’s financial subsidiaries. For a list of the 
activities undertaken by the Bank’s financial subsidiaries, see “Business of the Group – Subsidiaries and Other 
Affiliates”. The Bank does not consolidate the results of its non-financial subsidiaries in the Group’s 
consolidated BRSA Financial Statements on a line-by-line basis and so these results do not appear in the 
segmental data included therein.
Non-financial subsidiaries are reflected under the “Investments in Associates” and “Investments in 
Subsidiaries” items in the consolidated BRSA Financial Statements. Non-financial associates and subsidiaries 
whose equity securities are traded in an active stock exchange are reflected on financial statements with their 
fair value prices taking into consideration their quoted market prices at the stock exchange. Associates and 
subsidiaries whose equity securities are not traded in an active stock exchange are recorded at their cost on the 
acquisition date and these assets are reflected on the financial statements with their acquisition cost less 
impairment losses, if any. For a list of the Bank’s non-financial subsidiaries as of 31 December 2023, see 
“Business of the Group – Subsidiaries and Other Affiliates”.
The following tables set forth certain information regarding the Group’s business segments as of the indicated 
dates
As of (or for the year ended)  
31 December 2021 
Corporate
Banking
Investment 
Banking
Other
Total
(TL thousands) 
Net Interest Income ..................................... 
1,574,629 
994,178 
22,902 
2,022,385 
Net Fees and Commissions Income ............. 
28,878 
40,168 
68,770 
118,915 
Other Income ............................................... 
—
508,631 
501,908 
1,010,539 
Other Expense ............................................. 
(2,036,270) 
(36,608) 
(503,224) 
(2,576,102) 
Profit Before Tax ......................................... 
(432,763) 
1,800,916 
120,048 
1,488,201 
Tax Provision ............................................... 
(390,892) 
Net Profit .................................................... 
1,097,309 
Group’s Profit/Loss ..................................... 
1,081,109 
Non-Controlling Interests ............................ 
16,200 
Segment Assets ............................................ 
61,059,338 
20,057,449 
4,160,245 
85,277,032 
Investment in Associates and Subsidiaries .. 
—
—
815,503 
815,503 
Total Assets ................................................ 
61,059,338 
20,057,449 
4,975,748 
86,092,535 
Segment Liabilities ...................................... 
72,199,242 
1,776,620 
5,094,907 
79,070,769 
Shareholders’ Equity ................................... 
—
—
7,021,766 
7,021,766 
Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ 
Equity .........................................................
72,199,242 
1,776,620 
12,116,673 
86,092,535

--- Page 171 ---
171
As of (or for the year ended)  
31 December 2022 
Corporate
Banking
Investment 
Banking
Other
Total
(TL thousands) 
Net Interest Income ..................................... 
2,806,614 
3,928,707 
135,260
6,870,581 
Net Fees and Commissions Income ............. 
52,564
102,533 
186,423
341,520 
Other Income ............................................... 
—
800,919 
1,204,580 
2,005,499 
Other Expense ............................................. 
(2,678,279) 
(117,221) 
(1,195,859) 
(3,991,359) 
Profit Before Tax ......................................... 
180,899
4,714,938 
330,404
5,226,241 
Tax Provision ............................................... 
(1,120,502) 
Net Profit .................................................... 
4,105,739 
Group’s Profit/Loss ..................................... 
3,980,412 
Non-Controlling Interests ............................ 
125,327 
Segment Assets ............................................ 
74,787,609 
35,296,220 
5,986,483 
116,070,312 
Investment in Associates and Subsidiaries .. 
—
—
1,551,348 
1,551,348 
Total Assets ................................................ 
74,787,609 
35,296,220 
7,537,831 
117,621,660 
Segment Liabilities ...................................... 
93,477,043 
3,656,787 
7,495,374 
104,629,204 
Shareholders’ Equity ................................... 
—
—
12,992,456 
12,992,456
Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ 
Equity ......................................................... 
93,477,043 
3,656,787 
20,487,830 
117,621,660 
As of (or for the year ended) 31 December 2023 
Corporate
Banking
Investment 
Banking
Other
Total
(TL thousands) 
Net Interest Income ..................................... 
5,531,142 
4,703,258
474,445 
10,708,845 
Net Fees and Commissions Income ............. 
172,909 
272,845
240,815 
686,569 
Other Income ............................................... 
182,988 
1,698,299
1,960,673 
3,841,960 
Other Expense ............................................. 
(3,353,789) 
(135,988)
(2,258,070) 
(5,747,847) 
Profit Before Tax ......................................... 
2,533,250 
6,538,414
417,863 
9,489,527 
Tax Provision ............................................... 
(2,339,601) 
Net Profit .................................................... 
7,149,926 
Group’s Profit/Loss ..................................... 
6,965,044 
Non-Controlling Interests ............................ 
184,882 
Segment Assets ............................................ 
121,922,873 
44,875,480
11,175,591 
177,973,944 
Investment in Associates and Subsidiaries .. 
—
—
2,939,908 
2,939,908 
Total Assets ................................................ 
121,922,873 
44,875,480
14,115,499 
180,913,852

--- Page 172 ---
172
As of (or for the year ended) 31 December 2023 
Corporate
Banking
Investment 
Banking
Other
Total
(TL thousands) 
Segment Liabilities ...................................... 
145,121,291 
2,481,059
11,486,450 
159,088,800 
Shareholders’ Equity ................................... 
—
—
21,825,052 
21,825,052 
Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ 
Equity ......................................................... 
145,121,291 
2,481,059
33,311,502 
180,913,852 
Financial Condition 
The tables below set forth the Group’s balance sheet data as of the indicated dates.
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Assets
Financial Assets (Net) .....................................................  
17,362,573
24,129,681
27,733,193
Cash and Cash Equivalents ...........................................  
5,672,152
10,469,187 
15,622,800
Cash and Balances with Central Bank .............................  
2,038,136
2,797,941 
2,942,825
Banks................................................................................  
2,207,761
1,957,080 
5,261,257
Money Market Placements ...............................................  
1,429,167
5,721,043 
7,424,388
Expected Credit Losses (-) ...............................................  
2,912
6,877
5,670
Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss
305,856
175,599 
409,358
Government Debt Securities ............................................  
—
—
—
Equity Instruments ...........................................................  
32,276
98,313 
7,440
Other Financial Assets .....................................................  
273,580
77,286 
401,918
Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other 
Comprehensive Income ................................................. 
8,935,277
11,089,289 
9,766,338
Government Debt Securities ............................................  
8,350,511
9,749,787 
8,830,461
Equity Instruments ...........................................................  
280,482
519,728 
916,984
Other Financial Assets .....................................................  
304,284
819,774 
18,893
Derivative Financial Assets ............................................  
2,449,288
2,395,606 
1,934,697
Derivative Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit 
or Loss ..............................................................................  
2,449,288
2,395,606 
1,934,697
Derivative Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other 
Comprehensive Income ....................................................  
—
—
—
Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost .............  
65,299,284
88,616,419 
142,293,332
Loans ............................................................................... 
64,120,513
80,930,195 
131,216,812

--- Page 173 ---
173
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Lease Receivables ........................................................... 
346,567
380,231 
452,370
Factoring Receivables .................................................... 
—
—
—
Other Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost ..  
3,955,703
12,825,981 
18,894,112
Government Debt Securities ............................................  
3,955,703
12,825,981 
18,894,112
Other Financial Assets .....................................................  
—
—
—
Expected Credit Losses (-) .............................................  
3,123,499
5,519,988 
8,269,962
Property and Equipment Held for Sale Purpose and 
Related to Discontinued Operations (Net) ...................  
64,403
—
—
Held for Sale Purpose ......................................................  
64,403
—
—
Related to Discontinued Operations .................................  
—
—
—
Equity Investments ........................................................  
815,503
1,551,348 
2,939,908
Investments in Associates (Net) .....................................  
777,551
1,493,750 
2,825,834
Accounted Under Equity Method ....................................  
777,551
1,493,750 
2,825,834
Unconsolidated Associates ...............................................  
—
—
—
Subsidiaries (Net) ...........................................................  
36,116
51,970 
101,016
Unconsolidated Financial Subsidiaries ............................  
—
—
—
Unconsolidated Non-Financial Subsidiaries ....................  
36,116
51.970 
101,016
Entities under Common Control (Joint Venture) 
(Net) .................................................................................  
1,836
5,628
13,058
Joint Ventures Valued Based on Equity Method ..............  
—
5,628
13,058
Unconsolidated Joint Ventures .........................................  
1,836
—
—
Tangible Assets (Net) ......................................................  
479,361
1,214,227 
2,237,255
Intangible Assets (Net) ...................................................  
4,514
4,278
8,118
Goodwill ..........................................................................  
1,005
1,005
1,005
Other ................................................................................  
3,509
3,273
7,113
Investment Property (Net) .............................................  
336,177
764,910 
1,430,605
Current Tax Asset ...........................................................  
209
177
691
Deferred Tax Asset .........................................................  
396,583
724,131 
1,480,605
Other Assets ....................................................................  
1,333,928
616,489 
2,790,400
Total Assets .....................................................................  
86,092,535
117,621,660
180,913,852
Liabilities
Deposits ...........................................................................  
—
—
—
Funds Borrowed .............................................................  
54,274,040
70,814,085 
106,851,110

--- Page 174 ---
174
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Money Market Balances ................................................  
1,411,219
2,472,123 
3,727,880
Marketable Securities Issued (Net) ...............................  
15,807,433
21,553,457 
34,148,450
Bills ..................................................................................  
93,237
333,220 
397,337
Assets Backed Securities..................................................  
786,255
172,485 
1,524,022
Bonds ...............................................................................  
14,927,941
21,047,752 
32,227,091
Borrower Funds .............................................................  
691,704
737,733 
1,482,480
Borrower Funds................................................................  
691,704
737,733 
1,482,480
Other ................................................................................  
—
—
—
Financial Liabilities at Fair Value Through Profit or 
Loss ..................................................................................  
—
—
—
Derivative Financial Liabilities .....................................  
1,121,279
1,132,353 
1,148,158
Derivative Financial Liabilities at Fair Value Through 
Profit or Loss .................................................................... 
1,121,279
1,132,353 
1,148,158
Derivative Financial Liabilities at Fair Value Through 
Other Comprehensive Income .......................................... 
—
—
—
Factoring Liabilities .......................................................  
—
—
—
Lease Liabilities ..............................................................  
4,678
5,563
39,250
Provisions ........................................................................  
547,469
1,071,429 
2,081,013
Restructuring Provisions ..................................................  
—
—
—
Reverse for Employee Benefits ........................................  
33,367
48,190 
51,889
Insurance Technical Provisions (Net) ...............................  
—
—
—
Other Provisions ...............................................................  
514,102
1,023,239 
2,029,124
Current Tax Liability .....................................................  
225,072
580,310 
971,818
Deferred Tax Liability ....................................................  
—
—
—
Liabilities for Property and Equipment Held for Sale 
and Related to Discontinued Operations (Net) ............ 
—
—
—
Held for Sale Purpose ......................................................  
—
—
—
Related to Discontinued Operations .................................  
—
—
—
Subordinated Debt Instruments ...................................  
4,029,204
3,829,127 
6,043,090
Loans ................................................................................  
—
3,829,127 
6,043,090
Other Debt Instruments ....................................................  
4,029,204
—
—
Other Liabilities .............................................................  
958,671
2,433,024 
2,595,551
Shareholders’ Equity......................................................  
7,021,766
12,992,456 
21,825,052
Paid-in capital ..................................................................  
2,800,000
2,800,000 
2,800,000

--- Page 175 ---
175
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Capital Reserves ...............................................................  
1,386
1,381
15,665
Share Premium .................................................................  
1,012
1,007
1,007
Share Cancellation Profits ................................................  
—
—
—
Other Capital Reserves .....................................................  
374
374 
14,658
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income or Loss Not 
Reclassified Through Profit or Loss .................................  
499,744
1,313,495
3,748,737
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income or Loss 
Reclassified Through Profit or Loss .................................  
(37,051)
1,010,451
257,542
Profit Reserves .................................................................  
2,609,620
3,702,923
7,745,308
Legal Reserves .................................................................  
381,427
440,207
644,594
Status Reserves ................................................................  
75,641
75,641
75,641
Extraordinary Reserves ....................................................  
2,149,632
3,184,155
7,022,154
Other Profit Reserves .......................................................  
2,920
2.920
2,920
Profit Or Loss ...................................................................  
1,058,956
3,945,723
6,854,098
Prior Years’ Profit/Loss ....................................................  
(22,153)
(34,689)
(101,946)
Current Year Profit/Loss...................................................  
1,081,109
3,980,412
6,965,044
Non-Controlling Interests.................................................  
89,111
218,483
403,702
Total Liabilities and Equity ...........................................  
86,092,535
117,621,660
180,913,852
Assets
As of 31 December 2023, the Group had total assets of TL 180.9 billion, a 54.0 per cent. increase from TL 117.6 
billion as of 31 December 2022. 
Cash and Balances with the CBRT
As of 31 December 2023, the amount of the Group’s cash and balances with the CBRT was TL 2,942 million, 
a 5.18 per cent. increase compared to TL 2,797 million as of 31 December 2022.
Loans and Leasing Receivables
Loans and advances to customers represent the largest component of the Group’s assets. As discussed below, 
there are several important characteristics of the Group’s loan portfolio, including diversification based upon 
sector, type of borrower, maturity and currency. In the medium-term, the Bank plans to focus on infrastructure, 
renewable energy, energy and resource efficiency investments, as well as loans to SMEs and mid-caps, 
including financing to promote healthcare, education services and the empowerment of women. During the 
medium-term, the Bank aims to maintain its market share while improving its profitability, asset quality and 
cost efficiency and sustaining efficient capital See “Business of the Group – Strategy”.
As of 31 December 2023, the Group had loans and leasing receivables net of allowance for possible losses of 
TL 131.7 billion (72.8 per cent. of total assets), an increase of 61.9 per cent. compared to TL 81.3 billion (69.1 
per cent. of total assets) as of 31 December 2022, and the Group had TL 64.5 billion (74.9 per cent. of total

--- Page 176 ---
176
assets) as of 31 December 2021. The Group’s portfolio of cash total loans and advances to customers, less 
allowance for possible losses, increased by 62.0 per cent. as of 31 December 2023 compared to year-end 2022, 
which itself reflected a 26 per cent. increase compared to year-end 2021. The Bank’s foreign exchange adjusted 
loan growth in the year ended 31 December 2023 is 65.1 per cent. 
In addition to loans, the Group had outstanding guarantees amounting to TL 12.2 billion and letters of credit 
amounting to TL 4.1 billion as of 31 December 2023 (TL 7.3 billion and TL 3.5 billion, respectively, as of 31 
December 2022).
As of 31 December 2023, the average effective interest rates charged to borrowers on loans were 8.5 per cent. 
for EUR and 9.9 per cent. for USD (6.6 per cent. and 8.3 per cent. respectively in EUR and USD as of 31 
December 2022, 4.8 per cent. and 5.8 per cent. respectively in EUR and USD as of 31 December 2021). TL 
loan rates were 35.6 per cent. (19.7 per cent. as of 31 December 2022 and 18.6 per cent. as of 31 December 
2021). 
Sector of Loans
The following table shows the distribution of the Group’s loan portfolio by sector as of the dates indicated: 
As of 31 December 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Agriculture ..........................................  
39,332
0.06
42,641 
0.05 
85,207 
0.07
Industry  ..............................................  
39,962,731
64.42
53,391,744 
67.93 
86,709,745 
68.13
Mining and Quarrying ..........................  
1,454,215
2.34
1,635,242 
2.08 
1,771,012 
1.39
Manufacturing. .....................................  
11,257,372
18.15
18,253,334 
23.22 
34,588,255 
27.18
Electricity, Gas, Water ..........................  
27,251,144
43.93
33,503,168 
42.63 
50,350,478 
39.56
Construction ........................................  
3,064,853
4.94
2,910,294 
3.70
3,112,338 
2.45
Services(1) .............................................  
17,720,214
28.56
20,719,000 
26.36 
34,617,413 
27.20
Wholesale and Retail Trade ..................  
625,189
1.01
689,637 
0.88 
481,012 
0.38
Hotel and Restaurant Services ..............  
2,021,385
3.26
1,622,873 
2.06 
3,636,934 
2.86
Transportation and Communication ......  
3,613,357
5.82
5,926,577 
7.54 
11,172,162 
8.78
Financial Institutions ............................  
7,780,922
12.54
8,298,407 
10.56 
13,351,262 
10.49
Real Estate and Rental Services ............  
852,298
1.37
497,521 
0.63 
579,957 
0.46
Self-Employed Services ........................  
4,906
0.01
— 
— 
— 
—
Educational Services .............................  
311,961
0.50
455,968 
0.58 
488,087 
0.38
Health and Social Services ...................  
2,510,196
4.05
3,228,017 
4.11 
4,907,999 
3.86
Other ....................................................  
1,251,864
2.02
1,532,540 
1.95 
2,745,984 
2.16
Performing Loans ...............................  
62,038,994
100 
78,596,219 
100 
127,270,687 
100
Leasing Receivables .............................  
346,567
— 
380,231 
— 
452,370 
—
Non-performing Loans .........................  
2,081,519
— 
2,333,976 
— 
3,946,128 
—
Total Loans and Advances to 
Customers .............................................  
64,467,080 
— 
81,310,426 
— 
131,669,185
—
Allowance for Loan Losses ..................  
3,123,499
— 
5,519,988 
— 
11,172,162
—

--- Page 177 ---
177
As of 31 December 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Net Loans and Advances to 
Customer ............................................. 
61,343,581 
— 
75,790,438 
— 
13,351,262
—
Note: 
(1)
Services includes the sum of wholesale and retail trade, hotel and restaurant services, transportation and communication, financial 
institutions, real estate and rental services, self-employed services, educational services and health and social services. 
Currency of Loans 
As of 31 December 2023, foreign currency risk-bearing loans comprised 92 per cent. of the Group’s loan 
portfolio (of which U.S. Dollar- and Euro-denominated obligations were the most significant), compared to 90 
per cent. as of 31 December 2022 and 92 per cent. as of 31 December 2021.
The following table sets out an analysis by currency of the exposure of the Group’s loan portfolio (including 
interest and other accruals) as of the dates indicated.
As of 31 December 
2021 
2022 
2023 
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Cash Loans 
Turkish Lira ........................................  
5,223,984
8.42 % 
7,738,893 
9.85% 
10,205,968 
8.02% 
Foreign Currency(1).............................  
56,815,010
91.58% 70,857,326 
90.15% 
117,064,719 
91.98% 
U.S. Dollars ..........................................  
32,414,368
52.25% 43,371,601 
55.18% 
65,684,424 
51.61% 
Euro ......................................................  
24,400,642
39.33% 27,485,725 
34.97% 
51,380,295 
40.37% 
Other .....................................................  
—
—
—
—
—
—
Total Cash Loans ................................  
62,038,994
100% 78,596,219 
100% 
127,270,684 
100% 
Non-cash Loans 
Letters of Guarantee ...........................  
2,912,801
35.17% 
3,735,544 
51.13% 
8,101,351 
0.66% 
Turkish Lira ..........................................  
251,849
3.04% 
1,166,774 
15.97% 
2,378,872 
0.19% 
Foreign Currency ..................................  
2,660,952
32.13% 
2,568,770 
35.16% 
5,722,479 
0.47% 
Acceptance Credits .............................  
170,742
2.06 
39,643 
0.54% 
—
—
Turkish Lira ..........................................  
—
—
—
—
—
—
Foreign Currency ..................................  
170,742
2.06 
39,643 
0.54% 
—
—
Letters of Credit ..................................  
5,199,272
62.77% 
3,530,422 
48.32% 
4,121,492 
0.34% 
Turkish Lira ..........................................  
85,905
1.04 
321,520 
4.40% 
129,703 
0.01% 
Foreign Currency ..................................  
5,113,367
61.73% 
3,208,902 
43.92% 
3,991,789 
0.33% 
Other Guarantee .................................  
—
—
—
—
—
—
Turkish Lira ..........................................  
—
—
—
—
—
—
Foreign Currency ..................................  
—
—
—
—
—
—
Total Non-cash Loans .........................  
8,282,815
100% 
7,305,609 
100% 
12,222,843
100%

--- Page 178 ---
178
As of 31 December 
2021 
2022 
2023 
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Total Loans..........................................  
61,343,581
100% 85,901,828 
100% 
131,216,815 
100% 
Note: 
(1)
Foreign currency loans include foreign currency indexed loans. 
Securities Portfolio 
Prior to 1 January 2018, the Group’s securities portfolio comprised trading securities (i.e., debt and equity 
securities that the Group principally held for the purpose of short-term profit taking, which were reflected on 
the balance sheet as “financial assets at fair value through profit or loss”) and investment securities (i.e. held to 
maturity securities and available for sale securities). 
Since 1 January 2018, the Group’s securities portfolio comprises trading securities (i.e., debt and equity 
securities that the Group principally holds for the purpose of short-term profit taking, which are reflected on 
the balance sheet as “financial assets at fair value through profit or loss”) and investment securities (i.e. financial 
assets measured at amortised cost securities and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income securities). The Group also enters into purchases (or sales) of securities under agreements to resell (or 
repurchase) substantially identical investments at a certain date in the future at a fixed price (i.e., “repos”). 
Securities sold under repurchase agreements continue to be recognised in the balance sheet and are measured 
in accordance with the accounting policy for the related security portfolio as appropriate. The Group’s portfolio 
of marketable securities consists primarily of Turkish government securities (including bonds, treasury bills 
and Eurobonds) denominated in Turkish Lira, U.S. Dollars and Euro.
As of 31 December 2023, the size of the Group’s aggregate securities portfolio was TL 28.7 billion, which is 
an increase of 20.0 per cent. from TL 23.9 billion as of 31 December 2022 which, in turn, increased 85 per cent. 
from TL 712.9 billion as of 31 December 2021.
As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s securities portfolio constituted 15.8 per cent. of the Group’s total assets, 
compared to 20.3 per cent. and 15.0 per cent., respectively, as of 31 December 2022 and 2021.
Pursuant to market practice, the Group pledges securities to acquire funding under security repurchase 
agreements. The securities so pledged amounted to TL 13.2 billion as of 31 December 2023, TL 11.6 billion as 
of 31 December 2022 and TL 3.5 billion as of 31 December 2021, respectively, comprising 14.0 per cent., 51.0 
per cent. and 24.0 per cent., respectively, of the Group’s securities portfolio on such dates. Such securities are 
included in the tables in this section. The remaining repurchase agreements are used to fund other Turkish Lira-
denominated assets such as Turkish Lira-denominated loans and money market transactions. As of 31 December 
2023, the whole security portfolio was funded by the Bank’s equity.
The following tables set out breakdowns of securities (on a book-value basis) held by the Group as of the dates 
indicated:
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost .................  
3,955,703
12,825,981 
18,894,112

--- Page 179 ---
179
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other 
Comprehensive Income .................................................... 
8,935,277
11,089,289 
9,766,338
Financial Assets At Fair Value Through Profit And Loss .  
305,856
175,599 
409,358
Total securities ................................................................  
13,196,836
24,090,869 
29,069,808
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Turkish Lira-denominated securities ................................  
6,006,551
10,150,233 
12,653,805
Foreign currency-denominated and indexed securities ....  
7,190,285
13,940,636 
16,416,003
Total securities ................................................................  
13,196,836
24,090,869 
29,069,808
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Turkish government debt securities(1) ..............................  
12,306,214
22,575,768 
27,724,573
Other marketable debt securities ......................................  
577,864
897,060 
420,811
Equity shares ....................................................................  
312,758
618,041 
924,424
Total securities ................................................................  
13,196,836
24,090,869 
29,069,808
Note: 
(1)
Government debt securities include government bonds, treasury bills and Eurobonds. 
Investment Securities
As noted above, prior to 1 January 2018, investment securities comprised held to maturity securities and 
available for sale securities. Held to maturity securities were financial assets with fixed or determinable 
payments and fixed maturities that the Group intended and had the ability to hold to maturity. Available for sale 
securities were financial assets that were not held-for-trading purposes or held-to-maturity. Available for sale 
instruments included certain debt and equity investments. The Group classified investment securities depending 
on the intention of management at the time of the purchase thereof, though a re-classification was possible if 
the intention of management later changed.
Since 1 January 2018, investment securities comprise financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income securities and financial assets measured at amortised cost securities. Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost are financial assets with fixed or determinable payments and fixed maturities that the Group

--- Page 180 ---
180
intends and has the ability to hold to maturity. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
securities are financial assets that are not held-for-trading purposes or held-to-maturity. Financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income instruments include certain debt and equity investments. The Group 
classifies investment securities depending on the intention of management at the time of the purchase thereof, 
though a reclassification is possible if the intention of management later changes.
As of 31 December 2023, the size of the Group’s investment portfolio was TL 29.1 billion, an increase of 21.0 
per cent. from TL 24.1 billion as of 31 December 2022 which, in turn, increased 82.6 per cent. from TL 13.2 
billion as of 31 December 2021.
As of 31 December 2023, the Group did not hold debt securities of any one issuer that (in the aggregate) had a 
book value in excess of 0.8 per cent. of the Group’s shareholders’ equity, other than securities issued by the 
Turkish government. As of such date, the Group’s TL 27.7 billion of Turkish government securities represented 
127 per cent. of the Group’s shareholders’ equity.
(a)
Held to Maturity/Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost Portfolio
The Group’s portfolio of financial assets measured at amortised cost securities consists of Turkish government 
bonds and Eurobonds. In 2023, the Group booked TL 18.9 billion of its securities portfolio corresponding to 65 
per cent. being held under its total securities portfolio.
(b)
Available for Sale/Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income Portfolio
The Group’s portfolio of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income consists of Turkish 
government bonds and treasury bills, Turkish private sector bonds and Eurobonds, foreign Eurobonds and 
equity shares. The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s portfolio of financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income securities as of the dates indicated: 
As of 31 December 
2021 
2022 
2023 
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Turkish government debt securities(1) ...  
8,350,511
93.46% 
9,749,787 
87.92% 
8,830,461 
90.41% 
Other marketable debt securities(2) ........  
304,284
3.41% 
819,774 
7.39% 
18,893 
0.19% 
Equity shares ........................................  
280,482
3.14% 
519,728 
4.69% 
916,984 
9.39% 
Total AFS/FVOCI ...............................  
8,935,277
100% 11,089,289 
100% 
9,766,338 
100% 
Notes: 
(1)
Government debt securities include government bonds, treasury bills and Eurobonds. 
(2)
Includes private sector debt securities and mutual funds. 
As of 31 December 2023, the size of the Group’s financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income securities portfolio was TL 9.8 billion. As of 31 December 2022, the size of the Group’s financial assets 
at fair value through other comprehensive income securities portfolio was TL 11.1 billion. As of 31 December 
2021, the size of the Group’s financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income securities 
portfolio was TL 8.9 billion.
The average interest rates on the Group’s financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
securities portfolio as of 31 December 2023 were: (a) for Turkish Lira-denominated securities, 43.3 per cent., 
(b) for U.S. Dollar-denominated securities, 6.6 per cent., and (c) for Euro-denominated securities, 4.6 per cent.

--- Page 181 ---
181
The average interest rates on the Group’s financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
securities portfolio for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 were: (a) for Turkish Lira-denominated 
securities, 19.6 per cent. and 17.2 per cent., respectively, (b) for U.S. Dollar-denominated securities, 5.2 per 
cent. and 4.8 per cent., respectively, and (c) for Euro-denominated securities, 4.6 per cent. and 4.6 per cent., 
respectively.
The average interest rates on the Group’s financial assets measured at amortised cost securities portfolio as of 
31 December 2023 were: (a) for Turkish Lira-denominated securities, 44.7 per cent., (b) for U.S. Dollar-
denominated securities, 8.1 per cent., and (c) for Euro-denominated securities, 5.8 per cent.
Trading Securities
As noted above, trading securities are debt and equity securities that the Group principally holds for the purpose 
of short-term profit taking. These include investments and derivative contracts that are not designated as 
effective hedging instruments under Turkish law. All trading derivatives in a net receivable position (positive 
fair value) are reported as trading assets, whereas all trading derivatives in a net payable position (negative fair 
value) are reported as trading liabilities.
After initial recognition, securities that are classified as held-for-trading are measured at estimated fair value. 
Changes in the estimated fair value are included in the Group’s Statements of income included elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus within gains less losses from securities. In determining estimated fair value, trading 
securities are valued at the last trade price (if quoted on an exchange (e.g., BİST)). When market prices are not 
available, fair value is determined by the internal rate of return method.
The following tables set out a breakdown of the Group’s trading portfolio as of the dates indicated: 
As of 31 December 
2021 
2022 
2023 
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Turkish government debt securities(1) ...  
—
—
—
—
—
% 
Other marketable debt securities ...........  
273,580
89.45% 
77,286 
44.01% 
401,918 
98.18% 
Equity shares ........................................  
32,276
10.55% 
98,313 
55.99% 
7,440 
1.82% 
Total trading portfolio ........................  
305,856
100% 
175,599 
100% 
409,358 
100% 
Note: 
(1)
Government debt securities include government bonds, treasury bills and Eurobonds. 
As of 31 December 2023, the size of the Group’s trading securities portfolio increased by 133 per cent. to TL 
409 million from TL 176 million as of 31 December 2022, a decrease of 42.5 per cent. as compared to TL 306 
million as of 31 December 2021. The changes in the trading securities portfolio are attributable to the actions 
taken by the Group to benefit from price or rate changes.
The average interest rate on the Group’s trading securities portfolio as of 31 December 2023 was 42.8 per cent. 
(20.7 per cent. as of 31 December 2022) for Turkish Lira-denominated securities.
Liabilities
As of 31 December 2023, the Group had total liabilities of TL 180.9 billion, an increase of 53.8 per cent. from 
TL 117.6 billion as of 31 December 2022.

--- Page 182 ---
182
As of 31 December 2023, the Group had TL 3.7 billion in money market balances, and TL 106.9 billion in funds 
borrowed.
Shareholders’ Equity
As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s shareholders’ equity amounted to 12.1 per cent. of the Group’s total 
assets, compared to 10.9 per cent. as of 31 December 2022. Both retained profit and market to market gains and 
losses from financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income7 investments contributed to the 
change in shareholders’ equity. Total shareholders’ equity was TL 7.0 billion, TL 12.9 billion and TL 21.8 billion 
as of 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
The aggregate amount of off-balance sheet arrangements, comprising guarantees, letters of credit and similar 
obligations, totalled TL 162.5 billion as of 31 December 2023 and TL 126.1 billion as of 31 December 2022. 
Additional information regarding the Group’s off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth in “Contingencies and 
Commitments” below.
Capital Adequacy
Each of the Bank and the Group is required to comply with capital adequacy guidelines promulgated by the 
BRSA, which are based upon the guidelines adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and 
Supervision Practices of the Bank for International Settlements. The Bank complies with the BRSA regulations 
on capital adequacy which include, but are not limited to, Basel III regulations. The Bank will fully comply 
with Basel III regulations when these regulations are adopted and put into force by BRSA in full. Such 
guidelines require banks to maintain adequate levels of regulatory capital against risk-bearing assets and off-
balance sheet exposures (commitment and contingencies). In accordance with these guidelines, each of the 
Bank and the Group must maintain a total capital ratio in excess of 8 per cent. of risk weighted assets/exposures 
calculated in accordance with BRSA regulations. In addition, as a prudential requirement, the BRSA requires a 
target capital adequacy ratio that is 4 per cent. higher than the legal capital ratio.
Within the context of the implementation of the Basel III framework in Türkiye, on 1 January 2014, the 
Regulation on Equities of Banks published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006 (the 
“2006 Equity Regulation”) regarding the capital of the banks through the end of 2013 was replaced by the 
2013 Equity Regulation. Under the 2013 Equity Regulation, Tier I capital is divided into core Tier I capital and 
additional Tier I capital. In connection with such classification, the regulation amending the Regulation on the 
Measurement and Evaluation of the Capital Adequacy of Banks, which also entered into effect on 1 January 
2014, introduced new ratios for the evaluation of capital adequacy. Under the provisions of these amendments, 
the minimum required total capital ratio remains at 8 per cent. while the core capital adequacy ratio and Tier I 
capital adequacy ratio are 4.5 per cent. and 6 per cent., respectively. Each of the Bank and the Group currently 
satisfies the capital requirements of the BRSA.
The BRSA published the 2015 Capital Adequacy Regulation, which entered into force on 31 March 2016, 
replacing the 2012 Capital Adequacy Regulation. The 2015 Capital Adequacy Regulation sustains the capital 
adequacy ratios introduced by the former regulation, but changes the risk weights of certain items. The BRSA 
also amended certain other regulations and communiqués as published in the Official Gazette dated 23 October 
2015 No. 29511 and 20 January 2016 No. 29599 (also entering into force on 31 March 2016). In addition, recent 
regulatory changes include BRSA Letter No. 10513 dated 12 August 2018 and BRSA Letter No. 10578 dated 
7 
The corresponding investment category for the year ended 31 December 2017 is “Available for Sale Investments”.

--- Page 183 ---
183
13 August 2018. Under Letter No. 10513, the valuation differences of the securities included in the “Financial 
Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income” portfolio shall be calculated in accordance with 
the regulation and shall not be taken into consideration in the equity amount in the capital adequacy ratio 
calculation as of 12 August 2018. Under Letter 10578, the foreign exchange bid rate to be used in the calculation 
of amount subject to credit risk shall be determined as the higher of average CBRT’s foreign exchange bid rate 
of 252 business days prior to the calculation date or foreign exchange bid rate used in the preparation of financial 
statements as of 30 June 2018. In response to the COVID-19 outbreak, the BRSA took a provisional measure 
for using 31 December 2019 exchange rates in certain capital and other calculations, which was then revised 
by the BRSA on 8 December 2020 (and further extended on 17 June 2021 and 16 September 2021) to allow 
banks to use the CBRT’s buying exchange rate based on the last 252 days before the calculation to calculate the 
amount subject to credit risk under the 2015 Capital Adequacy Regulation until the BRSA revokes its decision. 
On 21 December 2021, the BRSA announced that banks shall (if using this approach) use the average of the 
CBRT’s foreign exchange buying rates during the 252 business days ending on 31 December 2021 and on 28 
April 2022, the BRSA amended this rule so that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use 
the CBRT’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 31 December 2021 in certain capital and other calculations and 
on 31 January 2023 the BRSA further amended this rule so that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, 
banks may use the CBRT’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 30 December 2022 in such calculations. On 12 
December 2023, the BRSA further amended this rule so that, starting as of 1 January 2024, banks may use the 
Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 26 June 2023 in such calculations. As of 31 December 2023, 
2022 and 2021, the Group’s total capital adequacy ratio was 26.0 per cent., 22.4 per cent. and 20.8 per cent., 
respectively. The Bank intends to maintain its (and the Group’s) capital ratios in excess of those required by 
both Turkish law and internal risk limits determined by Board of Directors (see “Risk Management”). 
The following table sets out information on the Group’s capital and its capital adequacy ratios as of the indicated 
dates, calculated in accordance with Basel III.
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Paid-in capital ..................................................................  
2,800,000
2,800,000
2,800,000
Paid-in capital inflation adjustments ................................  
374
374
14,658
Profit reserves ..................................................................  
2,609,620
3,702,923
7,745,308
Profit ................................................................................  
1,058,956
3,945,723
6,854,098
Tier I Capital (I) ...............................................................  
7,249,780
16,610,292
26,997,823
Tier II Capital (II) .............................................................  
4,589,202
874,682
1,222,464
Deductions (III) ................................................................  
—
—
—
Own Funds (I+II-III) ........................................................  
11,836,982
17,484,974
28,220,287
Risk Weighted Assets (including market and operational 
risk) ..................................................................................  
56,920,346
78,041,838
108,714,184
Capital Ratios:
Tier I Ratio .......................................................................  
12.74%
21.28%
24.83%
Total Capital Adequacy Ratio(1) .......................................  
20.80%
22.40%
25.96%

--- Page 184 ---
184
Notes: 
(1)
The Group’s own funds as a percentage of its risk-weighted assets. 
The increases in the Group’s capital in each of these periods represented the growth in the Group’s retained 
earnings, which are the profits that have not been distributed as cash dividends. The Bank’s Tier I ratio stood at 
24.8 per cent. (including forbearances, as compared to 17.4 per cent. excluding forbearances) and its total 
Capital Adequacy Ratio stood at 26.0 per cent. (including forbearances, as compared to 18.8 per cent. excluding 
forbearances), in each case as of 31 December 2023. At the same date, the Bank’s stage I, Stage II and Stage 
III loans amounted, respectively, to 1.0 per cent., 30.2 per cent. and 77.0 per cent. of its total loan portfolio.
Non-Financial Subsidiaries
As of 31 December 2023, the non-financial subsidiaries of the Bank were TSKB Gayrimenkul Değerleme A.Ş., 
Terme Metal Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Ş., Ege Tarım Ürünleri Lisanslı Depoculuk A.Ş., TSKB Sürdürülebilirlik 
Danışmanlığı A.Ş and Anavarza Otelcilik Anonim Şirketi. These non-financial subsidiaries are not consolidated 
in the consolidated BRSA Financial Statements; however, Ege Tarım Ürünleri Lisanslı Depoculuk A.Ş. and 
TSKB Sürdürülebilirlik Danışmanlığı A.Ş. are shown under the “Investments in Associates” and “Investments 
in Subsidiaries” line items at their book values in the consolidated BRSA Financial Statements. If dividends are 
received from these non-financial subsidiaries, then such dividends are reflected in the applicable period’s 
income statement of the consolidated BRSA Financial Statements. 
The following tables set forth certain information regarding these non-financial subsidiaries. For a discussion 
of the differences between the BRSA Financial Statements and the IFRS financial statements, see Appendix –
“Overview of Significant Differences Between IFRS and BRSA Accounting Principles”. 
TSKB Gayrimenkul Değerleme A.Ş.
As of (or for the year ended)
31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Total Assets ......................................................................  
36,114
49,354
115,600
Total Liabilities ................................................................  
7,125
7,932
28,476
Profit/(loss) for the period ................................................  
7,843
17,551
27,564 
Sürdürülebilir Danışmanlık A.Ş.
As of (or for the year ended) 
31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Total Assets ......................................................................  
8,599
12,262
17,222
Total Liabilities ................................................................  
1,478
1,713
3,329
Profit/(loss) for the period ................................................  
981
3,428
3,366

--- Page 185 ---
185
Terme Metal Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Ş.
As of (or for the year ended) 
31 December
2021
2022
2023 
(TL thousands)
Total Assets ......................................................................  
7,985
7,722
7,697
Total Liabilities ................................................................  
2,889
2,870
2,871
Profit/(loss) for the period ................................................  
(61)
(244)
(9)
Ege Tarım Ürünleri Lisanslı Depoculuk A.Ş.
As of (or for the year ended) 
31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Total Assets ......................................................................  
20,891
57,464
76,514
Total Liabilities ................................................................  
1,827
36,197
41,194
Profit/(loss) for the period ................................................  
2,382
2,134
14,218
Anavarza Otelcilik Anonim Şirketi 
As of (or for the year ended) 
31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Total Assets ......................................................................  
10,716
19,650
52,692
Total Liabilities ................................................................  
7,045
8,515
26,576
Profit/(loss) for the period ................................................  
2,476
767
21,433
Liquidity and Funding
The Group’s principal sources of funding are loans from development finance institutions, of which a total of 
54 per cent. is provided by the World Bank Group and the European Investment Bank as of 31 December 2023. 
As of 31 December 2023, 64.4 per cent. (68 per cent. as of 31 December 2022) of the Group’s foreign currency-
denominated borrowings were sourced from international banks and DFIs. For its other funding, the Bank’s 
strategy has been largely to utilise money market funds (including repos), issuances of debt securities, bilateral 
loans and syndicated loans, although this approach is subject to change, depending upon market opportunities 
and changes in prevailing rates and other funding sources. For further discussion on the Group’s risk 
management policies relating to funding, see, “Risk Management – Liquidity and Funding”.
As of 31 December 2023, the Bank’s total foreign currency-denominated borrowings constituted 81.3 per cent. 
of its consolidated assets (87.8 per cent. as of 31 December 2022). In addition, 62.4 per cent. of the Bank’s 
long-term funds were guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury as of 31 December 2023 (53.2 per cent. as of 31

--- Page 186 ---
186
December 2022). Development and investment banks (such as the Bank) are exempt from reserve requirements 
for their funding guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury. 
The tables below set out the Group’s principal sources of funding as of the dates indicated:
As of 31 December 
2021 
2022 
2023 
TL
Foreign 
Currencies
Total
TL
Foreign
Currencies
Total
TL
Foreign 
Currencies
Total
(TL thousands) 
Funds Borrowed ............... 
119,231
54,154,809
54,274,040
—
70,814,085
70,814,085
175,418
106,675,692
106,851,110
Repos and Money Market 
Funds ................................ 
713,079
698,140
1,411,219
1,215,564
1,256,559
2,472,123
1,921,359
2,224,922
3,727,880
Debt Securities ................. 
879,492
14,927,941
15,807,433
505,705
21,047,752
21,553,457
1,921,359
32,227,091
34,148,450
The Group’s loans constituted in aggregate 62.4 per cent., 63.4 per cent. and 67.7 per cent. of its total liabilities 
as of 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s loans amounted 
to TL 112.9 billion, an increase of 51.2 per cent. from TL 74.6 billion as of 31 December 2022, itself an increase 
of 28.2 per cent. from TL 58.2 billion as of 31 December 2021. 
For tables setting out the maturity structure of the Group’s loans with a breakdown of the source of loans for 
the years ended 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023, see Note II.3.b in Section Five of the Group’s BRSA 
Financial Statements attached hereto.
The remaining sources of funds for the Group are repos and money market funds, which accounted 1.65 per 
cent., 2.10 per cent. and 2.10 per cent. of the Group’s total liabilities as of 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023, 
respectively, and issuances of debt securities, which accounted for 18.9 per cent. and 18.3 per cent. as of 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022 respectively. 
The tables below set out the Group’s funding from banks and other institutions, by type of institution, as of the 
dates indicated:
As of 31 December 
2021 
2022 
2023 
TL
Foreign
Currencies
TL
Foreign 
Currencies
TL
Foreign 
Currencies
(TL thousands) 
Funds borrowed from financial 
institutions and organisations ................ 
—
49,598,808
— 
65,847,131 
— 
—
Funds borrowed from the domestic 
banks and institutions ........................... 
30,018
— 
— 
251,625 
175,418 
—
Funds borrowed from foreign banks, 
institutions and funds ............................  
89,213 
4,556,001
— 
4,715,329 
— 
106,675,692
Subordinated Loans and debt 
instruments ...........................................  
—
4,029,204 
— 
3,829,127 
— 
6,043,090
Total .....................................................  
119,231
58,184,013 
— 
74,643,212 
175,418 
106,675,562

--- Page 187 ---
187
The Bank’s short-term funding, including syndicated loans, bilateral loans and money market transactions, 
represented 0.6 per cent. of its outstanding funding base as of 31 December 2023. The table below sets out the 
Group’s funds borrowed (including subordinated loans) based upon their maturity as of the dates indicated:
As of 31 December 
2021 
2022 
2023 
TL
Foreign
Currencies
TL
Foreign 
Currencies
TL
Foreign 
Currencies
(TL thousands) 
Short-term (one year or less) ....................  
30,018
— 
— 
— 
175,418 
601,435
Medium and Long-term ............................  
89,213
54,154,809 
— 
74,643,212 
— 
106,074,257
Total ........................................................  
119,231
54,154,809 
— 
74,643,212 
175,418 
106,675,692
Short-term borrowings from foreign banks principally include syndicated and bilateral loans along with money 
market transactions. Details of the Group’s short-term borrowings as of 31 December 2023 are as follows: 
Outstanding Principal
Final Maturity
EUR 94 million syndicated loan
1 August 2024
USD 17.5 million syndicated loan
1 August 2024
USD 9.2 million bilateral loan
20 June 2024
USD 20 million bilateral loan
2 February 2024
EUR 18.4 million bilateral loan
19 February 2024
USD 14.5 million private placement
1 March 2024
USD 53 million private placement
8 May 2024
The Group renewed its annual syndication loan facility of U.S.$17.5 million and EUR 90 million on 28 July 
2022. The loan had three sustainability KPI targets.
The Bank signed a U.S.$220 million agreement with JBIC in February 2022 to support emissions reduction. 
The Bank signed a U.S.$100 million loan agreement with the IFC on 8 March 2022. The loan obtained from 
IFC will be used to increase women’s access to financing and employment opportunities in Türkiye and to 
promote gender equality practices in Companies. On April 2022, a loan agreement with EBRD was signed with 
an amount of EUR 53.5 million, to support the green economy in Türkiye. In December 2022, TSKB signed a 
loan agreement with AIIB for U.S.$200 million, focused on climate adaptation and mitigation, and a separate 
loan agreement with AFD for EUR 80 million focused on the circular economy.
Many of the Group’s financing arrangements include provisions permitting the applicable creditors to require 
the accelerated repayment of the applicable indebtedness, including as a result of a breach of a financial or other 
covenant or the occurrence of a change of control. The Group monitors its compliance with its obligations under 
its financing arrangements in order to seek to avoid any such acceleration.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management believes that the Bank’s and the Group’s 
liquidity is sufficient for its present requirements for at least the next 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 188 ---
188
Contingencies and Commitments
The Group’s contingencies and commitments primarily consist of derivatives and the commitments to fund 
loans to customers. The following table summarises all of the Group’s off-balance sheet contingencies and 
commitments as of the dates indicated. For additional information, please see the Group’s consolidated BRSA 
Financial Statements.
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Guarantees and sureties ....................................................  
8,282,815
7,305,609
12,222,843
Loan funding and other commitments .............................  
11,524,403
15,373,599
12,483,154
Derivatives .......................................................................  
88,864,962
103,459,454
137,784,809
Total Contingencies and Commitments........................  
108,672,180
126,138,662
162,490,806
Guarantees
The Group offers its customers products such as guarantees and letters of credit to meet its customers’ needs 
for commercial banking services, frequently in connection with the customers’ export and import activities. 
These products do not appear on the Group’s balance sheet.
As of 31 December 2023, the Group had outstanding (issued) letters of credit amounting to TL 4.1 million and 
guarantees amounting to TL 8.1 million. 
The table below sets forth the Group’s total off-balance sheet guarantees and sureties as of the indicated dates.
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Letters of guarantee ..........................................................  
2,912,801
3,735,544
8,101,351
Acceptance credits ...........................................................  
170,915
39,643
—
Letters of credit ................................................................  
5,199,272
3,530,422
4,121,492
Other guarantees(1) ...........................................................  
—
—
—
Total .................................................................................  
8,282,988
7,305,609
12,222,843
Note: 
(1)
Includes endorsements. 
Derivatives 
The Group enters into forward, swap and option transactions to provide hedging services for itself and its 
clients. The table below sets forth the Group’s total derivative transactions, by currency, as of the dates 
indicated.

--- Page 189 ---
189
As of 31 December 2023 
Buy 
Sell 
TL
Foreign
Currency
Total
TL
Foreign 
Currency
Total
(TL thousands) 
Forward foreign exchange contracts .........  
506,702
64,395 
571,097 
— 
537,547 
537,547
Currency swaps ........................................  
4,944 
19,862,066 
19,867,010 
13,148,219 
6,935,939 
20,084,158
Interest rate swaps ....................................  
25,778 
28,942,693 
28,968,471 
25,778 
28,942,693 
28,968,471
Currency options ......................................  
—
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
Interest rate options ..................................  
—
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
Others .......................................................  
—
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
As of 31 December 2022 
Buy 
Sell 
TL
Foreign
Currency
Total
TL
Foreign 
Currency
Total
(TL thousands) 
Forward foreign exchange contracts .........  
690,671
163,686 
854,357 
— 
710,227 
710,227
Currency swaps ........................................  
77,756 
17,764,305 
17,842,061 
11,128,122 
5,963,930 
17,092,052
Interest rate swaps ....................................  
78,444 
20,095,746 
20,174,190 
78,444 
20,095,746 
20,174,190
Currency options ......................................  
—
8,719 
8,719 
— 
8,719 
8,719
Interest rate options ..................................  
—
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
Futures ......................................................  
—
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
Others .......................................................  
—
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
As of 31 December 2021 
Buy 
Sell 
TL
Foreign
Currency
Total
TL
Foreign 
Currency
Total
(TL thousands) 
Forward foreign exchange contracts .........  
573,527
490,868 
1,064,395 
78,803 
1,142,879 
1,221,682
Currency swaps ........................................  
714,846 
13,556,545 
14,271,391 
5,936,002 
7,167,646 
13,103,648
Interest rate swaps ....................................  
131,111 
15,918,935 
16,050,046 
131,111 
15,918,935 
16,050,046
Currency options ......................................  
4,270
8,085 
12,355 
4,270 
8,085 
12,355
Interest rate options ..................................  
—
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
Others .......................................................  
8,247
7,696 
15,943 
7,967 
7,696 
15,663
Property, Plant and Equipment
The table below sets forth the components of the Group’s consolidated property, plant and equipment as of the 
indicated dates.

--- Page 190 ---
190
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Buildings ..........................................................................  
466,570
1,187,789
2,144,569
Vehicles ............................................................................  
2,328
7,624
15,028
Other(1) .............................................................................  
56,210
78,618
159,637
Depreciation .....................................................................  
45,747
59,804
81,979
Net book value ................................................................  
479,361
1,214,227
2,237,255
Note: 
(1)
Leasing intangible assets, leasehold improvements, office equipment, furniture and fixtures are shown under 
“Other”.

--- Page 191 ---
191
BUSINESS OF THE GROUP
Overview
The Bank is a Turkish banking institution organised as a joint stock company under the Turkish Commercial 
Code (No. 6102). The Bank is headquartered in Istanbul and the telephone number for the Issuer’s headquarters 
is +90 212 334 5050. The Bank is the first privately owned development and investment bank in Türkiye and, 
as of 31 December 2023, held a 13.2 per cent. share of the total assets among Turkish development and 
investment banks according to the BRSA. As of 31 December 2023, the market capitalisation of the Bank 
(MCAP) is TL 18.3 billion. The Bank, largely in co-operation with DFIs, is principally involved in promoting 
the development of the Turkish economy by providing long-term funds for the domestic and international 
investments of Turkish companies, primarily through foreign currency-denominated loans. As well as 
supporting private sector investments (mostly in industrial sectors), part of the Bank’s original and continuing 
mandate and strategy is to assist domestic and foreign capital owners to finance the development of new 
businesses in Türkiye and to contribute to improvements in Turkish capital markets.
The Group is also involved in capital market brokerage services, portfolio management and corporate finance 
advisory services. The Group’s investment banking activities include advisory services for public offerings, 
bond issuances and mergers and acquisitions. The Group’s strategic advisory activities include providing 
company appraisal services, feasibility studies and restructuring services. The Group also provides advisory 
services to domestic and foreign corporations, including locating strategic or financial partners and advising on 
company mergers and privatisations. The Bank operates in three main business segments: (a) Corporate 
Banking, which includes the Project Finance and Corporate Marketing departments, (b) Investment Banking 
and (c) Advisory Services. The Bank has one branch in Ankara, as well as its principal İstanbul office.
The Bank is the first Turkish-owned bank certified to ISO 14001 (the International Organisation for 
Standardisation’s certificate for Environment Management Systems) based upon its environmental management 
system. The Bank’s dedication to sustainability dates back to 1980, when it introduced environmental standards 
in its credit evaluation process. In 2005, the Bank developed its own Environmental and Social Risk Evaluation 
tool (“ERET”) in order to rate projects irrespective of sector or loan size including both investment and working 
capital loans. The Bank has extended a large portfolio of loans to energy efficiency, resource efficiency and 
various types of renewable energy projects; however, the Bank is focused on further diversifying its loan 
portfolio. With its numerous environmental and renewable-energy related projects, the Bank is also the first and 
only Turkish bank to be granted the “Financial Times Sustainable Emerging Markets Bank of the Year” award 
for Eastern Europe.
In 2021, TSKB has won “Bronze” award in the “Best Integrated Report” category in the 6th Asia Sustainability 
Reporting Awards. Also, the bank was awarded the “Best Bank in Central and Eastern Europe in Sustainable 
Finance” by Euromoney, the “Most Sustainable Bank in Türkiye for 2021” by World Finance and the “Islamic 
Finance Deal of the Year in Europe” by The Banker with the issuance of a sustainable lease certificate.
In 2022, TSKB was selected as “Turkey’s Best Bank in the Field of Sustainable Development” in the Global 
Banking Finance Awards 2022 and “Turkey’s Most Sustainable Bank” in the World Finance Banking 2022 
award program. Again in 2022, TSKB received the Honors Award for its 2021 Integrated Annual Report from 
ARC Awards and received the “Best Advance in Competencies and Skill Development and Best Use of Blended 
Learning” awards from Brandon Hall. TSKB has also been included as the only Turkish company in the 2023 
Top-Rated ESG Companies List by Sustainalytics.
In 2023, TSKB won the “Low Carbon Heroes Award” from the Sustainable Production and Consumption 
Association (SÜT-D), was selected as the “Local Currency Debt House of the Year” by Bonds, Loans & ESG 
Capital Markets CEE, CIS & Türkiye Awards, and was awarded the “100th Year Communication Projects

--- Page 192 ---
192
Category” award by PR Felis. Also in 2023, TSKB was awarded “Best Advance in Coaching and Mentoring”, 
“Best Advance in Talent Acquisition Process” and “Best Benefits, Wellness and Well-Being Program” awards 
by Brandon Hall Excellence and was selected as “Türkiye's Best Bank in the Field of Sustainable Development” 
and “Türkiye's Best Corporate Sustainability Strategy” at the Global Banking and Finance Awards.
As of 31 December 2023, the Group had total assets of TL 180.9 billion, an increase of 53.8 per cent. from TL 
117.6 billion as of 31 December 2022, which was an increase of 37.0 per cent. from TL 86.1 billion as of 31 
December 2021. As of 31 December 2023, the Group had total shareholders’ equity of TL 21.8 billion, an 
increase of 69.0 per cent. from TL 12.9 billion as of 31 December 2022, which was an increase of 85.0 per cent. 
from TL 7.0 billion as of 31 December 2021. As of 31 December 2023, sustainable development goal (SDG) 
linked loans accounted for 90.0 per cent. of the Group’s total loan portfolio.
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s net profit was TL 7,150 million, a 74.2 per cent. increase 
from TL 4,105 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the 
Group’s net profit was TL 4,105 million, an increase from TL 1,097 million for the year ended 31 December 
2021. For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s net interest income was TL 10,709 million, a 55.8 
per cent. increase from TL 6,871 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. For the year ended 31 December 
2022, the Group’s net interest income was TL 6,871 million, a 137.1 per cent. increase from TL 2,898 million 
for the year ended 31 December 2021. The Group’s total operating income was TL 3,935 million in 2021, TL 
8,730 million in 2022 and TL 14,240 million in 2023, while its net period profit from continuing operations 
was TL 1,097 million in 2021, TL 4,105 million in 2022 and TL 7,150 million in 2023.
As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s reported total capital adequacy ratio was 26.0 per cent. and its Tier I 
capital adequacy ratio was 24.8 per cent., both as calculated in accordance with BRSA. As of the same date, the 
Group’s shareholders’ equity was TL 21.8 million, its liquid asset ratio (being the total amount of cash and 
balances with the CBRT, banks, financial assets at fair value through profit and loss, financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at amortised cost divided by the 
Group’s total assets) was 15.3 per cent. The Group’s net operating income was TL 1,359 million in 2021, TL 
4,739 million in 2022 and TL 8,493 million in 2023.
The Bank’s shares have been quoted on the BİST since 1986. As of 31 December 2023, 51.4 per cent. of the 
Bank’s shares were held by the İşbank Group (47.7 per cent. held directly by İşbank with the remainder held 
through its subsidiaries, comprising 1.9 per cent. held by Milli Reasürans, 0.9 per cent. by Anadolu Sigorta, 8.4 
per cent. of the shares were held by Vakıfbank and 40.2 per cent. held by others.
Strengths
The Bank’s management believes that the Group has a number of key strengths that enable it to compete 
effectively in the Turkish banking sector:
Strong Relationships with the World Bank and other DFIs
Since its founding, the Bank has worked in close cooperation with international institutions, such as the World 
Bank (“IBRD”), the European Investment Bank (“EIB”), European Investment Fund (“EIF”), Council of 
Europe Development Bank (“CEB”), Kreditanstalt für Wiederaufbau (“KfW”), Islamic Development Bank 
(“IDB”), French Development Agency (“AFD”), International Finance Corporation (“IFC”), European Bank 
for Reconstruction and Development (“EBRD”), Overseas Private Investment Corporation (“OPIC”), Japan 
Bank for International Cooperation (“JBIC”), the Austrian Development Bank (“OeEB”) and the Asian 
Infrastructure Investment Bank (“AIIB”).
The DFIs have provided the Bank a strong funding base and a sustainable tenor advantage in comparison to 
commercial and other banks operating in Türkiye. The long-lasting relationship of the Bank with these DFIs

--- Page 193 ---
193
and the longer tenor of their loans to the Bank have contributed to the Bank’s ability to obtain, and thus provide, 
stable funding even in the periods of economic instability.
As of 31 December 2023, 63.5 per cent. of the Bank’s long-term funds and 57.0 per cent. of the Bank’s total 
funding, was provided with the benefit of a guarantee by the Turkish Treasury. The World Bank (which, in 
accordance with its constitutional documents, is only entitled to lend to institutions that benefit from a sovereign 
guarantee), EIB, CEB, IDB, JBIC and AIIB provide funding under a guarantee from the Turkish Treasury, the 
Bank also borrows without a state guarantee from the AFD, IFC, OeEB, EBRD and, since 2013, from KfW. As 
of 31 December 2023, the Bank’s funding shares from DFIs were as follows: 44.1 per cent. from the IBRD, 8.2 
per cent. from the EIB, 7.3 per cent, from KfW, 13.8 per cent. from the AIIB, 4.1 per cent. from the CDB, 3.6 
per cent. from the IDB, 4.9 per cent. from the AFD, 1.0 per cent. from the CEB, 6.5 per cent. from the JBIC, 
3.6 per cent. from the IFC, 2.0 per cent. from the EBRD and 1.0 per cent. from OEB. 
In coordination with DFIs, the Bank has financed or is currently financing new projects in a range of different 
areas, including energy efficiency, resource efficiency, renewable energy, logistics, sustainable tourism, export 
support, agribusiness, infrastructure, environment and women’s employment.
In 2021, TSKB obtained U.S. $150 million funding through DFIs, including IBRD in December.
In 2022, TSKB obtained U.S. $654 million funding through DFIs, including AfD and AIIB in December.
In 2023, TSKB obtained U.S. $595 million funding through DFIs, including KfW, OeEB, IDB, JBIC, IBRD.
Relationship with İşbank Provides Access to Significant Expertise
As of 31 December 2023, İşbank Group held 51.4 per cent. (47.7 per cent. directly by İşbank) of the Bank’s 
outstanding shares and it has the power to elect the Bank’s Board of Directors at the General Assembly of 
Shareholders where the Directors can be appointed by the majority of the shareholders pursuant to Turkish 
Commercial Code. While the representatives of İşbank do not interfere with the Bank’s business, the Group 
benefits from its Board members’ significant expertise in developing the Bank’s strategy and business as well 
as in accessing information regarding the Bank’s borrowers or potential borrowers that also work with İşbank, 
which has the largest market share in total deposits, FX-denominated deposits and demand deposits among 
private sector banks as of 31 December 2023 (sources: BRSA and Interbank Card Center).
Strong Capital Structure with Conservative Match-Funding Policy
The Group has a strong capital structure, with shareholders’ equity of TL 21.8 billion, a total capital adequacy 
ratio of 26.0 per cent. and a Tier I capital adequacy ratio of 24.8 per cent. as of 31 December 2023. In line with 
its capital strength, the Group maintains a strong match-funding policy with DFIs. As a result, the Group was 
less affected than many other global financial institutions by the reduction of liquidity and increased cost of 
funding that occurred during the global financial crisis. 
Recognised and Trusted Banking Brand in Türkiye
The Bank’s management believes that the Bank is one of the most widely recognised, respected and trusted 
banks in Türkiye; it has been in business since 1950, weathering Türkiye’s often turbulent financial markets 
and establishing a long-standing focus on prudent risk management and a record of financial stability. The Bank 
was established under the laws of the Republic of Türkiye in 1950 with the support of the World Bank, the 
Turkish government, the CBRT and commercial banks as the first development and investment bank in Türkiye. 
The strength of the Bank’s brand and customer base has enabled the Group to become a Turkish market leader 
in development-related projects as well as a trusted banking partner for customers during periods of financial 
stress.

--- Page 194 ---
194
Diversified Loan Portfolio
By focusing on building a diversified portfolio of loans by types of loans, industry sector and borrower 
concentration, the Group has historically generated strong returns. The Bank increased its loan portfolio in U.S. 
Dollar equivalents from 31 December 2010 to 31 December 2023 at a compound annual growth rate of 3.0 per 
cent. The Group’s strong credit and risk management know-how have supported the growth of its loan portfolio 
and, in the Bank’s management’s opinion, contributed to the healthy diversification of the portfolio.
The Bank’s loan portfolio is composed of project finance loans, corporate marketing and APEX loans. As of 31 
December 2023, 79.7 per cent. of the Bank’s total loan portfolio was comprised of project finance loans, 10.0 
per cent. of corporate marketing loans and 10.3 per cent. of APEX loans. 
The Bank’s loan portfolio is also diversified among sectors, with the largest shares in energy production and 
finance representing 35.6 per cent. and 10.3 per cent., respectively, of the Bank’s loan portfolio as of 31 
December 2023. Within the Bank’s energy production sector, 92 per cent. of the energy production portfolio 
was composed of renewable energy projects as of 31 December 2023 and such projects include biomass, wind, 
geothermal, hydro and solar power plant projects. There are approximately 284 renewable energy projects 
financed in the outstanding loan portfolio. Broken-down by renewable energy project, 12 per cent. comprised 
loans to biomass, 37 per cent. to wind, 19 per cent. to geothermal, 17 per cent. to hydro and 15 per cent. to solar 
power plant projects as of 31 December 2023. The distribution as of 31 December 2022 was 11.0 per cent. to 
biomass, 36.0 per cent. to wind, 19.0 per cent. to geothermal, 23.0 per cent. to hydroelectric power projects and 
11.0 per cent. to solar power plant projects. The distribution as of 31 December 2021 was 9.0 per cent. to 
biomass, 39.0 per cent. to wind, 19.0 per cent. to geothermal, 9.0 per cent. to hydroelectric power projects and 
24.0 per cent. to solar power plant projects. 
In terms of project stage, 97 per cent. of the renewable energy projects financed by the Bank were operational 
as of 31 December 2023 (in terms of power, or megawatts, produced) and 94 per cent. of the renewable energy 
projects financed by the Bank were operational (with respect to their installed capacity measured by megawatts). 
By segment, 100 per cent. of the hydroelectric projects, 100 per cent. of the biomass projects, 96 per cent. of 
the wind projects, 94 per cent. of the geothermal projects and 97 per cent. of the solar power plant projects were 
in operation, respectively. The Bank has financed a total of U.S.$1.1 billion of resource and energy efficiency 
projects as of 31 December 2023.
YEKDEM (Turkish Renewable Energy Resources Support Mechanism) is the Turkish government’s support 
mechanism for electricity generated using renewable energy resources. This mechanism is applicable for ten 
years from the date the project commence operation. The feed-in tariffs are for (i) electricity generation licence 
holders and (ii) unlicenced electricity generators generating electricity from renewable energy resources as well 
as (iii) in relation to other opportunities for renewable energy. For power plants commissioned before 1 July 
2021; feed-in tariffs vary depending on the type of project and are denominated in U.S. dollars. For power 
plants commissioned by 1 July 2021, YEKDEM encompassing new conditions were introduced and this new 
mechanism is denominated in TL. In TL based YEKDEM, prices for each resource have been updated every 
year in January, April, July and October. Each update will depend on domestic PPI (26 per cent.), CPI (26 per 
cent.), USD (24 per cent.) and EURO (24 per cent.) rates. However, the Presidential Decree No. 7189 has been 
published on 1 May 2023, to be effective on the same date, updating the feed-in tariff. Facilities that enter into 
operation between 1 July 2021 and 31 December 2030 shall be subject to such updated feed-in tariff. The feed-
in tariff will be updated monthly within the specified range between YEKDEM Base and YEKDEM Ceiling, 
indexed to U.S. dollars. As of 31 December 2023, 92 per cent. of the Bank’s loans to electricity generation 
projects consisted of renewable energy resources and 88 per cent. of the Bank’s renewable energy portfolio was 
supported by the feed-in tariff mechanism.

--- Page 195 ---
195
The YEKDEM mechanism, by securing a guaranteed sale price for investments, directly assists in hedging the 
Bank’s credit risk position on renewable energy portfolio projects.
Although development and investment banks (such as the Bank) are not subject to credit limits determined by 
the BRSA, the Bank has sought to limit exposure to any single borrower and no exposure to a single borrower 
was greater than 25 per cent. of its equity as of 31 December 2023. The share of the Bank’s receivables from 
the top 10 cash loan customers in the overall cash loan portfolio was 20.2 per cent. as of the same date. The 
Bank’s loan contracts generally contain clauses permitting the Bank to make adjustments in the applicable 
interest rates from time to time, subject to the applicable laws and regulations, thereby further limiting interest 
rate risk. In addition, the investment projects financed by the Bank are secured by strong collateral. As a general 
approach, the type of collateral required by the Bank is proportional to the risk taken.
Prudent Risk Management
Complementing the Bank’s diversified loan portfolio, the Bank’s management believes it has instilled a prudent 
and effective risk management culture at all levels of the Group, beginning with careful customer selection to 
support a quality asset base. The Bank monitors credit quality on an ongoing basis. As the global financial crisis 
impacted Türkiye and the Group’s customers, the Group introduced new risk management tools starting from 
2008 such as a redeveloped internal rating model for corporate loan customers and specialised lending, software 
for market risk management, and software for asset and liability management. The Bank also introduced new 
risk management tools such as applying credit limits to certain industry sectors, such as the energy production 
sector, which have been highly affected by global turmoil, researching potential customers’ relationships and 
credit histories with other banks and becoming more selective in extending new credit lines. During the year 
ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Bank grew its loan portfolio by 62.1 per cent. and 25.6 per cent., 
respectively, in TL terms while its NPL ratio was at 3.0 per cent. and 2.9 per cent., respectively. Whereas the 
Turkish banking sector’s NPL ratios were 1.6 per cent. and 2.1 per cent. respectively (source: BRSA). 
The Bank’s management believes that the Group’s focus on enhanced internal controls and risk management 
systems, as well as its ability to maintain a diverse loan portfolio, will enable the Group to maintain the high 
quality of its loan portfolio in the future as the Group seeks to continue to grow its business.
Independent Process for Appraising Projects
The Bank evaluates projects internally through its Loan Analysis and Engineering Departments along with its 
Loan Allocation and Loan Monitoring Departments. The Bank’s specialised and dedicated Loan Analysis 
Department assesses the cash flow projections, as well as the microeconomic and sectoral risks and 
opportunities, of potential projects that the Bank is considering funding. In addition to financial analysts, the 
Bank has maintained for many years an internal team of engineers with practical experience in chemical, 
electrical, civil and other engineering projects. This team, comprised of engineers who have from 5 to 14 years 
of experience, provides the Bank with a significant advantage over its commercial bank competitors who have 
to seek external experts to analyse the technical plans of projects being contemplated for a project loan. The 
Economic Research Team provide support by way of their sectoral research studies and analysis of new 
investment project themes. On top of this, the Loan Allocation Department has a special team of loan allocation 
officers who have sector-specific knowledge and an average of 10 years of banking experience. This team 
focuses on clarifying the collateral structure, tenor and loan amount in relation to various projects by reviewing 
the assessments provided by the relevant teams in the Loan Analysis and Engineering Departments. After the 
drawdown of the loans is completed, the Loan Monitoring Department continues to monitor the companies and 
the projects in terms of credit risk and collateral structure as well as financial covenants. The Loan Monitoring 
Department also monitors the loan repayments, prepares periodic monitoring reports and sectoral reports and 
implements early warning mechanisms.

--- Page 196 ---
196
Strong Focus on Employee Training and Development; Highly Skilled Workforce
The Bank’s management believes that a key element of the Group’s success has been its emphasis on the quality, 
training and development of its employees and its turnover rate (i.e., voluntary employee resignations excluding 
retirees) is considered to be low (for example, the Group had a turnover rate of 1.9 per cent. during 2023). The 
Group’s dedicated and well-trained employees form a cornerstone of its focus on superior customer service and 
long-standing customer relationships and also provide the Group with a competitive advantage over its 
competitors, particularly in a growing market where there is a high demand for skilled personnel. Historically, 
the Group has sought to maximise the opportunity for career development for its employees, with all positions 
typically filled through internal promotions and appointments. 
Maintain High Standards of Corporate Governance and Business Ethics
The Bank’s management believes that the Group’s internal corporate governance structure reflects the best 
market practices of the Turkish and international banking sectors. The Group has established corporate 
governance principles and complies with applicable laws and regulations for sustainable banking, and the 
Bank’s management perceives execution of such principles as an essential component of responsible banking. 
The Bank’s management believes that compliance with corporate governance principles is important for the 
Bank to create, protect and maintain value for its shareholders. The Bank’s corporate governance structure also 
develops communication channels and platforms in order to reinforce communication with its stakeholders, 
particularly the Group’s customers, employees and shareholders.
The Group established these corporate governance practices to improve management’s efficiency and to further 
protect the interests of the Group’s stakeholders, including its customers and shareholders. The Bank prepares 
a “Corporate Governance Principles Compliance Report” each year, which is a report by the Bank’s Board of 
Directors about the compliance of the Bank’s corporate governance practices with the corporate governance 
principles of the CMB.
Since 2009, the Bank has received its corporate governance rating from SAHA Kurumsal Yönetim ve Kredi 
Derecelendirme A.Ş., a company authorised by the CMB to rate companies’ compliance with corporate 
governance principles. The Bank’s corporate governance rating increased to 9.66 (out of 10) in 2023. Since 
having been first rated and included in the BİST Corporate Governance Index in 2009, the Bank has continued 
to maintain its position as one of the highest rated companies included in the index. 
The Bank’s Regulatory Burden is Lower than that of its Universal Banking Competitors
The Bank’s regulatory burden is significantly lower than that of most of its universal banking competitors since 
the Bank is a development and investment bank, subject to certain different rules and operating in different 
business lines and, most importantly, due to the absence of a retail banking business. The Bank’s lack of a retail 
banking business allows the Bank to use its full lending capacity efficiently while monitoring extended loan 
investments. Additionally, the absence of costs associated with maintaining a retail banking network positively 
affects the Group’s cost base. As noted above, the Bank is also exempt from maintaining reserves with the 
CBRT for its liabilities that are guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury. This lower regulatory burden results in less 
administrative costs for the Bank, thereby allowing it to act more responsively to its clients’ needs.
Strategy 
The Bank’s overall strategic goal is to create value for the inclusive sustainable development of Türkiye through 
the financing and consultancy solutions powered by experience in development and investment banking. It 
intends to achieve this goal by continuing to implement the following key strategies:
Supporting sustainable development
The Bank’s vision is to maintain sustainable growth in Türkiye by adding value to the Turkish economy 
(principally through supporting the private sector with medium and long-term financing), which reflects the

--- Page 197 ---
197
Bank’s goals of being the pioneering bank in Türkiye’s sustainable development and extending resources to 
contribute to the United Nation’s sustainable development goals. The Bank aims to exhibit and deploy more 
assertively its knowledge and potential in all of its core business lines. The Bank is focused on expanding its 
client base and increasing its allocations in line with the needs of the Turkish market which offers sustainable 
growth potential in the mid- and long-term, including financing businesses and new investments that can be 
categorised as sustainable.
The Bank’s principal strategies to achieve this vision include: developing sectoral diversification in its loan 
portfolio, maintaining its access to medium and long-term funding from DFIs with competitive terms and 
conditions, diversifying its funding base through issuances of debt instruments, improving its synergies with its 
subsidiaries (including to increase its fee-generating capabilities) and constantly strengthening its strong human 
resources base (including in its Financial Loan Department and Engineering Department).
Providing entrepreneurs with funding and capital markets brokerage and advisory support
The Bank seeks to support entrepreneurs wishing to tap into capital markets by ensuring the continuity of its 
investment advisory services and by providing corporate customers and major private investors with funding 
and capital markets brokerage services. The Bank finances projects in a broad range of Turkish industries, 
including energy efficiency, resource efficiency, various types of renewable energy, logistics, infrastructure, 
healthcare and education services investments as well as projects targeting social themes such as inclusiveness, 
the empowerment of women and occupational health and safety. The Bank is seeking to diversify the areas of 
growth in line with the needs of its corporate clients and the broader Turkish economy. Although energy 
production loans continue to represent a large share of the Bank’s loan book, corresponding to 35.6 per cent. of 
its total loans as of 31 December 2023, the Bank plans to reorient some of this focus towards other sectors, such 
as infrastructure, resource efficiency, energy efficiency, environmental projects, innovation and PPPs in the 
health and education sectors. In terms of renewable energy, the Bank’s portfolio includes hydro (which has been 
in a declining trend), wind, geothermal, biomass and solar power plant projects and the Bank intends to become 
more diversified by focusing on future wind, geothermal, biomass and solar projects. 
In terms of project finance, the Bank has been involved in projects in a variety of areas, such as energy 
production and electricity and gas distribution. In the Bank’s loan book, the share of investment loans 
represented 79.7 per cent., working capital 10.0 per cent. and APEX loans (which are channelled to leading 
banks and leasing companies, usually to finance SMEs indirectly) 10.3 per cent. of the Bank’s loan portfolio as 
of 31 December 2023. As of the same date, average maturity of these types of loans in the Bank’s portfolio was 
5.9 years, 2.4 years, and 1.3 years, respectively. APEX loans provide the Bank the opportunity as well as the 
flexibility to share its expertise with very small institutions in alignment with its policy mission. The Bank plans 
to continue to be one of the most active and essential market players by supporting entrepreneurs in the years 
ahead. 
Sustaining asset quality and avoiding risky loans
While expanding the loan portfolio, the Bank emphasises the importance of sustaining asset quality and 
avoiding risky loans. In line with this strategy, existing loans are analysed and monitored closely and to date 
the Bank has been successful in maintaining its asset quality. While allocating funds, the Bank also continues 
to adhere strictly to its environmental protection standards (which are a building block of its mission, vision 
and strategy) and its multidisciplinary approach (which incorporates a process of collaborative assessments by 
engineers, financial analysts and economists in various teams such as Risk Management, Loan Allocation and 
Loan Monitoring (while adhering to the relevant confidentiality and “Chinese Wall” requirements)).
Maintaining access to medium and long-term funding from DFIs
Maintaining its access to medium and long-term funding from DFIs with competitive terms and conditions is a 
principal strategy of the Bank, and the Bank works to ensure that its lending practices do not compromise its

--- Page 198 ---
198
funding opportunities with DFIs (for example, the Group avoids lending even non-DFI-sourced funds to certain 
sectors, such as gambling and ammunition, that are not viewed favourably by the DFIs). DFI funding enables 
the Bank to increase its lending capacity in various areas in line with the needs of its corporate clients and the 
agenda for development of the Turkish economy.
While the Bank anticipates that its relationships with DFIs will continue to be its largest source of funding, the 
Bank is seeking to diversify its funding resources e.g., by issuing Eurobonds. Since 2014, the Bank has 
completed seven Eurobond issuances totalling an aggregate amount of U.S.$2.7 billion. Six of these issuances 
were drawdowns under the Programme, the latest of which was in 2023. In order to further the Bank’s 
sustainability agenda, the Bank successfully executed the first Green/Sustainable Bond issuance out of Türkiye 
and EMEA in 2016 and the first Sustainable Tier-II Bond issuance in the international debt markets in 2017.
Boosting the Bank’s fee and commission income
The Bank aims to further concentrate on corporate banking and boost synergies not only with its subsidiaries 
but also among its different business lines, with a principal aim of boosting its fee and commission income. To 
this end, the Group intends to focus further on its advisory services in mergers and acquisitions, assisting 
companies to find financial as well as strategic partners and providing customers with strategic advisory 
services in the form of financial restructuring and feasibility studies. To support this strategy, the Bank 
restructured the capital markets brokerage services that it used to offer directly, but now offers to the Group’s 
retail clients through its subsidiary Yatırım Finansman. As a result of this strategic development, the Bank does 
not have any retail clients as of the date hereof, as its active retail clients have transferred their portfolios to this 
subsidiary. The Bank’s advisory services also include TSKB Sürdürülebilirlik Danışmanlık A.Ş. (“Escarus – 
TSKB Sustainability Consultancy”), which offers services to Turkish financial and non-financial institutions 
to enhance such institutions’ sustainable development. Escarus – TSKB Sustainability Consultancy’s services 
include sustainable advisory services, technical and environmental and social analysis, sustainable finance, 
operational efficiency, management systems and consultancy, and research and analytics.
Continuing to attract and develop talent
The Bank’s well-qualified personnel are a significant factor behind its long-term success and part of its strategy. 
In addition to recruiting experienced professionals for senior positions, the Bank’s strategy is to develop leaders 
from within its own highly qualified employees and to fill positions through internal promotions and 
assignments as much as possible. As a part of this strategy, the Bank continues to recruit new qualified 
graduates.
History and Development
The Bank was established under the laws of the Republic of Türkiye in 1950 with the support of the World 
Bank, the Turkish government, the CBRT and commercial banks as the first private development and 
investment bank of the Republic of Türkiye. The IFC as a development finance institution was one of the largest 
shareholders of the Bank from 1963 to 1979. Initially, the Bank supported the World Bank’s development 
programmes in Türkiye and has since then expanded its cooperation to other DFIs such as the EIB, EIF, CEB, 
KfW, AFD, IFC, JBIC, IDB, EBRD, ICO, OeEB and, most recently, AIIB. The Bank’s ordinary shares have 
been listed on the BİST since 1986.
The Bank is headquartered in İstanbul and (with its Group) provides a range of banking services for corporate 
customers, including corporate banking, investment banking, capital markets operations and advisory services. 
The Bank’s articles of incorporation provide for the following activities:

providing assistance in all sectors of the economy, primarily in the industrial sector, for setting up new 
plants and expanding, modernising and developing the activities of existing plants;

--- Page 199 ---
199

providing assistance in the implementation of projects and activities that will be carried out abroad by 
entrepreneurs directly or as joint ventures;

encouraging and assisting local and foreign capital enterprises in undertaking investments in Türkiye 
and participating in the capital of companies that are already established or will be established in 
Türkiye; and

assisting the development of capital markets in Türkiye and encouraging and promoting the private 
ownership of securities issued by industrial enterprises.
The Bank was established in İstanbul with the Council of Ministers resolution numbered 3/11203 and was 
registered with the İstanbul Chamber of Commerce on 31 May 1950 under registration number 42527. The 
Bank is a development and investment bank under the Banking Law and is duly organised and incorporated 
and validly existing as a joint stock company (anonim şirket) under the Turkish Commercial Code (No. 6102). 
The duration of operation of the Bank as a joint stock company is unlimited.
Business Activities 
The Group provides a range of banking services and presents its group structure under three principal business 
lines: corporate banking, investment banking and advisory services, each as described below:

corporate banking activities: the corporate banking activities include corporate loans, syndicated loans, 
non-cash loans (including letters of guarantee, guarantees and acceptances), foreign trade operations and 
project finance, acquisition finance and working capital finance;

investment banking activities: the investment banking activities include: (a) portfolio management, 
marketable securities brokerage activities, cash flow management, corporate finance, public offerings of 
stocks, advising on privatisations, mergers and acquisitions, purchase and sale of assets, issuance of debt 
instruments and providing strategic advisory services and (b) offering treasury services, such as a fixed 
income business (asset and liability management and bond offering), futures and options brokerage, 
interest rate swaps, currency and cross currency swaps, swaptions and caps, floors, foreign exchange, 
repo transactions and other structured products; and

advisory services: the advisory services consist of strategic financial consultancy (including long-term 
partnership to support strategic expansion by way of valuation, feasibility analysis of projects, financial 
structuring and strategic roadmaps), real estate appraisal and sustainable and environmental consulting 
services (including advising and consulting on environmental and social management systems, climate 
change management, renewable energy, investment monitoring for financial institutions, business plan 
development and monitoring).
For accounting purposes, the Bank reports the Group’s business in its BRSA consolidated financial statements 
under three segments: Corporate Banking, Investment Banking and Others. The Bank’s results make up the 
large majority of the results for these three segments, with the remainder being contributed by the Bank’s 
subsidiaries and associates. The Bank does not consolidate the results of its non-financial subsidiaries and 
associates in the BRSA consolidated financial statements on a line-by-line basis and so these results do not 
appear in the segmental data included therein; however, they are shown under the “Investments in Associates” 
and “Investments in Subsidiaries” items at their book values. For a list of the non-financial subsidiaries and 
associates, see “Business of the Group – Subsidiaries and Other Affiliates – Non Financial Subsidiaries”.

--- Page 200 ---
200
Banking Units
Corporate Banking
The Bank’s Corporate Banking business provides services to companies ranging from large corporates to SMEs. 
The unit consists of two main departments, the Project Finance Department and the Corporate Marketing 
Department. The Corporate Banking business unit’s long-term strategy is to enhance its customer loyalty and 
to broaden its product portfolio in order to diversify revenue sources and to contribute to the Group’s sustainable 
and profitable growth.
A significant portion of the Corporate Banking business involves extending loans to corporate customers. The 
Bank primarily offers the following types of loans to its corporate customers: revolving loans, foreign currency-
denominated loans, letters of guarantee, letters of credit, spot loans, although the main focus of the Bank is 
investment and project finance loans. In addition to its loan products, the Corporate Banking unit, in 
coordination with the Treasury Department, also seeks to provide tailored products that are designed to offset 
customers’ exposures to interest, maturity and currency risks, including through the use of customised 
investment vehicles, forward and futures contracts, swaps and options that take into account the goals, risk 
tolerance levels, cash flows and other unique concerns of the customer.
Project Finance Department
A significant portion of the Bank’s corporate loan portfolio relates to its project finance activities. The Bank 
has played a key role in a number of major project finance deals in Türkiye, including the financing of 
infrastructure and energy deals, privatisations and capital expenditure financing in electricity and gas 
distribution, and port deals and mergers and acquisitions. As of 31 December 2023, the Project Finance 
Department accounted for TL 73.4 billion of loans, 56.0 per cent. of the Bank’s total loans, 92.0 per cent. of 
which was foreign currency-denominated and the remaining 8 per cent. of which was Turkish Lira-
denominated. The Bank selectively extends financing for large private sector investments, privatisations and 
merger and acquisition projects, while remaining committed to its risk-sensitive approach.
The Bank provides project finance with full recourse to project assets and limited or full recourse to the 
sponsors. Only selected transactions adhering to international standards may be financed on a pure non-recourse 
basis. The Bank aims to expand its client base and build-up its portfolio in the short-term for project finance 
projects.
In 2022, Karapınar YEKA GES, which was financed by the Bank, has been awarded to ESG Deal of the Year 
by Project Finance International (PFI). The Bank’s project finance activities also provide the Group with cross-
selling opportunities for its derivative products and other banking services.
Corporate Marketing Department
The Corporate Marketing Department provides a range of corporate banking products and services including, 
but not limited to, corporate loans, leasing, working capital loans, non-cash loans (including letters of guarantee, 
letters of credit and export credit guarantees) and foreign trade finance operations.
The underlying targets of the Bank’s corporate loans are sustainable development and added value to the Bank. 
In this respect, the Bank provides financing for investments focusing on Renewable Energy, Energy & Resource 
Efficiency, Environmental Protection, Sustainable Tourism, Gender Equality, Occupational Health and Safety 
as well as research and development among the other needs of its clients such as maintaining or increasing 
working capital and business development.
The Corporate Marketing Department extends financing to a number of private sector companies ranging from 
SMEs to large corporates, with financing solutions including mainly medium- and long-term loans. The average 
tenor of such loans is four years.

--- Page 201 ---
201
As of 31 December 2023, the Corporate Marketing Department accounted for TL 51.4 billion of loans, (39 per 
cent. of the total loans), of which 47 per cent. was funded by borrowing sourced from DFIs and other sources 
such as treasury operations, bilateral funding, syndications and Eurobonds and the remaining 53 per cent. was 
funded by the Bank’s equity and TL-denominated secured funding.
The total size of non-cash loans supplied by the Bank reached TL 12.2 billion as 31 December 2023, with 
significant portions of this amount represented by letters of credit provided by the Bank.
The Corporate Marketing Department plays a major role providing cross-selling opportunities for its treasury 
products, corporate finance activities, advisory services and the products of the Bank’s subsidiaries.
APEX (Wholesale) Banking. Through the Development Finance Institutions Department and Corporate 
Marketing Department, the Bank remains the leader and model for implementing APEX banking. APEX loans 
allow the Bank to reach SMEs and offer them funds that are secured from international DFIs, particularly from 
the World Bank in the form of both Export Finance Intermediation Loans (“EFIL Loans”) and loans lent 
through Innovative Access to Finance Project (“IA2F”) and also from the CEB, the EIB and KfW. The purpose 
of the EFIL Loans programme is to support companies in their efforts to increase exports and create new job 
opportunities, whereas IA2F’s purpose is to improve access to longer term Islamic finance and factoring for 
SMEs and export oriented enterprises. In December 2016, an agreement for an APEX credit line was signed 
with the CEB and was implemented in cooperation with the Development and Investment Bank of Türkiye for 
the purpose of financing investments in micro, small and medium-sized firms in Türkiye to facilitate 
employment. The APEX funding from the CEB and the EIB is principally used to finance SME loans. In June 
2018, the Bank agreed a new APEX credit line, the Inclusive Access to Finance Project, with the IBRD. The 
purpose of the credit line is the promotion of the participation of women in the workforce and encouraging a 
women-friendly working environment as well as supporting private sector companies operating in regions 
where Syrians under temporary protection reside.
APEX funds received by the Bank are then on-lent to local financial institutions that then make loans for the 
purpose specified by the funding DFI. In this manner, the funds can be raised by the Bank under the guarantee 
of the Turkish Treasury and on-lent to other financial institutions that cannot raise funds that benefit from such 
a guarantee. Applications relating to APEX funding requested from the Bank are made by financial institutions 
through the web-based APEX online system developed by the Bank. Within the scope of APEX banking, the 
Bank has collaborated with 30 participating financial institutions in total, including commercial banks, leasing 
companies, participation banks and factoring companies.
As of 31 December 2023, the total outstanding volume of loans supplied by the Bank through APEX banking 
reached U.S.$13.4 billion, accounting for 10.3 per cent. of the Bank’s total loan portfolio. In 2023, the Bank 
signed five new DFI agreements, totalling approximately U.S.$600 million. These included (i) a EUR 100 
million loan from KfW, guaranteed by the Turkish Ministry of Treasury, (ii) a EUR 25 million loan from OeEB, 
(iii) U.S.$155 million loan from the IBRD, with the guarantee of the Ministry of Treasury and Finance of the 
Republic of Türkiye, to establish the Türkiye Green Fund, (iv) U.S.$100 million financing Agreement with IDB 
Group with the guarantee of the Ministry of Treasury and Finance of the Republic of Türkiye, for sustainable 
reconstruction in Earthquake-Affected regions and (v) a U.S.$200 million loan from JBIC, under the repayment 
guarantee of the Ministry of Treasury and Finance of Republic of Türkiye, within the scope of financing 
renewable energy, energy efficiency, water and waste recycle and energy efficiency projects supported by 
advanced technology investments of the companies affected by the Earthquake-Affected regions. See 
“Strengths – Strong Relationships with the World Bank and other DFIs”. 
Investment Banking
The Bank provides capital markets services and investment banking services through its Treasury and Corporate 
Finance departments and its subsidiary Yatırım Finansman. Such services include managing securities

--- Page 202 ---
202
portfolios, structured risk management and funding solutions and customised corporate finance solutions (such 
as advisory services related to mergers and acquisitions, strategic consultancy, asset purchases and sales advice, 
equity and bond issuances and privatisation activities). The Bank offers these services and products with 
competitive pricing to a number of domestic and international companies. For the year ended 31 December 
2023, the Investment Banking business unit generated TL 301.7 million of fees and commissions, accounting 
for 66.6 per cent. of the Bank’s total fees and commissions (TL 117.2 million and 74.0 per cent., respectively, 
for the year ended 31 December 2022).
Treasury Department
The Bank’s Treasury Department (in coordination with its financial subsidiaries) offers a diverse range of 
treasury products to its corporate and investment banking customers with competitive pricing. These include 
advanced derivative products, such as options, forward contracts, interest rate swaps, cross currency and 
currency swaps, swaptions and caps, floors, as well as more traditional treasury products such as foreign 
exchange, repo transactions and fixed-income securities.
The Turkish Treasury issues bonds both domestically and internationally. Its domestic issuances include zero 
coupon bonds and coupon bonds. Coupon bonds include inflation-linked bonds, fixed coupon bonds, floating 
rate notes and lease certificates. All types of Turkish Treasury issuances can be sold and purchased by the 
Group’s customers without any restriction. Repo and reverse-repo transactions for various maturities are 
executed on an electronic platform in the BİST Debt Securities Market. OTC reverse repo transactions are also 
offered to the Bank’s customers.
In addition to securities transactions made on behalf of its customers, the Group manages its own portfolio of 
securities. As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s total securities portfolio was valued at TL 27.7 billion, as 
compared to TL 24.1 billion and TL 13.2 billion as of 31 December 2022 and 2021.
As of 31 December 2023, the Bank’s securities portfolio was comprised of Turkish Lira-denominated floating 
rate securities (35.9 per cent.), Turkish Lira-denominated zero-coupon and fixed securities (7.8 per cent.) and 
foreign currency-denominated zero-coupon and fixed securities (56.3 per cent.). Moreover, 68.8 per cent. of the 
Bank’s total securities portfolio was classified as “financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income” and 31.2 per cent. of the Bank’s total securities portfolio was classified as “financial assets measured 
at amortised cost” as of 31 December 2023. 
Corporate Finance Department
In its Corporate Finance Department, the Bank operates in the four principal areas described below:

public offerings: benefiting from its extensive experience and vested relationship with relevant parties, 
the Bank contributes to the development of the Turkish capital markets by providing advisory and other 
services in the equity offerings of Turkish companies. The Bank has provided these services since the 
establishment of the predecessor of the BİST;

issuance of debt instruments: the Bank provides a full suite of advisory services in relation to its clients’ 
debt instruments issued through public offerings or private placements to qualified investors;

mergers & acquisitions: the Bank performs buy-side or sell-side advisory services for equity partnership 
opportunities to companies and coordinates the acquisition process within the scope of its mandated 
acquisitions advisory services; and

strategic advisory: the Bank: (a) assists companies that seek to build up their capital and know-how, 
expand into new markets or undertake large-scale investments, (b) advises on the procurement of 
financing for projects and acquisitions, (c) advises buyers and sellers in real estate or asset sales (such

--- Page 203 ---
203
as the sale of electricity distribution asset of a company) and privatisations and (d) performs related 
appraisal, financial restructuring and feasibility studies.
The Bank is also an investor in the Turkish Growth and Innovation Fund, which was initiated in 2015 by EIF 
and sponsored by the Bank along with the Undersecretariat of the Treasury and the Small and Medium 
Enterprises Development Organization of Türkiye (“KOSGEB”). The fund was established to support 
innovative, technology-orientated companies by providing them with access to venture capital which will be 
advised by EIF. The Turkish Growth and Innovation Fund will succeed the İstanbul Venture Capital Initiative 
(“iVCi”) as Türkiye’s next generation of Fund of Funds.
Advisory Services
The Group provides advisory services to its customers, principally in the areas of strategic consulting, real estate 
appraisal and environmental advisory services. A key objective of the Group is to expand the advisory services 
through the Bank’s own operations as well as those of its subsidiaries. The strategic consulting work includes 
undertaking appraisals of companies, brands and licences, providing project valuation and feasibility services, 
financial structuring, sectoral analysis and project finance consultancy services. The Group, principally through 
its subsidiaries, provides real estate appraisal and related services, such as appraisals of machinery and 
equipment and collateral.
Consistent with the Bank’s long history of being in the vanguard of environmental sustainability issues, the 
Group also offers environmental sustainability consultancy. In 2018, the Bank established Escarus – TSKB 
Sustainability Consultancy, to share its technical experience in sustainability with other stakeholders in Türkiye 
and abroad. These services seek to assist the Group’s clients to implement internationally accepted sustainability 
methods through improvements to business management and production processes. The services include, but 
are not limited to, providing assistance relating to evaluations of the environmental and social impact of 
projects, including the impact on climate and natural resources, developing environmental/social and 
sustainability management systems for companies, and also providing technical and other support for renewable 
energy and other sustainability efforts.
The advisory services business generates fees and commissions for the Bank, amounting to TL 301.7 million 
for the year ended 31 December 2023 (TL 117.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022). While not a 
large share of the Group’s revenues, the advisory services business provides many benefits to the Group, 
including strengthening its relationships with clients and supporting the goals of its DFI partners as well as 
supporting its policy mission by way of sharing its expertise.
Subsidiaries and Other Affiliates
Since its establishment in 1950, the Bank has played an important role not only in the Turkish financial sector 
but also in certain industrial sectors in Türkiye. As of 31 December 2023, the Bank had direct equity interests 
in nine companies operating in finance and other sectors. As of 31 December 2023, the total book value of the 
Bank’s investment in subsidiaries and other affiliates was TL 2.9 billion (including non-financial subsidiaries 
and affiliates, such amount was TL 105 million). The Bank does not have any current intention to sell any of 
such holdings.
Financial Subsidiaries and Associates
The Bank has direct and indirect financial services subsidiaries active in the following sectors: brokerage and 
custody, real estate investment trust asset management, venture capital, leasing and factoring. Financial services 
subsidiaries enrich the product and service range that the Bank offers to its customers through its various 
business lines and create cross and complementary product delivery and sales opportunities.

--- Page 204 ---
204
The following table sets forth details of the Bank’s financial subsidiaries and associates as of 31 December 
2023. 
As of 31 December 2023 (except where noted) 
Group Company 
Field of 
Activity
Bank’s Direct
Share
Group’s
Share
Assets
Shareholders’
Equity
Market 
Share(3) 
(TL thousands) 
Yatırım Finansman Menkul Değerler A.Ş.(1) ...........  
Brokerage 
House
95.78% 
98.51% 
5,598,442
637,290
2.28% 
TSKB Gayrimenkul Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş.(1)..........  
REIT
88.74% 
88.74% 
3,366,099 
3,344,980
—
İş Finansal Kiralama A.Ş(2) .....................................  
Leasing
29.46% 
58.19% 
51,557,546 
6,767,900
—
İş Faktoring A.Ş. .....................................................  
Factoring
21.75% 
100.00% 
24,005,377 
3,083,927
11.25% 
İş Girişim Sermayesi Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş. ...........  
Venture 
Capital Inv. 
Trust
16.67% 
56.79% 
2,242,201
2,234,936
—
Yatırım Varlık Kiralama A.Ş.  ................................  
Leasing
100% 
100% 
1,621,851 
674,034
—
Notes: 
(1)
Represents the period ended 31 December 2023 financial statements. 
(2)
Consolidated amounts. 
(3)
For Yatırım Finansman Menkul Değerler A.Ş according to equity trading volume in the year ended 31 December 2023 (Source: Turkish Capital Markets 
Association). For İş Faktoring the market share is as of 30 September 2023. 
Brokerage – Yatırım Finansman Menkul Değerler A.Ş. 
The Bank directly owned 95.78 per cent. of the share capital of Yatırım Finansman as of 31 December 2023. 
Yatırım Finansman commenced operations on 15 October 1976 as the first capital markets corporation of 
Türkiye. Yatırım Finansman’s founders were 13 large banks, led by the Bank and İşbank. Yatırım Finansman’s 
principal capital markets activities are equity-related businesses and asset management, and Yatırım Finansman 
also has the authority to provide investment consultancy, portfolio management and repo services. Yatırım 
Finansman acted as an intermediary for the first private sector bond issuance in Türkiye and provided 
consultancy services to the BİST. Yatırım Finansman moved its head office to the Bank’s head office building 
in Fındıklı, İstanbul, in order to create synergies with the Bank and offer services more efficiently.
According to data provided by the BİST, Yatırım Finansman had a market share of 2.28 per cent. in BİST equity 
transactions for the year ended 31 December 2023 and was 15th among licensed brokerage firms in Türkiye in 
terms of equity trading volume as of 31 December 2023. Yatırım Finansman’s consolidated net sales and net 
profit figures for the year ended 31 December 2023 were TL 12,309 million and TL 282.7 million, respectively 
(TL 3,286.0 million and TL 115.1 million respectively, for the year ended 31 December 2022) while its 
consolidated assets and equity as of 31 December 2023 amounted to TL 5,598.4 million and TL 637.4 million, 
respectively (TL 3,706.0 million and TL 346.2 million, respectively, as of 31 December 2022) with the increase 
in consolidated assets of 51.0 per cent. The volume of assets under Yatırım Finansman’s management increased 
from TL 35,148 million as of 31 December 2022 to TL 55,119 million as of 31 December 2023. In addition, 
Yatırım Finansman was the 33rd largest licensed brokerage firm in Türkiye in terms of its paid-in capital, which 
was TL 63.5 million as of 31 December 2023 (source: Union of Turkish Brokerage Firms).
Real Estate Investment Trust – TSKB Gayrimenkul Yatırım Ortaklıǧı A.Ș.
TSKB REIT, founded in 2006, is a real estate investment trust in which the Bank had a direct equity 
shareholding of 88.74 per cent. and the Group had an 88.74 per cent. share as of 31 December 2023. According 
to the Public Disclosure Platform of the Capital Markets Board of Türkiye, TSKB REIT was the 19th largest 
real estate investment trust in Türkiye as of 31 December 2023, with an asset value of U.S.$114.7 million. The 
real estate portfolio of TSKB REIT, from which the company earns rental income, is comprised mainly of office

--- Page 205 ---
205
space and commercial properties, such as a shopping centre located in İstanbul. TSKB REIT also acquired 50 
per cent. of the Divan Hotel, which is located in central Adana.
Leasing – Yatırım Varlık Kiralama A.Ş.
Yatırım Varlık Kiralama A.Ş. was established on 20 September 2019. The core business of the Company is to 
issue a lease certificate exclusively in accordance with the provisions of the Capital Market Law and the relevant 
Communiqué. The Bank’s share of Yatırım Finansman Menkul Değerler A.Ş. is 100 per cent. The headquarters 
of the company is in İstanbul.
Non-Financial Subsidiaries and Associates
In addition to its subsidiaries and associates in the financial sector, the Bank holds equity stakes in companies 
whose businesses (such as companies engaged in real estate appraisal and sustainability consultancy) are outside 
of its core operations. In the past, the Bank has invested in a number of companies in various sectors as part of 
the promotion and development of Turkish industry and in areas in which its management believes investments 
provide a competitive rate of return. The Bank’s non-financial subsidiaries represented 0.06 per cent. of its total 
assets as of 31 December 2023.
During the year ended 31 December 2023, no dividend income was received from non-financial subsidiaries. 
As of 31 December 2023, TSKB Gayrimenkul Değerleme A.Ş. and TSKB Sürdürülebilirlik Danışmanlığı A.Ş. 
(Escarus – TSKB Sustainability Consultancy) were the significant long-term strategic non-financial subsidiaries 
of the Bank. The non-financial subsidiaries of the Group are not consolidated in the income statement of the 
consolidated BRSA Financial Statements; however, they are shown under the “Investments in Associates” and 
“Investments in Subsidiaries” line items at their book values.
The following table sets forth certain information, as of 31 December 2023, about the non-financial companies 
in which the Bank owns 10 per cent. or more of the outstanding share capital. 
Company 
Sector
Bank’s Direct 
Shareholding
Shares owned 
by the Bank
and the
Bank’s
affiliates
TSKB Gayrimenkul Değerleme A.Ş. .......................................... 
Real Estate
Appraisal 
99.99% 
99.99%
TSKB Sürdürülebilirlik Danışmanlığı A.Ş. ................................ 
Consultancy 
100.00% 
100.00%
Terme Metal Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Ş. ........................................... 
Metal Industry 
17.83% 
18.76%
Ege Tarım Ürünleri ve Lisanslı Depoculuk A.Ş. ........................ 
Warehousing 
10.05% 
20.10%
Information Technology
The Bank’s technology operations and initiatives are managed by its Information Technology Department (IT). 
This department employs IT professionals dedicated to installing, maintaining and operating the Bank’s 
software applications, management information systems and security systems.
There is a continuous effort to implement and operate best practices according to COBIT, which is a leading IT 
governance standard. All operational data and software are stored on Microsoft-based computer systems. The 
Microsoft brand back office product family, including such software as Windows Server, SQL Server, Net 
Framework and Exchange Server, is used for core business areas and Microsoft-based servers have been chosen 
as the strategic growth platform for new emerging lines of business and business process management 
applications.

--- Page 206 ---
206
The Bank uses a third party, Turkcell Superonline data centre located in Ankara, to provide disaster recovery 
solutions for the Bank’s critical systems. All critical data relating to the Bank’s operations and communications 
are continuously backed up and disaster recovery mechanisms are tested regularly. The Bank’s main data centre 
is located in Atlas Data Center on the Asian side of İstanbul. All critical data is backed up simultaneously to 
both data centres and all critical systems are prioritised in terms of servers, storage, networking components 
and data lines.
Lending Policies and Procedures
Credit Approval and Loan Monitoring
The credit approval procedure for corporate customers starts with the evaluation of the project and the credit 
application. Project or credit evaluation is comprised of an analysis of the project’s and/or the company’s: (a) 
economic, (b) technical, (c) financial, (d) managerial and organisational, (e) informational and (f) legal criteria. 
These criteria, which complement each other, form the basis of the loan evaluation reports that are ultimately 
submitted for approval to the Credit Evaluation Committee. The Bank’s Loan Analysis Department and 
Engineering Department lead the process in preparing a loan evaluation report. Intelligence reports are also 
prepared by the Intelligence Unit, which gathers information to be used therein from external sources. The Loan 
Allocation Department then conducts a thorough evaluation of the reports in line with the credit policies of the 
Bank and presents the project and proposed loan conditions to the Credit Evaluation Committee prior to 
submitting an approval to the Board of Directors. If the amount of the proposed loan, together with the amounts 
of any outstanding loans already extended by the Bank to the applicant, does not exceed a total amount of 
U.S.$7 million for a group of companies, and the Credit Evaluation Committee provides its approval 
unanimously, the proposal does not require further action by the Board of Directors for final approval. On the 
other hand, if the amount of the proposed loan, together with the amounts of any outstanding loans already 
extended by the Bank to the applicant, exceeds a total amount of U.S.$7 million for a group of companies, then 
the proposal will be submitted to the Board of Directors for its final approval following a unanimous decision 
of the Credit Evaluation Committee.
The Bank aims to manage the risk profile of its loan portfolio by implementing a detailed monitoring process. 
The companies to which the Bank provides financing, as well as the sectors of such companies, are analysed 
periodically. The purpose of this monitoring is to ensure that sponsored investments are completed in a timely 
manner and that the conditions thereof are satisfactory. Such monitoring enables the Bank to identify and help 
solve any problems that may arise during the implementation and operational stages of projects.
The Bank requires its borrowers to be audited by either an independent audit firm acceptable to the Bank or its 
own accountants in accordance with the Auditing Procedures and Principles and requires such financials to be 
delivered to the Bank annually during the term of the loan. During the investment period, in general, either a 
third party technical advisor prepares a progress report or the Technical Analysis Team of the Bank conducts an 
investment monitoring report to follow up on the progress of the borrower’s investment. During the borrower’s 
operational period, financial covenants and the amount of cash flows in the pledged accounts help the Bank 
monitor the financial performance of the company/project and hedges the default risk with mechanisms such 
as an assignment of receivables and share pledges among other collateral. As common practice, the Bank 
evaluates the financial statements of the companies semi-annually. The Loan Monitoring Department 
periodically prepares monitoring reports for borrowers and their related groups and requests investment 
monitoring reports from the Engineering Department. Additionally, the borrowers are subject to annual rating 
updates based upon their year-end financials and projected results. Annual rating revisions are also conducted 
by the Loan Monitoring Department. Evaluation and monitoring of credit risk in terms of project, client and the 
related group is a continuous process in the Bank. The Credit Revision Committee, which consists of the CEO, 
three board members, two executive vice presidents and related department heads, meet at least once a year to

--- Page 207 ---
207
review the loan portfolio and revise the necessary loan limits. A thorough analysis of debt repayment capability 
of the clients and their groups are conducted with the year-end results in this study and a comprehensive report 
is prepared by the Loan Monitoring and Loan Allocation Departments. 
Furthermore, the Bank is also required by Turkish banking regulations to prepare certain reports, such as those 
documenting the 200 largest loans in its portfolio, which it utilises as part of its internal monitoring process.
In order to detect deteriorating positions in its loan portfolio, the Bank also monitors behavioural indicators on 
a regular basis. Such indicators include information from the CBRT’s Risk Centralisation division regarding 
changes in the financial indebtedness of the borrowers or defaults on their liabilities and commitments (e.g., 
unpaid principal or interest, unpaid checks, protested drafts or bonds and unpaid commissions). All customers 
are monitored monthly for these indicators. The Bank’s management believes that this has been a helpful 
process for both decision-making on new credit assignments to existing customers and for taking actions to 
prevent a borrower default.
Concentration Limits
Although development and investment banks (such as the Bank) are not subject to credit limits determined by 
the BRSA, the Bank has certain internal concentration limitations for its loan portfolio. The Bank’s internal 
regulations differ from the BRSA regulations in certain other ways; for instance, in the Bank’s internal approach, 
borrowers are divided into different limit categories and exposure to borrowers in each category is limited to a 
specific percentage of the Bank’s own funds.
When the Bank’s portfolio contains large credit exposures, whether extended directly or indirectly, to: (a) a 
single company, (b) a group of affiliated companies, (c) a special industry or sector or (d) a foreign country, or 
a group of foreign countries, the Board of Directors imposes limits in order to prevent excessive concentration 
risk.
The Bank’s internal concentration limits are as follows:

total credit exposure to companies that fall within the definition of large credit exposures should not 
exceed eight times the Bank’s capital;

the maximum risk-based credit limit for a single company or group of companies may not exceed 25 per 
cent. of the Bank’s capital;

the maximum credit risk to a specific sector (excluding energy and finance sector) may not exceed 15 
per cent. of the total credit portfolio for the total energy sector 55, energy production industry (power 
generation) 40 and finance sector 25 per cent. of the total credit portfolio (excluding APEX loans) for 
other industries;

the maximum credit risk to a sub sector specific Hydroelectric Power Plants Generation may not exceed 
33 per cent. of the total energy sector portfolio;

the maximum credit risk to a sub sector specific Non-Renewable Power Generation may not exceed 15 
per cent. of the total energy sector portfolio;

the maximum credit risk to upper investment grade countries (for each country) may not exceed 10 per 
cent. of the total credit portfolio;

the maximum credit risk to lower investment grade countries (for each country) may not exceed 3 per 
cent. of the total credit portfolio; and

the maximum limit for loans to related parties may not exceed 25 per cent. of the Bank’s capital (for this 
limit, exposures and the Bank’s capital are monitored on a consolidated basis).

--- Page 208 ---
208
The following table shows the BRSA legal limits for each of the major concentrations as of the date hereof: 
Turkish
legislation
A borrower’s indebtedness/own funds(1) ...................................................................................
25%
A group of borrower’s indebtedness/own funds(1) .....................................................................
25%
The Bank’s own risk group’s indebtedness/own funds(1) ..........................................................
25%
Total of large loans cannot exceed the own funds over(1)(2) .......................................................
800%
Notes: 
(1)
Own funds calculated as the total of Tier I capital and Tier II capital as required by the BRSA in the capital adequacy 
calculation regulation. 
(2)
Large loans are the loans made available to a real or legal person (or risk group) that equals or exceeds 10 per cent. 
of a bank’s own funds. 
Loan Classification and Provisioning Policy
Pursuant to Article 53 of the Banking Law, banks must formulate, implement and regularly review policies 
regarding compensation for losses that have arisen or are likely to arise in connection with loans, and reserve 
an adequate level of provisions against such losses, qualification and classification of loans, receipt of 
guarantees and securities and measurement of their value and reliability. In addition, such policies must address 
issues such as monitoring loans, writing down loans according to TFRS and repaying loans (including 
repayments through restructuring). Banks must also establish and operate systems to perform these functions. 
All special provisions set aside for loans and other receivables in accordance with this article are considered as 
expenditures deductible from the corporate tax base in the year they are set aside. Loans that are written down 
due to becoming uncollectible after special provisions have been set aside will be categorised as bad debts in 
accordance with Article 322 of the Tax Procedure Law (Law No. 213). 
Pursuant to the Provisioning Regulation, from 1 January 2018 banks are required to classify their loans and 
receivables into various groups as set out in more detail in the section entitled “Turkish Regulatory Environment 
– Loan Loss Reserves” in this Base Prospectus.
The Provisioning Regulation includes detailed rules and criteria in relation to concepts of the “reclassification” 
and “restructuring” of loans. See sections entitled “Turkish Regulatory Environment – Loan Loss Reserves” in 
this Base Prospectus.
See also “Turkish Regulatory Environment — Loan Loss Reserves” in this Base Prospectus for further 
information around the application of the Provisioning Regulation.
Portfolio Supervision and Non-Performing Loans (“NPLs”)
The Bank’s Loan Monitoring Department provides monthly reports to the Bank’s senior management detailing 
all aspects of its credit activity, including the number of new problem loans, the status of existing NPLs and 
collections. The Bank’s senior management pays close attention to the timeliness of debt repayments and the 
classified loans and contingent liabilities. Prompt action is taken by the appropriate departments having 
responsibility for supervising and monitoring loan repayments if any principal or accrued interest repayment 
problems arise. Any overall deterioration in the quality of the Group’s loan portfolio or increased exposure 
relating to off-balance sheet contingent liabilities is brought to the attention of the Bank’s Board of Directors 
by such departments.

--- Page 209 ---
209
The determination of whether a repayment problem has arisen is based upon a number of objective and 
subjective criteria, including: changes to the borrower’s turnover in accounts held by the Group, changes to the 
borrower’s economic and financial activity giving rise to the suspicion that a loan is not being used for its 
original purpose, applications to amend the loan terms or repayment schedules, failure of the borrower to fulfil 
the terms and conditions of its loan agreement and refusal of the borrower to co-operate in supplying current 
information.
Where a loan becomes impaired due to a delay in the repayment of its principal or interest by more than 90 
days, the Bank classifies the loan as an NPL and classifies it under Stage 3 as set out in the Turkish regulations. 
Accrued but uncollected interest must be deducted from revenue records. Interest on such loans cannot be 
recorded as income unless collected. Furthermore, restructured loans are transferred to the “Renewed and 
Restructured Loans Account” according to collection performance as defined in the related decree (other loans 
that are not classified as NPLs may also be restructured).
The Bank has generally given priority to the recovery of NPLs through negotiations and initiating legal 
proceedings as opposed to sales, resulting in a history of high recovery rates. The Bank currently prefers to use 
negotiations to work out NPLs rather than resort to legal proceedings, as the latter constitutes a lengthier and 
costlier process. The Bank’s Loan Monitoring Department is in charge of monitoring and negotiating NPLs, as 
well as initiating legal proceedings when necessary. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, negotiations are 
being carried out with a few Stage 2 and Stage 3 companies with an aim to restructure their loans in accordance 
with their cash flows by means of asset and/or share sales. The restructured loans within the total Stage 2 and 
Stage 3 loan portfolio account for 55.4 per cent. as of 31 December 2023, and of which 59.7 per cent. of the 
Stage 3 is restructured as well.
The Group generally does not write-off NPLs, regardless of the amount of time they have been outstanding. 
When a loan is placed on non-performing status, interest income ceases to accrue. An NPL is restored to accrual 
status when all arrears have been paid and it is considered likely that the customer will continue timely 
performance. An NPL may also be restored to accrual status if it is determined that the repayment of principal 
and interest is reasonably assured on collection, such as in the case when all amounts due under a loan are fully 
collateralised by cash or marketable securities and actions have commenced to foreclose on the collateral; 
however, more typically, the Group seeks to collect on NPLs and close its commitments. The following table 
sets forth details of the movements in the Group’s NPL portfolio (Stage 3) as of each of the indicated dates.
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL millions)
Balance at the beginning of the period .............................  
1,689,788
2,081,519
2,333,976
Additions(1) .......................................................................  
591,644
1,001,573
1,983,280
Recoveries(2) .....................................................................  
(199,913)
191,200 
286,856
Portfolio Sale ...................................................................  
—
—
—
Write-off(2) ........................................................................  
—
557,916
84,611
Balance at the end of the period .......................................  
2,081,519
2,333,976
3,946,128
Notes: 
(1)
Including foreign currency effect.

--- Page 210 ---
210
(2)
Excluding portfolio sales. 
As of 31 December 2023, restructured performing loans constituted 5.3 per cent. of the Bank’s total performing 
loan portfolio. The ratio of renewed and restructured NPLs to total NPLs as of 31 December 2021, 2022 and 
2023 was 91.9 per cent., 92.7 per cent. and 59.6 per cent., respectively. The following table sets forth details of 
the Group’s renewed and restructured non-performing loan accounts (Stage 3) as of each of the indicated dates.
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL millions)
Renewed and restructured loan accounts .........................  
1,911,955
2,141,980
2,352,367
Loan Portfolio Quality. The Group’s ratios of non-performing loans to total cash loans were 3.2 per cent., 2.9 
per cent. and 3.0 per cent., respectively, as of 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023. The following table sets forth 
details of the Group’s NPL ratios as of each of the indicated dates.
Following the adoption of TFRS 9, the Bank has not continued its 100 per cent. provisioning policy for NPL 
loans. The Bank assessed each non-performing loan individually and provided provisions on a loan basis.
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Total NPL .........................................................................  
2,081,519
2.326,940
3,939,163
Coverage Ratio(1) ..............................................................  
54.05%
92.00%
78.00%
NPL Ratio ........................................................................  
3.2%
2.9%
3.0%
Note: 
(1)
Total amount of specific provisions divided by NPLs.  
The NPL ratio of the Bank has historically been among the lowest in the Turkish banking sector. As of 31 
December 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Bank’s NPL ratios were 3.0 per cent., 2.9 per cent. and 3.2 per cent., 
respectively, compared to banking sector average NPL ratios of 1.6 per cent., 2.1 per cent. and 3.2 per cent. as 
of the same date, according to the BRSA. 
Restructured ratio of NPLs also reached to 59.7 per cent. in the same period. Any substantial inflow to Stage 2 
loans which account for 10.1 per cent. as of 31 December 2023 is not expected either. The Stage 2 coverage 
ratio has reached 30.2 per cent. in the same period. Moreover, the outstanding free provisions reached TL 1.75 
billion as of 31 December 2023 with additional TL 850 million worth of free provisioning as an additional 
cushion for the unprecedented developments.
The macroeconomic backdrop in Türkiye had also driven a sector-wide increase in NPL levels, due to the effects 
of volatile foreign exchange rates, interest rates and inflation on Turkish corporates. The Group’s management 
expects no material change in the Bank’s NPL status.

--- Page 211 ---
211
NPL Loan Portfolio by Loan Type. The following table sets forth the Bank’s NPLs by loan type as of the dates 
indicated:
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Corporate ..........................................................................  
1,758,765
2,212,295
2,763,287
Other/SMEs/Miscellaneous Receivables .........................  
322,754
121,681
1,175,876
Total .................................................................................  
2,081,519
2,333,976
3,946,128
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s provisions for losses on cash and non- 
cash credit exposure, which form a majority of the general loan loss provisions, as of the dates indicated: 
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Cash .................................................................................  
2,003,396
3,360,719
5,176,809
Non-cash commitments and contingencies ......................  
60,635
47,957
112,766
Others ...............................................................................  
8,011
26,804
28,298
Total .................................................................................  
2,072,042
3,435,480
5,317,873
As of 1 January 2018, with the implementation of IFRS 9 (and, accordingly TFRS 9), the provisions for the 
Group’s NPLs (Stage 3) are calculated via individual assessment, while the provisions for the Group’s 
performing loans (Stage 1 and Stage 2) are determined via an internal rating model. Prior to the implementation 
of IFRS 9, the provisions for Stage 1 and Stage 2 loans were 1 per cent., and 2 per cent., respectively, as 
determined by BRSA regulations. At that time, the Group’s internal policy was to apply a 100 per cent. provision 
for all NPLs.
In accordance with TFRS 9, if the credit risk on a loan has not increased significantly since initial recognition, 
the Bank shall measure the loss allowance for that loan at an amount equal to 12-month expected credit losses 
(Stage 1). However, if there is a significant increase in credit risk of a loan since initial recognition, the Bank 
measures loss allowance regarding such loan at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses (Stage 2).
The Group now calculates the expected credit loss on a collective basis by means of grouping the loans having 
common credit risk features or on an individual basis.
Related Party Transactions
All related party transactions of the Bank are subject to the same approval procedures as those applicable to its 
other customers. In general, the related party transactions of the Bank include loans, marketable securities and 
derivative transactions.
Under the Banking Law, the total amount of loans to be extended by a bank to its risk group must not be more 
than 20 per cent. of its equity. Development and investment banks (such as the Bank) are exempt from BRSA’s 
requirements for exposures to related parties. The Bank closely follows such regulatory requirements and 
internally applies its own set of restrictions in accordance with the Bank’s policies and the covenant report

--- Page 212 ---
212
ratios. As of 31 December 2023, the Bank’s total net exposure to its risk group totalled TL 2.9 million, an 
amount corresponding to 13.4 per cent. of its equity.
In addition, the Banking Law limits the total amount of loans to be made available by banks to their 
shareholders, irrespective of whether they are dominant partners or own qualified shares (excluding those that 
have less than a 1 per cent. share in the capital of a bank), and to persons who have indirect loan relations with 
such shareholders that amount to 50 per cent. or more of their own funds. With a negligible amount of exposure 
to its shareholders and their risk group as of 31 December 2023, the Bank is well within the limits set by the 
BRSA.
Employees and Benefits
As of 31 December 2023, the Bank had 452 employees. The following table sets forth the number of employees 
as of the indicated dates.
Employees
31 December 2021 ....................................................................................................................
408
31 December 2022 ....................................................................................................................
438
31 December 2023 ....................................................................................................................
452
The Bank focuses on ensuring that employees have a suitable level of education for operational effectiveness 
and a career at the Bank. As of 31 December 2023, 0.01 per cent. of the Bank’s employees (excluding service 
staff) had only a secondary or lower school education, 68 per cent. were graduates of universities and 32 per 
cent. had postgraduate degrees. 
Historically, the Bank has sought to maximise the opportunity for career development for its employees, with 
as many positions filled through internal promotions and assignments as possible. The Bank’s personnel 
turnover rate (i.e., voluntary resignations excluding retirements) is very low, amounting to 7.2 per cent., 19.1 
per cent. and 8.6 per cent. in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. As of 31 December 2023, the bankers 
(excluding service staff) had, on average, 6.8 years of experience in the Bank and an average age of 35.5 years.
Employees of the Bank participate in the Bank’s mandatory pension fund, of which every employee of the Bank 
is a member. The Bank and its employees contribute to such pension fund; each employee contributes to the 
pension fund with a certain percentage of his/her monthly salary and the Bank contributes an additional 
percentage for each employee. For pension funds such as this, Law No. 5754, which was published in the 
Official Gazette dated 8 May 2008 and numbered 26870, decrees that payment obligations to the contributors 
of bank pension funds (i.e., those who receive salaries or income from these funds and their rightful 
beneficiaries) will be transferred to the Social Security Institution within three years after the release date of 
this law; however, the authorisation to decide the transfer date to the Social Security Institution has been given 
to the President in accordance with Temporary Article 20 of the Social Insurance and General Health Insurance 
Law (Law No. 5510), which was published in the Official Gazette dated 16 June 2006 and numbered 26200.
Legal Proceedings
In the normal course of its business, the Bank is party to certain legal proceedings, whether as plaintiff or 
defendant, but the Bank’s management does not believe that any such proceedings, individually or taken 
together, are likely to have a material adverse effect on the business of the Group or on the results of its 
operations or financial condition.

--- Page 213 ---
213
Tax Audit
In line with other investigations of foundations established by financial institutions, the Tax Audit Committee 
(Vergi Denetim Kurulu) inspectors conducted an investigation into the payments made both by the Bank and 
its employees to Türkiye Sınai Kalkınma Bankası Mensupları Munzam Sosyal Güvenlik ve Yardımlaşma Vakfı 
(the “TSKB Personnel Supplementary Pension Fund”), which is a foundation established according to 
Turkish Commercial Law and Civil Law. The tax auditors claimed that payments made by the Bank into the 
fund should have been considered as wages for its employees and should have been included in the employees’ 
tax base; therefore, the Bank was subject to taxes and penalties for a total amount of TL 22 million for the years 
2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011, which was fully paid as of 31 July 2014. The Bank’s management believes that the 
Bank’s practice was in compliance with the applicable legislation and that there is no legal basis for the tax 
administration’s assessments. The Bank appealed to the tax courts to cancel these tax notifications and a 
substantial part of such court proceedings has been finalised, with some of the resulting decisions determined 
in favour of the Bank and others determined against the Bank. As a result, a total of TL 16,574 thousand has 
been returned back to the Bank. 
One of the banks that was ordered to pay taxes and penalties by the tax courts in respect of similar proceedings 
to those involving the Bank appealed to the Constitutional Court of Türkiye (“Constitutional Court”). The 
Constitutional Court found in favour of the applicant bank and ordered compensation in respect of the taxes 
and penalties paid by the applicant bank in a decision published in the Official Gazette on 21 February 2015 
and numbered 29274. The Bank’s management believes that the Constitutional Court’s decision is relevant to 
certain of the rulings made against the Bank by the tax courts, and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Bank is therefore considering appealing these rulings to the Constitutional Court for these rulings to be reversed.
Anti-Money Laundering Policies
Türkiye is a member country of the Financial Action Task Force (“FATF”) and has enacted laws and regulations 
to combat money laundering, terrorist financing and other financial crimes. Minimum standards and duties 
include customer identification, record keeping, reporting of suspicious activity, employee training, an audit 
function and designation of a compliance officer. Suspicious transactions must be reported to the Turkish 
Financial Intelligence Unit, Financial Crimes Investigation Board. In Türkiye, all banks and their employees 
are obligated to implement and fulfil certain requirements regarding the treatment of activities that may be 
referred to as money-laundering.
The main provisions of the applicable law include regulation of: (a) client identification, (b) reporting of 
suspicious activity, (c) training, internal audit and control, risk management systems and other measures, (d) 
periodical reporting, (e) information and document disclosure, (f) retention of records and data, (g) data access 
systems to public records, (h) protection of individuals and legal entities and (i) written declaration of beneficial 
owners by transacting customers, among other provisions. Suspicious transactions must be reported to the 
Turkish Financial Intelligence Unit, which is the Financial Crimes Investigation Board.
To ensure that the Bank is not used as an intermediary in money laundering and other criminal activities, an 
anti-money laundering (“AML”) policy aimed at combating the financing of terrorism, which is to be followed 
by all employees, has been approved by the Board (the most recent of such policies having been adopted on 28 
September 2016). This policy has been prepared and issued for the purpose of guiding the practices of the Bank 
pursuant to anti-money laundering legislation and regulations. It describes and outlines the Bank’s know-your-
customer procedures, appointment of the compliance officer, monitoring principles and reporting procedures 
for suspicious transactions, principles related to freezing assets, periodic reporting, retention of data and 
employee training. All of the Bank’s subsidiaries must comply with the Bank’s programmes, policies and 
procedures.

--- Page 214 ---
214
The Bank adopted the Code of Banking Ethics published by the BAT by its Board of Directors’ resolution dated 
16 March 2006 and by its Board of Directors’ resolution dated 24 September 2014 further adopted new forms 
of the Code of Banking Ethics as revised by the BAT on 15 September 2010 and 20 August 2014. The Code of 
Banking Ethics is also applicable to the Board of Directors. Turkish and English versions of the Code of 
Banking Ethics are available on the Bank’s website (http://www.tskb.com.tr/en/investor-relations/corporate-
governance/code-of-banking-ethics-and-policies and http://www.tskb.com.tr/tr/yatirimci-iliskileri/kurumsal-
yonetim/etik-ilkeler-ve-politikalar).
Client Identification
Under Turkish AML regulations, banks must verify the identification documents and other information provided 
by their permanent clients. The Bank’s policy is that, as with other parties covered by these regulations, all 
necessary measures should be taken in order to determine whether a transaction is being carried out for the 
benefit of a third party and, if so, to identify that third party. Moreover, all financial institutions are required by 
these regulations to identify the beneficial owner of an account. It is also compulsory for banks to identify each 
natural person or legal entity that owns more than 25 per cent. of a legal entity.
The Bank’s internal policies and systems prohibit the opening of anonymous accounts or the provision of 
services to entities who fail to provide sufficient identification.
Monitoring Suspicious Transactions
The Bank uses an in-house software system designed to monitor all transactions and to detect any unusual 
transactions and any transactions that exhibit signs of money laundering and terrorism financing. The Bank’s 
Internal Control Department analyses the alerts generated by the software and files suspicious transaction 
reports to the Financial Crimes Investigation Board. Several scenarios have been incorporated into the software 
of the Bank to improve the detection of suspicious transactions. In addition to its in-house software system, the 
Bank utilises an automated system provided by Dow Jones which enables it to monitor and detect suspicious 
transactions on a daily basis. Moreover, all foreign currency transfers are separately monitored on a daily basis. 
The in-house software system also screens the Bank’s customers and transactions according to watch lists of 
individuals, companies or geographic locations issued by authorities including, among others, OFAC, the EU, 
the United Kingdom, France and the United Nations. If any party to a transaction falls within any of the watch 
lists, the system creates an alert, on the basis of which the Bank then decides whether to approve the transaction 
or not. Employees are also encouraged to report suspicious transactions in written form to a compliance officer. 
The Group also has in place an anti-bribery policy.
Compliance with Sanctions Laws
OFAC administers regulations that restrict the ability of U.S. persons to invest in, or otherwise engage in 
business with sanctions targets, including Specially Designated Nationals (“SDNs”) and persons listed on 
OFAC’s “sectoral sanctions” list, and similar rules have been put in place by other U.S. government agencies 
(including the State Department), the EU, the UK, the United Nations and Türkiye. The Bank maintains policies 
and procedures designed to ensure that it complies with all such laws, regulations and orders (including those 
of OFAC and the FATF) regarding doing business with, maintaining accounts for, or handling transactions or 
monetary transfers for such sanctions targets (“Sanctions Targets”).
Before opening an account for, or entering into any transaction with, a customer, the Bank ensures that such 
customer is not listed as a Sanctions Target. In addition, the names of all customers and all incoming and 
outgoing transactions are continuously and automatically screened against the various lists of Sanctions Targets. 
Accordingly, the Bank’s current policies restrict the Bank from engaging in any prohibited business investments 
and transactions with Sanctions Targets, including those in and affiliated with Iran, Russia and Syria.

--- Page 215 ---
215
Credit Ratings
The Bank’s credit ratings from Moody’s as of the date of this Base Prospectus is set out below. A credit rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency.
Moody’s (17 January 2024)
Baseline Credit Assessment (BCA)
caa1
Foreign Currency (issuer)
Long-Term Maturity
B3
Outlook
Positive
Short-Term Maturity
NP
Domestic Currency (issuer)
Long-Term Maturity
B3
Outlook
Positive
Short-Term Maturity
NP

--- Page 216 ---
216
RISK MANAGEMENT
General
The Bank’s management believes that assessment and control of risk is critical to the Group’s success. The 
Bank closely identifies, measures, monitors and manages the risks arising from the Group’s operations. The 
Bank monitors and manages the mismatch of maturities, the size and degree of interest rate and exchange rate 
exposure and its counterparty credit quality in order to minimise the effect of these risks on profitability. The 
Bank’s current system of risk control and risk management has been in place since 2002. The Group’s system 
of risk control and risk management is reviewed and modified as necessary and is integrated into the Group’s 
internal systems for planning, management and control.
The Bank continues to maintain and further develop its risk management system, which has been established 
both to meet its internal risk management needs and to comply with its legal and regulatory requirements, 
including the Basel criteria and the BRSA’s regulations. Risk management personnel are also involved in risk, 
control and compliance analysis processes of the Bank’s new products and services. The process comprises not 
only new but also expanded or modified products and services that may have a significant effect on the Bank’s 
risk profile. During this process, the “Internal Systems” group conducts risk, control and compliance due 
diligence and, throughout the process, Risk Management personnel are responsible for ensuring that all potential 
risks that may affect the Bank’s business strategy and risk profile are analysed and conveyed to the related 
parties.
Internal Systems
The Bank’s “Internal Systems” group comprises the Bank’s Board of Internal Auditors, the Internal Control 
Department and the Risk Management Department. The Internal Systems structure is based upon management’s 
assessment of best market practices both in Türkiye and internationally. All the departments work in accordance 
with the principles and organisational set-up required by Turkish regulations.
The Bank applies sophisticated risk management methods and techniques available in the international banking 
arena. Risk management is a dynamic process, evolving alongside developments in international practices and 
regulations.
The Board of Internal Auditors and the Internal Control and Risk Management Departments report to the Board 
of Directors through the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee comprises of two Board members.
Board of Internal Auditors
The Board of Internal Auditors aims to ensure that the activities of the Bank are fully and efficiently 
implemented in compliance with all applicable laws, statutory regulations, corporate strategies and policies. 
The Board of Internal Auditors also provides assurance to the Board of Directors on the accuracy, reliability, 
completeness and timeliness of all financial and management information.
The scope of the audit process covers all activities and units of the Group. The branch, head office units, 
consolidated subsidiaries, information technology and banking processes are periodically audited in accordance 
with the Bank’s internal audit plan, which is based upon risk-based methodology and approved by the Board of 
Directors. Other than these periodic, risk-based audits, the Bank also performs special audits upon the request 
of the Board of Directors or the Audit Committee.
The audit process includes both the on-site and off-site examination of all material information, accounts, 
records and documents and all other factors that may affect the operations of the Bank.

--- Page 217 ---
217
Internal Control Department
The Internal Control division focuses on the internal control system of the Bank, which is structured within the 
BRSA framework. The Internal Control department controls all branches, the head office operations 
departments that are directly related to the Bank’s main banking activities and all subsidiaries that are subject 
to consolidation.
The Internal Control division aims to examine, monitor, design and co-ordinate the Bank’s internal control 
activities to enable banking activities to be carried out along the objectives, principles and provisions laid down 
by the Bank’s management, and the legislation and regulations in effect, in a secure and efficient manner. 
Controls on compliance with the relevant laws and regulations, controls on assets, limits, approval and 
authorisation, IT controls and controls on financial reporting systems are implemented in accordance with the 
charter of the Internal Control division, with the objective of achieving a strong and efficient internal control 
system in relation to the Bank’s banking operations.
Internal controllers conduct on-site control activities in the Bank’s offices (including information systems 
divisions). On-site controls are supported with centralised computer-assisted control activities.
The duties and responsibilities of the AML Compliance Officer are set out in Türkiye’s Law No. 5549 on 
Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime and other relevant regulations. The activities and controls in 
relation to the prevention of money laundering and the financing of terrorism are executed in compliance with 
applicable legislation, regulation and standards, as well as the Bank’s internal policies. The results of the 
compliance activities are also regularly evaluated by the Audit Committee through the annual reports.
Risk Management Department
The Risk Management Department is responsible for measuring, monitoring, analysing and reporting on both 
financial and non-financial risks. The Risk Management department covers credit risk management, asset 
liability risk management, market risk management, operational risk management and the management of other 
risks. The Risk Management department reports to the Audit Committee regularly and to the Board of Directors 
on a monthly basis.
Treasury Department
The Bank’s Treasury department is responsible for managing and implementing the Bank’s asset and liability 
positions on a day-to-day basis with a special emphasis on Turkish Lira and foreign currency liquidity, ensuring 
the availability of funds for all products and services provided by the Bank.
The Treasury department’s activities are held in the domestic and international money, currency and capital 
markets. The Treasury department also has the responsibility of determining and publishing the fund transfer 
pricing (“FTP”) of the Bank on a daily basis.
The Treasury department consists of three units concentrating on different activities: (a) the Asset Liability 
Management (ALM) Unit, (b) the Derivatives Transactions and Treasury Sales Unit, and (c) the Trading Unit. 
All treasury transactions are required to comply with the Bank’s treasury policies as established by the Bank’s 
Board of Directors. Treasury transactions are controlled and reported by the Treasury Control Unit, which 
includes a member who is also within the Budget Control Department.
The Treasury department’s activities include, among others, the following:
(a)
managing the Bank’s liquidity position;
(b)
managing the Bank’s Turkish Lira- and foreign currency-denominated fixed income portfolio;
(c)
daily trading in order to enable the Bank to benefit from any advantageous market opportunities;

--- Page 218 ---
218
(d)
managing the Bank’s net foreign currency position, ensuring that it remains within the limits set by the 
Turkish banking authorities and the risk appetite of the Bank as set by its Board of Directors;
(e)
managing the composition of any long or short foreign currency position;
(f)
determining the Bank’s Turkish Lira/foreign currency rates, which are used in pricing Turkish 
Lira/foreign currency transactions for clients;
(g)
pricing money market transactions and the determination and publishing of the FTP of Turkish Lira and 
foreign currency-denominated loans;
(h)
utilising derivative instruments, such as currency and interest rates swaps and forward, futures and 
options transactions, for hedging the Bank’s portfolio and other general hedging purposes; and
(i)
developing new products according to changing market conditions and institutional client needs.
Asset and Liability Management
The main responsibility of the Treasury Department is to manage the Bank’s assets and liabilities in accordance 
with the strategies set by the Asset and Liability Committee (“ALCO”). ALCO is responsible for forming and 
overseeing the implementation of the asset and liability management strategy of the Bank and its objective is 
to structure the Bank’s balance sheet in view of liquidity needs and market risk (including interest rate, maturity 
and exchange rate risks), while ensuring that the Bank has adequate capital and is using its capital to maximise 
net interest income. ALCO generally meets monthly, or more frequently if necessary, to review the Bank’s risk 
exposure, set the Bank’s policy for risk exposure (arising from its positions in respect of loans and investment 
securities in terms of market risk, together with risks arising from inflation rates, the Bank’s liquidity position, 
the Bank’s capital adequacy and the macro-economic environment including domestic and international 
political and economic events), determine the Bank’s strategies for interest rate levels and maturities and the 
pricing of loans. ALCO also supervises the implementation process relating to these decisions.
ALCO is chaired by the Bank’s Chief Executive Officer and also includes the Executive Vice Presidents in 
charge of the treasury, financial institutions and investor relations, development finance institutions, corporate 
banking, project finance, financial control, budget planning. The other members of the committee are heads of 
departments who are responsible for treasury, financial institutions and investor relations, development finance 
institutions, corporate banking, project finance, budget planning, risk management, and chief economist.
Considering the Bank’s strategy and the competitive environment, ALCO takes decisions to be implemented 
by the appropriate departments of the Bank for the optimal management of the Bank’s balance sheet and cash 
flows, and then monitors the actual results.
Composition of the Group’s main assets and liabilities
The Group’s main assets comprise loans, cash and securities. As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s total assets 
increased to TL 180,913,852 from TL 117,621,660 million as of 31 December 2022. The following table sets 
forth details of the composition of the Group’s main assets and liabilities by currency as of the indicated dates:
As of 31 December 
2021 
2022 
2023 
(TL) 
(Foreign 
Currency)
(TL) 
(Foreign 
Currency)
(TL) 
(Foreign 
Currency)
Assets 
Cash and Banks ....................................  
11.52% 
5.55% 
24.08% 
4.65% 
18.83% 
5.69% 
Loans(1) .................................................  
35.10% 
83.25% 
34.00% 
78.97% 
42.34% 
81.57%

--- Page 219 ---
219
As of 31 December 
2021 
2022 
2023 
(TL) 
(Foreign 
Currency)
(TL) 
(Foreign 
Currency)
(TL) 
(Foreign 
Currency)
Securities Portfolio ...............................  
37.80% 
10.60% 
36.00% 
16.14% 
28.75% 
12.41% 
Others ...................................................  
15.58% 
0.60% 
5.92% 
0.25% 
10.08% 
0.33% 
Total Assets ..........................................  
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
Liabilities 
Funds Borrowed(2) ................................  
21.72% 
97.17% 
10.05% 
96.47% 
12.29% 
97.06% 
Others ...................................................  
78.28% 
2.83% 
89.95% 
3.53% 
87.71% 
2.94% 
Total Liabilities ...................................  
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
Notes: 
(1)
Foreign currency index loans are represented in the foreign currency column. 
(2)
Including interbank and repo funds and issued bonds. 
The following table sets forth the composition of the Group’s main assets and liabilities by maturity as of 31 
December 2023:
Less than or 
equal to one 
month
Greater than
one month
and less than
or equal to 
three months
Greater than
three months
and less than
or equal to 12 
months
Greater than
12 months
Undistributed
Total
(TL thousands) 
Assets 
Cash and Banks ......................................................  
15,330,010
114,559
183,901
  — 
 — 
15,628,470
Loans ......................................................................  
1,466,896 
162,054
4,935,184
23,243,502 
1,196,869
31,004,505
Securities Portfolio .................................................  
6,287,030 
12,522,271
27,791,589
81,988,601 
— 
128,589,491
Other………………………………………………..
1,169,174
— 
— 
1,024,832
3,497,380
5,691,386
Total Assets ...........................................................  
24,253,110
12,798,884 
32,910,674 
106,256,935 
4,694,249 
180,913,852
Liabilities 
Funds Borrowed(1) ...................................................  
5,207,934 
5,120,982
20,629,783
119,811,831
— 
150,770,530 
Others .....................................................................  
678,499 
308,564
278,889
108,008 
28,769,362 
30,143,322 
Total Liabilities .....................................................  
5,886,433
5,429,546 
20,908,672 
119,919,839 
28,769,362 
180,913,852
Note: 
(1)
Including debt securities, interbank and repo funds. 
As part of its internal asset and liability management policy, the Bank seeks to structure its securities and loan 
portfolios such that the borrowing side matches the lending side in terms of total Turkish Lira/foreign currency 
exposures or fixed rate/floating rate exposures in order to minimise risk. The Bank also utilises derivative 
transactions in order to hedge itself against interest rate risk and foreign currency risk, as well as liquidity risk.

--- Page 220 ---
220
Market risk
Market risk is defined as the risk of loss in the trading portfolio of the Bank arising from movements in market 
prices, such as interest rates, equity prices, foreign exchange rates and credit spreads that may affect the Bank’s 
assets, income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management 
is to monitor and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return on 
risk.
The level of market risk to which the Bank is subject can be measured by either the “Standard Method” or the 
“Value at Risk Method”. The “Standard Method” is used for legal requirements and the “Value at Risk Method” 
is used for internal reporting purposes. The “Value at Risk Method” is highly consistent with local Turkish 
regulations as adopted from internationally accepted practices, but the Bank uses the “Standard Method” due 
to legal reporting requirements.
Using the Standard Method, market risk measurements are carried out on a monthly basis. The results of these 
measurements are included in the Bank’s public regulatory reports as well as in internal reports, which are 
addressed to the Bank’s Board of Directors and senior management.
The Value at Risk (“VaR”) Method is used to measure market risk in terms of interest rate risk, exchange rate 
risk, equity risk and volatility risk on a daily basis and is a part of the Bank’s daily internal reporting procedure. 
Back-testing is carried out to determine the reliability of the daily market risk measurements under the VaR 
Method.
The total VaR amount was calculated as TL 1.6 million (0.01 per cent. of the Bank’s equity) as of 31 December 
2022 and TL 10.7 million (0.04 per cent. of the Bank’s equity) as of 31 December 2023.
In order to support the VaR model that measures the loss that may occur under ordinary market conditions, 
analyses are developed and performed based upon generally accepted scenarios. The potential impact of these 
scenarios on the value of the Bank’s trading book is determined and the results are reported to the Bank’s Board 
of Directors and senior management.
The ALCO, comprising members of senior management of the Bank, manages market risk by monthly meetings 
based upon reports prepared by the risk management and related executive departments. For the purpose of 
hedging market risk, the Bank primarily aims to balance the foreign currency position, match the interest and 
duration structure of its assets and liabilities, and keep a sufficient level of liquid assets. The limits, which are 
established for managing market risk within the framework of the Bank’s asset and liability management risk 
policy, are monitored by the Audit Committee and reviewed in accordance with current market conditions.
Interest Rate Risk
A significant component of the Bank’s asset and liability management risk policy is the management of interest 
rate risk. Interest rate risk is the possibility of loss in relation to the structural position arising from adverse 
movements in interest rates. The Bank is exposed to interest rate risk due to mismatches in the maturity or re-
pricing characteristics of interest earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. For any given period, the pricing 
structure is matched when an equal amount of such assets or liabilities mature or re-price in that period. Any 
mismatch of interest earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities is known as a gap position. A positive gap 
denotes asset sensitivity and normally means that an increase in interest rates would have a positive effect on 
net interest income, while a decrease in interest rates would have a negative effect on net interest income.
The potential effects of interest rate risk on the Bank’s assets and liabilities, market developments, general 
economic environment and expectations are regularly addressed in ALCO meetings where further measures to 
reduce risk are implemented when necessary.

--- Page 221 ---
221
While interest rate risk in trading book is managed through the VaR method, interest rate risk in the banking 
book is monitored and controlled by the limit established on the ratio of structural interest rate risk to regulatory 
capital. Structural interest rate risk is quantified by calculating the change in the Bank’s economic value of 
equity under standardised interest rate shocks (i.e. plus 2 per cent. for foreign currency and 5 per cent. for local 
currency). The interest rate risk limits determined by the Board of Directors are monitored by the Risk 
Committee in accordance with the Bank’s asset and liability management policy. Furthermore, scenario 
analyses that are developed based upon future predictions are conducted for managing interest rate risk.
The following table sets forth the Group’s “re-pricing” gap, which is the difference between the interest rate 
sensitivity of assets and the interest rate sensitivity of liabilities, as of 31 December 2023:
Less than or 
equal to one 
month
Greater
than one
month and 
less than or
equal to
three
months
Greater
than three
months and
less than or
equal to 12
months
Greater
than 12
months
No Interest
Total
(TL Thousands) 
Cash balances and balances with the Central 
Bank.............................................................. 
—
—
—
—
2,942,825
2,942,825
Balances with banks ...................................... 
4,486,143 
60,572
 —
 —
714,542 
5,261,257 
Trading securities .......................................... 
1,462,194 
22,819
54,469
396,226 
408,347 
2,344,055 
Interbank funds sold ...................................... 
7,125,928 
114,559
183,901
 —
—
7,424,388 
Securities available for sale loans ................. 
1,607,642 
38,106
1,529,624
5,673,980
916,986 
9,766,338 
Loans(1) ......................................................... 
60,742,033 
16,627,330
28,650,600
22,569,528 
—
128,589,491 
Held-to-maturity investments ........................ 
8,392,539 
—
—
10,501,573 
—
18,894,112 
Other assets ................................................... 
 —
 —
—
 —
 —
5,691,386 
Total assets .................................................. 
83,816,479
16,863,386
30,418,594
39,141,307
10,674,086
180,913,852
Interbank funds borrowed ............................. 
3,101,899 
625,981
 —
 —
 —
3,727,880 
Miscellaneous payables ................................. 
 —
 —
—
 —
2,201,367
2,201,367 
Debt securities issued .................................... 
737,516 
518,664
639,421
30,744,818 
1,508,031
34,148,450 
Funds borrowed from other financial 
institutions .................................................... 
66,357,642 
12,873,858
21,187,698
12,475,002 
 —
112,894,200 
Other liabilities ............................................. 
968,100 
27,441
101,978
221,482 
26,622,954 
27,941,955 
Total liabilities ............................................. 
71,165,157
14,045,944
21,929,097
43,441,302
30,332,352
180,913,852
Asset/liability gap ......................................... 
12,651,322 
2,817,442
8,489,497
8,865,833
 —
32,824,094 
Off-balance sheet gap.................................... 
 —
—
 —
 (13,165,828)
 (19,658,266)
 (32,824,094)
Total gap ...................................................... 
12,651,322
2,817,442
8,489,497
(4,299,995)
(19,658,266)
—
Note: 
(1)
Includes factoring receivables. 
Liquidity risk
In general, liquidity risk is the risk that an entity will be unable to meet its net funding requirements. Liquidity 
risk can be caused by market disruptions or credit downgrades, which may cause certain sources of funding to 
become unavailable. Liquidity risk is a substantial risk in Turkish markets, which have historically exhibited 
significant volatility.

--- Page 222 ---
222
The Bank’s principal sources of funding are loans from multilaterals and other lenders. The average maturity 
of the corporate loans made by the Bank is shorter (approximately 5 years) than the average maturity of the 
funding that the Bank receives from multilaterals (approximately 11 years). As a result of the Bank’s long-term, 
wholesale funding base, the Bank’s liquidity gap is usually negative for its obligations with a maturity period 
of one to seven days due to its short-term repo transactions. Thereafter, the liquidity gap generally becomes 
positive due to the Bank’s securities portfolio and loan instalments. For the Bank’s obligations with a maturity 
period of more than nine years, the liquidity gap turns negative due to the long-term funding nature of the 
Bank’s funding.
In order to meet the liquidity requirements that may emerge from market fluctuations, considerable attention is 
paid to the need to preserve liquidity and efforts in this respect are supported by projections of Turkish Lira and 
foreign currency cash flows. Based upon cash flow projections, prices are differentiated for different maturities 
and measures are taken accordingly to meet liquidity requirements. Moreover, potential alternative sources of 
liquidity are determined where required for extraordinary circumstances. Foreign currency, total liquidity 
adequacy and liquidity coverage ratios, which are subject to legal reporting requirements, are also used to 
monitor liquidity on an ongoing basis.
Within the framework of the Bank’s asset and liability management risk policy, internal limits established for 
liquidity risk management are monitored by the Audit Committee and, in the case of extraordinary situations 
where prompt action is required to be taken due to unfavourable market conditions, emergency measures and 
funding plans related to liquidity risk are put into effect.
The major objectives of the Bank’s asset and liability management risk policy are to ensure that sufficient 
liquidity is available to meet its commitments to its clients, to satisfy the Bank’s other liquidity needs and to 
ensure compliance with the capital adequacy and other applicable CBRT regulations. Liquidity risk arises in 
the general funding of the Bank’s financing and trading activities and in the management of investment 
positions. It includes the risk of increases in funding costs and the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in 
a timely manner at a reasonable price.
As of 31 December 2023, 83.34 per cent. of the Group’s borrowings were denominated in Turkish Lira. The 
funds supplied from DFIs and funding sources including syndicated loans, Eurobond issuances, bilateral loans, 
and treasury funding opportunities are denominated in foreign currencies (principally U.S. Dollars and Euro). 
Such funds are also provided by the Bank to its borrowers as foreign currency-denominated loans. Thus, only 
a very moderate foreign exchange mismatch for loans exists. In general, the foreign exchange short position of 
the Bank is either at low levels or the Bank has a foreign exchange long position.
The following table sets forth the original maturity profile of the Group’s funds borrowed (including accrued 
interest that may be payable thereon) as of each of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
No term ...........................................................................  
—
—
—
Turkish Lira–denominated ...............................................  
—
—
—
Foreign currency–denominated ........................................  
—
—
—
Up to three months .........................................................  
1,426,481
4,163,819
4,861,656
Turkish Lira–denominated ...............................................  
—
-
—
Foreign currency–denominated ........................................  
1,426,481
4,163,819
4,861,656

--- Page 223 ---
223
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
Greater than three months and less than or equal to 
12 months ........................................................................  
8,518,975
9,554,139
19,990,363
Turkish Lira–denominated ...............................................  
—
—
—
Foreign currency–denominated ........................................  
8,518,975
9,554,139
19,990,363
Over 12 months ..............................................................  
44,328,584
60,925,254
88,042,181
Turkish Lira–denominated ...............................................  
89,213
—
—
Foreign currency–denominated ........................................  
44,239,371
60,925,254
88,042,181
Total Funds Borrowed ...................................................  
54,274,040
74,643,212
112,894,200
Turkish Lira–denominated ...............................................  
89,213
—
—
Foreign currency–denominated ........................................  
54,184,827
74,643,212
112,894,200
Currency Risk
The Group is exposed to the effects of fluctuations in the prevailing foreign currency exchange rates on its 
financial position and cash flows. Foreign currency risk indicates the possibility of the potential losses that a 
bank is subject to due to the exchange rate movements in the market.
The Bank effectively hedges its foreign currency risk and holds foreign currency asset and liability items 
together with derivatives in balance against the foreign currency risk.
ALCO meets regularly to manage exchange rate and parity risks in accordance with the Bank’s asset and 
liability management risk policy. The Bank manages foreign currency risk through monthly ALCO meetings 
by evaluating the positions taken by the Bank’s Treasury Department.
The general net foreign currency positions of Turkish banks are also regulated by the BRSA and this figure, in 
absolute terms, cannot exceed 5 per cent. of the relevant bank’s shareholder equity.
Both the Standard Method and VaR Method are used in order to measure currency risk. Using the Standard 
Method, currency risk measurements are carried out on a monthly basis and the results are used for calculating 
the regulatory capital requirement of the Bank. Risk measurements within the context of the VaR Method are 
performed on a daily basis using historical and Monte Carlo simulation methods. Furthermore, scenario 
analyses are conducted to support the VaR calculations.
The results of these currency risk measurements are reported to senior management and the risks are closely 
monitored by taking into account current market and economic conditions.
A 10 per cent. weakening of the Turkish Lira against foreign currencies as of 31 December 2023, 2022 and 
2021 would have changed profit or loss by the amounts shown in the table below. This analysis assumes that 
all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant. 
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
U.S.$ ................................................................................  
61,596
121,430
3,752

--- Page 224 ---
224
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(TL thousands)
Euro ..................................................................................  
62,224
145,726
105,213
Other currencies ...............................................................  
142
588
734
Total .................................................................................  
123,962
267,744
109,699
Credit Risk
In general, credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will fail to discharge an obligation and 
cause the other party to incur a financial loss. The Bank places emphasis mainly on the payment ability and 
cash generating ability of the borrower in any given transaction, and also obtains sufficient collateral from 
borrowers including, wherever possible, cash collateral, mortgages or security over other assets. The Bank seeks 
to manage its credit risk exposure through the diversification of its lending activities to avoid undue 
concentration of risks with individuals or groups of clients in specific locations or businesses. Development 
and investment banks (such as the Bank) are not subject to the credit limits imposed by the BRSA; however, 
the Bank’s Board of Directors has approved certain principles and internal credit limits. As well as an internal 
rating system developed in-house by the Bank. The Bank has implemented centralised credit approval processes 
and loan proposals are evaluated and monitored by the relevant authorised departments (see “Business of the 
Group – Lending Policies and Procedures” above).
Credit risk arising from treasury transactions is monitored on each business day. Exposure from over-the-
counter derivative transactions is subject to daily margin call on counterparty basis under the relevant credit 
support annex agreements. All of the credit risk arising from over-the-counter derivative transactions is 
collateralised with cash.
Operational Risk
Operational risk is the risk of loss arising from faults or deficiencies in the regular operations of a bank, 
including problems with systems, hardware, technology and communication infrastructures, national disasters, 
terrorist attacks or earthquakes, as well as with respect to personnel responsibilities for monitoring, controlling, 
reporting, taking action and being diligent.
The Bank uses the “Basic Indicator Approach” to assess capital for operational risk. Banks using the “Basic 
Indicator Approach” are required to hold capital for operational risk equal to a fixed percentage (i.e., 15 per 
cent.) of the average of the previous three years’ positive annual gross income (which is defined as net interest 
income plus net non-interest income). Figures for any year in which the annual gross income is negative or zero 
are excluded from both the numerator and denominator when calculating the average. The maximum internal 
limit for operational risk capital is 10 per cent. of the Bank’s total risk-weighted assets. If the limit exceeds 8 
per cent., then it is immediately reported to the Bank’s senior management with the early warning procedure.
Risks identified as a result of operational risk assessments are reported to the Audit Committee and Board of 
Directors. In terms of quantitative techniques, the Risk Management department employs a range of diagnostic 
tools, such as key risk indicators, together with data analysis. Operational error records are used for this purpose.
Risks derived from information technologies are primarily assessed within the scope of the Bank’s operational 
risk management analysis. It is essential that those risks, which could be seen as multipliers of other risks 
derived from activities of the Bank, are measured, closely monitored and controlled within the framework of 
the Bank’s integrated risk management.

--- Page 225 ---
225
Subsidiaries’ Risk Management
The Bank has a group-wide risk policy set by the Bank’s Board of Directors. The Risk Management department 
monitors both internal and legal risk limits and other risks relating to subsidiaries falling within the scope of 
the group-wide risk policy. In addition to this, the Bank’s subsidiaries also have their own internal, sector-
specific risk policies, limits and procedures. The Bank’s Risk Management department reports to the Audit 
Committee every three months in order for the Audit Committee to evaluate the Group’s risk level on a 
consolidated basis.
Liquidity and Funding
Funding for the Bank primarily comes from DFIs, Eurobonds, syndicated loans, subordinated debt, bilateral 
loans, repo and money market transactions. Borrowings are the Bank’s main source of both Turkish Lira and 
foreign currency funding, with a 94.9 per cent. share in total liabilities (excluding shareholders’ equity) as of 
31 December 2023, amounting to TL 147.6 billion. 
In terms of Turkish Lira, the primary funding sources currently available for the Bank are the repo and reverse 
repo market of the BİST, the over-the-counter interbank money market, the interbank money market of the 
CBRT, collateralised loans and bill and bond issues. In June 2010, the Bank’s Board of Directors authorised the 
issuance of discounted bonds with a value of up to TL 0.2 billion. In August 2010, the Bank issued zero-coupon 
bonds with a total value of TL 200 million, but while the Bank still has the capacity to tap the Turkish Lira 
market in case of a need for local funding, the Bank has not since issued further bonds in the Turkish Lira 
market.
As a last resort, the Bank also has the capacity to borrow funds through the CBRT. The Bank’s limits for this 
kind of transaction are determined by the CBRT, generally carries a maturity of up to one month and is available 
at short notice. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank continued to have significant headroom under 
the limit set by the CBRT. The Bank also has the ability to benefit from its securities portfolio for repo 
transactions to generate extra liquidity when necessary.
The Bank has been accessing the international markets for syndicated loan facilities since 2005. As of 31 
December 2023, the balance of the outstanding syndicated term loan facilities obtained by the Bank was 
approximately U.S.$123 million. The Bank also accessed the international debt capital markets for the first time 
in October 2014 when it issued notes for an amount of U.S.$350 million due to mature in October 2019, 
followed by another issuance of notes in April 2015 for an amount of U.S.$350 million due to mature in 2020. 
In May 2016, the Bank issued the first green/sustainable bond in Türkiye and the wider CEEMEA region for 
an amount of U.S.$300 million due to mature in 2021. The proceeds from the issuance of the green/sustainable 
bond were fully disbursed by the end of 2016. In March 2017, the Bank issued the world’s first ever sustainable 
Tier II Bond for an amount of U.S.$300 million. The Tier II Bond has a ten-year maturity with an issuer call 
option after five years. The Bank has realised the call option on March 29, 2022. In January 2018, and 2020 the 
Bank issued notes for the amounts of U.S.$350 million and U.S.$400 million respectively under the GMTN 
programme due to mature in 2023 and 2025 respectively. In January 2021, the Bank issued its third Sustainable 
Eurobond for an amount of U.S.$350 million under the GMTN programme due to mature in 2026. In September 
2023, the Bank issued its fourth Sustainable Eurobond for an amount of U.S.$300 million under the GMTN 
programme due to mature in 2028.
In addition to the above, the Bank has entered into various transactions with DFIs, export credit agencies and 
other lenders, principally for project financing and the financing of small- to medium- size enterprises in the 
renewable energy sector, resource and energy efficiency projects and certain import related projects as well as 
working capital loans (see “Business of the Group - Strong Relationships with the World Bank and other DFIs”).
The following tables show the Group’s sources of funding as of the indicated dates and their respective changes 
period over period.

--- Page 226 ---
226
As of 31 December 
% Change
2021
% Change
2022
%
Change
2023
(TL thousands except where in percentages) 
Repos & Money Market ................... 
1.5% 
1,411,219 
75.18% 
2,472,123 
50.8% 
3,727,880
Funds Borrowed(1) ............................ 
68.4% 58,303,244 
28.03% 
74,643,212 
51.2% 
75,371,460
Securities Issued ............................... 
86.8% 15,807,433 
36.35% 
21,553,457 
58.4%  34,148,450 
Other ................................................. 
95.4% 
3,548,873 
67.95% 
5,960,412 
(0.2)%
 5,871,726
Equity ............................................... 
14.5% 
7,021,766 
85.03% 
12,992,456 
68.0% 
21,825,052 
Total ................................................. 
64.2% 86,092,535 
36.62% 
117,621,660 
53.8% 180,913,852
Note: 
(1)
Including subordinated loans. 
As of 31 December
2021
2022
2023
(%) of Total
Repos & Money Market ...................................................  
1.6%
2.10%
2.1%
Funds Borrowed(1) ............................................................  
67.7%
63.46%
62.4%
Securities Issued ...............................................................  
18.4%
18.32%
18.9%
Other ................................................................................  
4.1%
5.07%
5.1%
Equity ...............................................................................  
8.2%
11.05%
12.1%
Total .................................................................................  
100%
100%
100%
Note: 
(1)
Including subordinated loans. 
Capital Adequacy
The Bank is required to comply with capital adequacy guidelines promulgated by the BRSA, which are based 
upon the standards established by the Bank for International Settlements. These guidelines require banks to 
maintain adequate levels of regulatory capital against risk-bearing assets and off-balance sheet exposures 
(commitment and contingencies).
Within the context of the implementation of the Basel III framework in Türkiye, the calculations regarding 
capital adequacy for periods from 1 January 2014 are performed in accordance with the 2013 Equity Regulation 
and other regulations newly enacted and/or amended by the BRSA. In accordance with these guidelines, the 
Bank must maintain a total capital ratio in excess of 8 per cent. calculated in accordance with BRSA regulations. 
In addition, as a prudential requirement, the BRSA requires a target capital adequacy ratio that is 4 per cent. 
higher than the legal capital ratio. As of 31 December 2023, the Bank’s regulatory capital adequacy ratio was 
26.2 per cent. and the Group’s regulatory capital adequacy ratio was 26.0 per cent, each significantly exceeding 
the minimum legal ratio of 8 per cent. The Bank also monitors its capital adequacy ratio with current exchange

--- Page 227 ---
227
rates to ensure that the ratios are meeting and exceeding current regulatory limits. Furthermore, the Bank has 
the capacity to generate further capital. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment – Capital Adequacy” for 
additional information.

--- Page 228 ---
228
MANAGEMENT
In accordance with the Bank’s articles of incorporation and the relevant laws of Türkiye, the Bank is ultimately 
controlled by its shareholders through its General Assembly. According to the Bank’s articles of incorporation, 
general resolutions at the General Assembly are adopted by affirmative votes of an absolute majority of the 
votes present at the meeting, provided that a quorum is attained.
The Bank’s business is organised into 34 departments. 31 of these departments are managed by the Executive 
Committee, which consists of the Chief Executive Officer and the various Executive Vice Presidents. The 
remainder of the departments – the Board of Internal Auditors, Internal Control, and Risk Management – report 
to the Board of Directors through the relevant Executive Vice President, who in turn reports directly to the Audit 
Committee and Legal Affairs report directly to the Chief Executive Officer.
Board of Directors
According to the Bank’s articles of incorporation, the Board of Directors consists of at least five members, as 
elected by the shareholders at the General Assembly, with the exception of the Chief Executive Officer, who is 
appointed by the Board of Directors. The Chief Executive Officer is by law a member of the Board of Directors. 
Each director serves for a term of three years. The responsibilities of the Board of Directors include: (a) 
administration of the Bank’s real estate, securities and properties, (b) executing all kinds of agreements and 
transactions related with the Bank’s activities, (c) ensuring the orderly performance of the Bank’s internal 
operations, (d) keeping the books and accounts necessary for the Bank’s operations and submitting such books, 
balance sheet, profit and loss accounts to the General Assembly, (e) issuing a report reflecting the commercial, 
industrial and financial status of the Bank, including a summary of the Bank’s transactions performed within 
the year at year-end and (f) implementing the General Assembly resolutions.
Under the Bank’s articles of incorporation, the Board of Directors must hold their meetings at least once a 
month at the address where the Bank’s head office is located. They may also hold meetings in any other suitable 
place, provided that more than one half of the Board members concur.
The presence of a majority of the Board of Directors is required for the validity of a board meeting. Resolutions 
are adopted by the majority of the members present and, in the event of an equality of votes, the relevant matter 
is postponed until the subsequent meeting. Should the votes again be equal, the proposal in question is 
considered as rejected.
The Turkish Commercial Code allows the appointment of a legal entity as a member of the board of directors 
of a joint stock company. Under such rules, a legal entity on a board of directors would be represented by a 
natural person designated by it. Alternatively, natural persons can be members of the board. Notwithstanding 
this recent change, the BRSA does not favour the appointment of a legal entity as a member of the board of 
directors of any joint stock company that it regulates, and thus members of the Bank’s board can (in practice) 
only be natural persons.
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors is Meclisi Mebusan Cad. No 81 Fındıklı 
34427 İstanbul, Türkiye. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors comprises the following:
Name
Position
Year first 
appointed to 
the Board
Adnan Bali
Chairperson
2021
Ece Börü
Vice Chairperson
2020

--- Page 229 ---
229
Name
Position
Year first 
appointed to 
the Board
Murat Bilgiç
Board Member, CEO
2022
Murat Doğan
Board Member
2022
Cengiz Yavilioğlu
Board Member
2021
Bahattin Özarslantürk
Independent Board Member
2020
Mithat Rende
Board Member
2017
Abdi Serdar Üstünsalih
Board Member
2019
Gamze Yalçın
Independent Board Member
2018
M. Sefa Pamuksuz
Independent Board Member
2023
Celal Caner Yıldız
Board Member
2022
Adnan Bali (Chairperson)
Adnan Bali was born in İslahiye in 1962 and graduated from Middle East Technical University (“METU”) in 
Ankara with a BS degree in Economics in 1986. Mr. Bali began his banking career in 1986 at İşbank by joining 
the Board of Inspectors as Assistant Inspector. After working at various managerial positions at İşbank, Mr. 
Adnan Bali was promoted to the post of Deputy Chief Executive in 2006. Having served as the Chief Executive 
Officer of İşbank since 1 April 2011, Mr. Bali has been elected as the Chairperson of İşbank as of 1 April 2021. 
Throughout his career, Mr. Bali has attended to various training programs held abroad, including an executive 
program at Harvard Business School in Boston Massachusetts. Having served as TSKB’s Chairperson of the 
Board of Directors between 2011 and 2017, Mr. Bali has been re-elected as of 31 March 2021.  
Ece Börü (Vice Chairperson)
Ece Börü was born in İstanbul in 1966 and graduated from Management Engineering Department of İstanbul 
Technical University in 1988. Ms Börü joined TSKB as an assistant specialist in Financial Control Department 
in 1989. She was promoted to Head of Financial Control in 2000 and to Head of Board of Internal Auditors in 
2006. Between 2013-2020, Ms Börü served as the Executive Vice President. Between August 2020-April 2022, 
Ms Börü served as the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors. On 7 April 2022, Ms. 
Börü was elected as the Vice Chairperson of the Board of Directors of TSKB.
Murat Bilgiç (Board Member and Chief Executive Officer)
Murat Bilgiç was born in Ankara in 1968 and graduated from METU-Faculty of Economics and Administrative 
Sciences, Department of International Relations and received his master’s degree in Money-Banking-Finance 
at the University of Birmingham. He completed the Management Program at Manchester Business School and 
the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School. Mr. Bilgiç started his career in 1990 as 
Assistant Inspector of the Board of Inspectors of Türkiye İş Bankası. After serving as Vice Manager, Unit 
Manager and Head of Corporate Loans Allocation Department, he was promoted to the position of Executive 
Vice President of Türkiye İş Bankası on March 25, 2016. As of 7 April 2022, Mr. Bilgiç is the Chief Executive 
Officer and member of the Board of Directors of TSKB.
Murat Doğan (Board Member)
Murat Doğan was born in Samsun in 1977 and graduated from Istanbul Technical University with a BSc in 
Industrial Engineering in 2000. Following his graduation, he joined İşbank as an Assistant Specialist in 
Subsidiaries Division. Mr. Doğan also serves in-group positions as a member of the Board of Directors at Maxis 
Girişim Sermayesi Portföy Yönetimi A.Ş., Trakya Yatırım Holding A.Ş., Kasaba Gayrimenkul İnşaat Taahhüt

--- Page 230 ---
230
ve Ticaret A.Ş., Bayek Tedavi Sağlık Hizmetleri ve İşletmeciliği A.Ş., Batı Karadeniz Elektrik Dağıtım ve 
Ticaret A.Ş. and İş GYO. He currently serves as Division Head in the Subsidiaries Division. As of 7th of January 
2022, Mr. Doğan was appointed as a member of TSKB’s Board of Directors.
Cengiz Yavilioğlu (Board Member)
Cengiz Yavilioğlu, Economist Dr., holds a degree in Public Administration from Istanbul University. Mr. 
Yavilioğlu completed his master’s degree in International Finance at Istanbul University and his doctoral studies 
in International Economics at Cumhuriyet University. He worked as a Research Assistant at Cumhuriyet 
University Department of Economics, later as Visiting Professor at The Turkish National Police Academy 
Faculty of Security Sciences, and as Deputy Chairman of Trustees at Rauf Denktaş University. Mr. Yavilioğlu 
worked as the Head of the Finance and Fund Management Department at the Privatization Administration. He 
also served as Chairman and/or Board Member at the following companies: The Black Sea Copper Enterprises 
AŞ, Türkiye Maritime Organization AŞ, TEDAŞ Meram Electricity Distribution AŞ, TEDAŞ Çamlıbel 
Electricity Distribution AŞ, Ankara Doğal Electricity Generation and Trade AŞ, TÜPRAŞ and Türkiye Sugar 
Factories AŞ. He was elected as the 24th term Erzurum deputy. He served as the Deputy Chairman in charge of 
Economic Affairs in Justice and Development Party, a Member of the Plan and Budget Committee of the 
Turkish Grand National Assembly, and as a Member of the Coups and Memoranda Research Committee. He 
also worked as the Deputy Minister of Finance in the 64th and 65th Governments. He was appointed as the 
Deputy Minister of Treasury and Finance on 30 January 2021. Cengiz Yavilioğlu was appointed as a TSKB 
Board Member on 25 March 2021.
Bahattin Özarslantürk (Board Member)
Bahattin Özarslantürk was born in 1971 and graduated from İstanbul University, department of Business 
Administration. He started his professional career in 1994 at Türkiye İş Bankası Zincirlikuyu Branch as assistant 
loan specialist. Mr Özarslantürk, who continued to work as a Specialist in the Risk Management Department 
in 2000, became Assistant Manager in the Corporate Loans Department in 2002 and the Regional Manager in 
the same department in 2006. He served as Hadımköy Commercial Branch Manager in 2009, Güneşli Corporate 
Branch Manager in 2011, Commercial Loans Allocation Manager in 2013 and Başkent Corporate Branch 
Manager in 2017. He was appointed as Istanbul Corporate Branch Manager on 30 January 2020. Mr 
Özarslantürk was elected as a member of TSKB’s Board of Directors on 24 August 2020.
Mithat Rende (Board Member)
Mithat Rende was born in Antakya in 1953 and graduated from the Faculty of Political Science of the University 
of Ankara. After graduation he worked in the Ministry of Commerce and was admitted to the Ministry of 
Foreign Affairs where he held posts in Damascus, Rome, Brussels (NATO), Sofia, Vienna (OSCE) and London. 
Ambassador Rende also served as the Director of the Human Rights Department at the Ministry after 
completing the post-graduate program in Security and International Relations at the London-Royal College of 
Defence Studies. In 2005, he was appointed as Deputy Director General of Energy Environment and Water 
Affairs, served as Chairman of the Trade and Transit Working Group of the Energy Charter Conference in 
Brussels between 2005 and 2008, and was appointed as Ambassador to Doha (Qatar) in 2007. Ambassador 
Rende served as Director General of Multilateral Economic Affairs and Türkiye’s Chief Negotiator for Climate 
Change between 2010-2013. He was also a member on the Turkish Nuclear Energy Commission during the 
same period. Ambassador Rende was appointed as the OECD Permanent Representative of Türkiye in 2013 
and was elected as Chairman of the Executive Committee of the OECD in 2014. He retired in 2016 and was 
elected as a member of the Bank’s Board of Directors of TSKB on 4 April 2017.
Abdi Serdar Üstünsalih (Board Member)
Mr Üstünsalih began his career as an associate in 1991 at VakıfBank. After having served as manager in various 
branches and departments in VakıfBank, he served as the Head of IT, Retail Banking, Banking Operations,

--- Page 231 ---
231
Basic Banking Application Development departments. Mr Üstünsalih is currently the Deputy Chairman of 
Güneş Sigorta A.Ş. and Vakıf Enerji A.Ş., a Board member of VakıfBank Private Social Security Fund and 
auditor of VakıfBank Social Pension Fund. He was appointed as Executive Vice President at VakıfBank on 5 
July 2018. He was elected as Board Member at the 65th Ordinary General Assembly Meeting of VakıfBank on 
27 May 2019. He was also elected as the CEO of VakıfBank by the Board decision on the same day. Mr 
Üstünsalih has been member of the Bank’s Board of Directors since 25 June 2019.
Gamze Yalçın (Independent Board Member)
Gamze Yalçın has a BSc degree in Economics from the METU. She also holds a master’s degree in International 
Banking and Finance from the University of Birmingham, UK. She attended the Advanced Management 
Program (AMP193) in Harvard Business School in 2017. Ms Yalçın started her professional career at İşbank as 
a business analyst in 1993 and has served in various functions of the Bank. She worked in the establishment 
and implementation of risk management systems and processes as a risk manager. Ms Yalçın was appointed as 
Deputy Chief Executive in charge of Financial Institutions and Investor Relations on 28 November 2017. Ms 
Yalçın was appointed as a member of the Board of Directors of the Bank on 8 April 2019. Due to being a 
member of the Bank’s Audit Committee, Ms Yalçın is an independent board member. 
M. Sefa Pamuksuz (Independent Board Member)
Mehmet Sefa Pamuksuz graduated from the Department of Business Administration at Middle East Technical 
University and received his master’s degree in Finance at Boston College. Having 25 years of experience in the 
Turkish Treasury including General Directorate of Public Capital Institutions and Enterprises and working in 
various capacities, Mr. Pamuksuz recently acted as the Coordinator of the G20 Infrastructure and Investment 
Working Group as well as the Chair of the G20/OECD Task Force on Institutional Investors and Long-Term 
Investments (LTI). Mr. Pamuksuz has also worked as the Alternate Executive Director of Türkiye in the World 
Bank Group. Having worked in various finance management projects and being an adviser for IMF FAD, Mr. 
Pamuksuz provided technical assistance to the governments of Cyprus, Mozambique, Lao PDR, Jamaica, 
Jordan, the Philippines and Serbia. Holding a CPA certificate, M. Sefa Pamuksuz is currently working as a 
consultant on Public Financial Management, Long-Term Investments, Corporate Governance and SOEs at PAL 
A.Ş.. Mr. Pamuksuz was elected as Member of the TSKB Board of Directors on March 29, 2023.
Celal Caner Yıldız (Board Member)
Celal Caner Yıldız was born in Antalya in 1981 and graduated with a degree in Economics from the Faculty of 
Economics and Administrative Sciences at Hacettepe University in 2003. He started his professional career at 
İşbank as an assistant specialist in the Corporate Loans Division. During his 18 years of service at the bank, he 
mainly served in underwriting and project finance departments for the corporate lending business. Mr. Yıldız 
was promoted as Division Head in the Project Finance Division as of January 2022. He was elected as a member 
of the Board of Directors of TSKB on 7 April 2022.
Executive Committee
The Bank’s Executive Committee consists of the Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice Presidents. 
The meetings of the Executive Committee are held once a month. However, the Chief Executive Officer may 
call for a meeting whenever it is necessary. Resolutions of the Executive Committee require unanimous 
approval. The Executive Committee is responsible for implementing the overall strategy of the Bank formulated 
by the Board of Directors. Current Members of the Executive Committee are:

--- Page 232 ---
232
Name
Position
Date of 
Appointment
Murat Bilgiç
Chief Executive Officer
2022
Meral Murathan
Executive Vice President
2019
Hasan Hepkaya
Executive Vice President
2019
Poyraz Koğacıoğlu
Executive Vice President
2019
Özlem Bağdatlı
Executive Vice President
2021
Bilinç Tanağardı
Executive Vice President
2021
S. Hüseyin Gürel
Executive Vice President
2023
Tolga Sert
Director
2022
Burcu Ünüvar, PhD
Director / Chief Economist
2023
Melis Sökmen
Director
2024
Burç Boztunç
Director
2024
Additional information on each of these Executive Committee Members is set forth below:
Meral Murathan (Executive Vice President)
Meral Murathan was born in Erzurum in 1977 and graduated with a degree in Economics from Boğaziçi 
University. She started her career in the TSKB Treasury Department in 1998. In 2012, after serving in a diverse 
set of capacities at the Bank, she was promoted to Head of Financial Institutions. Ms. Murathan was appointed 
as Executive Vice President on 1 April 2019. She is currently in charge of the Development Finance Institutions, 
Financial Institutions and Investor Relations, Loan Monitoring and Engineering and Technical Advisory 
Departments. Ms. Murathan also serves as TSKB Sustainability Leader.
Hasan Hepkaya (Executive Vice President)
Hasan Hepkaya was born in Samsun in 1981 and graduated with a degree in Business Administration from 
Hacettepe University. He started his career in Garanti Leasing in 2003. After serving in a variety of roles and 
positions in Corporate Banking and Project Finance Departments in the Bank between 2005 and 2014, he was 
promoted as Head of Project Finance and Head of Corporate Banking respectively between 2014 and 2018. As 
of 1 April 2019, Mr Hepkaya has been appointed as Executive Vice President. He is currently in charge of 
Corporate Banking Marketing, Project Finance, Corporate Banking Sales, Economic Research, Financial 
Advisory Departments and Business Development & Advisory Management Office. 
Poyraz Koğacıoğlu (Executive Vice President)
Poyraz Koğacıoğlu completed his undergraduate education at the Department of Aerospace Engineering at 
METU and obtained his master’s degree in business administration (MBA) at Koç University. During his MBA 
education, Koğacıoğlu joined the Bocconi University exchange program. Having worked as a research assistant 
at Koç University between 2002 and 2004, Koğacıoğlu continued his career as an Equity Research Analyst at 
Oyak Investment from 2005 onwards. Koğacıoğlu worked as a Senior Analyst at 3 Seas Capital Partners in 
2006 and as a Specialist in TAIB-PDF Corporate Finance in 2007. In the same year, Koğacıoğlu worked as a 
senior specialist in the corporate finance team at Ak Investment. In 2010, he worked as an assistant manager at 
the same institution. Koğacıoğlu then transferred to the corporate finance team at Garanti Securities as a 
manager in 2012 and worked there as a director in M&A and equity capital markets from 2015 to February 
2019. He was appointed as Executive Vice President at Şeker Real Estate in February 2019. Poyraz Koğacıoğlu 
became TSKB Investment Banking’s Executive Director in May 2019. As of 1 May 2022, Mr. Koğacıoğlu has

--- Page 233 ---
233
been appointed as Executive Vice President in charge of the Capital Markets, Company Mergers and 
Acquisitions and Corporate Finance departments. 
Özlem Bağdatlı (Executive Vice President)
Özlem Bağdatlı was born in Çanakkale in 1974 and graduated from the Faculty of Law at Marmara University 
in 1995. She started her career in the private sector in 1998. Beginning her career at TSKB as a Specialised 
Lawyer in 2003, Ms. Bağdatlı held various positions at the Directorate of Legal Affairs between 2003 and 2021. 
As of 1 May 2022, Ms. Bağdatlı is the Executive Vice President responsible for the Departments of Legal 
Affairs, Human Resources, and Pension and Assistance Funds. She is also the Rapporteur of the Board of 
Directors. 
Bilinç Tanağardı (Executive Vice President)
Bilinç Tanağardı was born in Konya in 1973 and graduated from the department of Computer Science 
Engineering at Istanbul University in 1994. He started his career at Degere International and then continued his 
career as a Software Engineer at Sınai Yatırım Bankası in 1999. Mr. Tanağardı joined TSKB in 2002 and after 
serving in a variety of roles and positions in the Information Technology departments. He was promoted in 
2015 as Head of System and Network Support Department. On 1 May 2022, Mr. Tanağardı was appointed as 
the Executive Vice President of Information Technology and is responsible for the Application Development, 
Enterprise Architecture and Process Management and System and Network Support departments.
Tolga Sert (Director)
Tolga Sert was born in Malatya in 1973 and graduated from METU’s Petroleum Engineering department in 
1995 and holds a master’s degree from Yeditepe University’s Business Administration department. He started 
work as an Assistant Expert at Garanti Bank in 1995 then served as a Credit and Risk officer at Total. On 15 
December 1998, Mr. Sert joined the bank as an assistant investment advisor in the Treasury department. He 
assumed duties at Risk Management, Financial Control, Bahrain Branch, Investor Relations and Budget and 
Planning departments and was later appointed as Financial Control Manager in 2016. Mr. Sert is currently in 
charge of the Financial Control, Credit Operations and Treasury and Capital Market Operations departments 
and was appointed as a Director on 1 May 2022.
Burcu Ünüvar, PhD (Director/Chief Economist)
Burcu Ünüvar started her career in investment banking in 2004 and worked as the Senior Economist at Is 
Investment until 2013. Following her investment banking career, she joined Bilkent University as a full-time 
academic at the Department of Economics. In April 2017, she joined TSKB as the Chief Economist and the 
Head of Economic Research Department. As of August 2023, she was promoted to the Director position while 
also continuing her research as the Chief Economist, coordinating macroeconomic content regarding markets 
and development themes, with a focus on ecosystem crisis. Ms. Ünüvar holds a Bachelors Degree in Business 
Administration, MSc Degree in Applied Economics and Finance from Denmark and the USA, and a PhD in 
Economics. On a related front, she continues her research as a non-teaching academic focusing on monetary 
policy, central bank communication and green central banking.
Melis Sökmen (Director)
Ms. Sökmen graduated from Marmara University’s Faculty of Communication in 2002 and later pursued her 
master’s degree at İstanbul University’s Faculty of Communication. Having started her career in the media 
sector in 2002 and after gaining experience in marketing, Mrs. Sökmen joined TSKB in 2008 in the Corporate 
Communications Department. Over time, she transitioned to Talent Management through an internal transfer 
and officially took on the role of TSKB Human Resources Manager starting from March 1, 2018. On January 
31, 2024, Mrs. Sökmen was appointed as Director, taking charge of overseeing both the Human Resources 
Department and the Corporate Communications Department.

--- Page 234 ---
234
Burç Boztunç (Director)
Mr. Boztunç graduated from Boğaziçi University in 2004 with a degree in Economics and later completed his 
master’s degree in Finance at İstanbul University. Mr. Boztunç embarked on his professional journey in 2005 
as an Assistant Specialist in TSKB’s Treasury Department. Over the years, he has taken on leadership roles in 
several units within the Treasury Department. Since 2017, Mr. Boztunç has been serving as the Treasury 
Manager. On January 31, 2024, he was appointed as the Director overseeing the Treasury Department.
Board Committees
Pursuant to the Turkish Commercial Law (No. 6102) and the CMB Corporate Governance Communique II-
17.1, the Board of Directors has established the Audit Committee, the Corporate Governance Committee, the 
Remuneration Committee and the Credit Revision Committee. The Board of Directors has also established the 
Sustainability Committee.
Audit Committee. The Audit Committee consists of two members who serve on the Board of Directors. The 
Audit Committee members are selected by the Board of Directors and are currently Mr. Bahattin Özarslantürk 
and Ms. Gamze Yalçın. The Audit Committee informs the Board of Directors of the results of its activities and 
the measures that are required to be taken by the Bank, and offers its opinions on other matters that it considers 
to be significant for the Bank to conduct its business in full compliance with the relevant regulations. 
The Audit Committee is in charge of:
(a)
ensuring that the Bank’s internal audit and risk management systems function efficiently and that the 
Bank’s accounting and reporting systems operate in compliance with the related regulations;
(b)
carrying out the preliminary assessment of external auditors and monitoring the activities of the 
appointed auditors on a regular basis;
(c)
ensuring that the internal audit functions of subsidiaries that are subject to consolidation are being 
performed in line with the related regulations;
(d)
reporting and advising to the Board of Directors in relation to the operations and activities of the Bank’s 
internal audit, risk management, internal control units and external auditors and the measures deemed 
necessary to be taken in order for the Bank to operate in a manner compliant with the relevant external 
and internal regulations and policies;
(e)
where necessary, gathering information, reports and documents from the relevant units of the Bank or 
its supporting service providers and independent auditors and, subject to the approval of the Board of 
Directors, making use of various consulting services from experts in their respective fields;
(f)
evaluating the information and reports received from independent auditors and divisions that fall under 
the internal systems with respect to their activities; and
(g)
analysing and submitting quarterly internal audit reports to the Board of Directors, which are prepared 
by the internal audit department according to the Banking Law.
Corporate Governance Committee. The Corporate Governance Committee was established in 2009 for the 
purpose of assuring that the Bank complies with corporate governance principles. The Corporate Governance 
Committee consists of three members of the Board of Directors, Ms. Gamze Yalçın, Ms. Ece Börü, and Mr. 
Murat Doğan, and the Senior Manager of the Financial Institutions and Investor Relations Department Ms Özen 
Çaylı are the current members of Corporate Governance Committee, which meets at least four times a year. 
The Corporate Governance Committee’s principal duties and responsibilities include:

--- Page 235 ---
235
(a)
ensuring that the corporate governance principles are implemented and advising the Board of Directors 
of the measures deemed necessary to be taken in order for the Bank to operate in a manner compliant 
with the corporate governance principles;
(b)
coordinating investor relation activities, monitoring the Bank’s communication with investors and 
shareholders within this framework, determining the fundamental principles of the Bank’s 
communication with its investors and shareholders and reviewing these principles periodically;
(c)
collaborating with the Investor Relations Department to advise the Board of Directors with respect to 
ensuring the continued efficiency of the Bank’s communication with its investors and shareholders and 
preventing and dealing with potential conflicts of interest;
(d)
reviewing the corporate governance compliance report prior to its publication in the annual report and 
submitting its opinions thereon to the Board of Directors;
(e)
ensuring the independency and efficiency of the Board of Directors by supervising compliance with 
regulations related with conflict of interests among the committee members, the members of the Board 
of Directors, the Executive Committee or other employees;
(f)
ensuring that the Bank’s public disclosures are in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations and 
the Bank’s information policy principles;
(g)
developing policies, strategies and a transparent system for the purpose of determining, assessing and 
training the candidates to the Board of Directors;
(h)
implementing the Bank’s ethics rules and corporate governance principles internally;
(i)
preparing an assessment report to the Board of Directors;
(j)
advising on independent nominees for the Bank’s Board of Directors;
(k)
advising the Board of Directors on the remuneration to be provided to the members of the Board of 
Directors;
(l)
where necessary, subject to the approval of the Board of Directors, making use of consulting services 
from experts in their respective fields; and
(m)
reporting to and advising the Board of Directors in relation to the results of its activities and the measures 
deemed necessary to be taken in order for the Bank to operate in a manner compliant with the relevant 
external and internal regulations and policies.
Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee was established in 2011 for the purpose of executing 
functions and activities related to monitoring and controlling remuneration implementations of the Bank on 
behalf of Board of Directors. The Committee has two members of the Board of Directors, Ms. Gamze Yalçın 
(chairperson) and Mr. Murat Doğan.
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for establishing a written remuneration policy that is in compliance 
with the Bank’s operations, strategic goals and risk management strategies, reviewing the remuneration policy 
at least once a year to ensure its efficiency and submitting a report to and advising the Board of Directors 
regarding evaluation of the Bank’s policy with respect to risk management strategies.
Sustainability Committee. The Sustainability Committee was established in 2015 in order to oversee and 
coordinate all sustainability-related activities at the Bank. The Committee’s mission is to integrate the concept 
of sustainability into all of the Bank’s business operations and services by ensuring that all bank employees 
understand the concept of sustainability, by developing new products and business opportunities in the area of

--- Page 236 ---
236
sustainable banking, and by increasing the level of sustainability awareness throughout the business community 
and in particular within the banking industry. The Sustainability Committee consists of five members of the 
Board of Directors, Mr. Mithat Rende, Ms. Ece Börü, Mr. Murat Bilgiç, Mr. Murat Doğan and Mr. Celal Caner 
Yıldız and two Executive Vice Presidents, Ms. Meral Murathan and Mr. Hasan Hepkaya.
Credit Revision Committee. The Credit Revision Committee consists of the Chief Executive Officer, three 
members of the Board of Directors, Mr. Murat Bilgiç, Mr. Bahattin Özarslantürk and Mr. Celal Caner Yıldız, 
three Executive Vice Presidents, Mr. Hakan Aygen, Ms. Meral Murathan and Mr. Hasan Hepkaya, and related 
department heads. The Committee meets at least once a year to review the loan portfolio and revise the 
necessary loan limits.
Conflicts of Interests
There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties of any of the members of the Board of 
Directors and the Executive Committee and their respective private interests or other duties.
Address
The business address of each Executive Committee member is Meclisi Mebusan Cad. No 81 Fındıklı 34427 
İstanbul, Türkiye.
Remuneration
Monthly remunerations of the Board members and auditors are determined annually at the Bank’s General 
Shareholders’ Meetings and disclosed to the BİST. After the legal reserves and the first dividend have been 
allocated from the net profit of the Bank, up to 0.5 per cent. of the remaining balance is distributed among the 
members of the Board of Directors (including the Chief Executive Officer) equally. Pursuant to the CMB’s 
corporate governance principles, independent board members do not receive any dividend payments.
The corporate governance principle numbered 4.6.3 under the Communiqué No. II-17.1 on Corporate 
Governance (as amended, the “Corporate Governance Communiqué”) provides that the remuneration of a 
company’s independent board members cannot consist of dividends, stock options or payment plans based on 
the company’s performance, and requires that such remuneration be at a level that would allow the independent 
board members to maintain their independence. Therefore, dividends calculated for the independent members 
of the Board of Directors are recommended to be transferred to the reserves. The aggregate amount of the 
remuneration paid and benefits in hand granted to the members of the Board of Directors and senior 
management on an unconsolidated basis for the year ended 31 December 2022 was TL 31,623 thousand (TL 
15,896 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2021).
Corporate Governance
The Bank recognises the importance of maintaining sound corporate governance practices. The relationship 
between the Bank’s management, shareholders, employees and third parties including customers, legal 
authorities, suppliers and various other individuals and institutions with whom the Bank does business are based 
upon fundamental governance principles including integrity, credibility, equality, compliance, confidentiality, 
transparency, accountability and sustainability.
CMB Corporate Governance Principles
On 3 January 2014, the CMB issued the Corporate Governance Communiqué to replace the Communiqué on 
the Determination and Implementation of Corporate Governance Principles Series IV, No. 56 dated 30 
December 2011 and Communiqué on the Principles Applicable to Joint Stock Companies Subject to Capital 
Markets Law Series IV, No. 41 dated 19 March 2008. The Corporate Governance Communiqué provides certain 
mandatory and non-mandatory corporate governance principles as well as rules regarding related-party 
transactions and a company’s investor relations department. Some provisions of the Corporate Governance

--- Page 237 ---
237
Communiqué are applicable to all companies incorporated in Türkiye and listed on the BİST, whereas some 
others are applicable solely to companies whose shares are traded in certain markets of the BİST. The Corporate 
Governance Communiqué provides specific exemptions and/or rules applicable to banks that are traded on the 
BİST.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is subject to the corporate governance principles stated in the 
banking regulations and the regulations for capital markets that are applicable to banks. In case of any non-
compliance with any of the non-mandatory principles applicable to the Bank under the Corporate Governance 
Communiqué, the Bank is required to explain such non-compliance in its annual Corporate Governance 
Principles Compliance Report, which is published as part of its integrated annual report.
The Corporate Governance Communiqué contains principles relating to: (a) companies’ shareholders, (b) public 
disclosure and transparency, (c) the stakeholders of companies and (d) the board of directors. A number of 
principles are compulsory, while the remaining principles apply on a “comply or explain” basis. The Corporate 
Governance Communiqué classifies listed companies into three categories according to their market 
capitalisation and the market value of their free-float shares, subject to recalculation on an annual basis. The 
Bank is classified as a “1 Group” company.
The Capital Markets Law authorises the CMB to require listed companies to comply with the corporate 
governance principles in whole or in part and to take certain measures with a view to ensure compliance with 
the new principles, which include requesting injunctions from the court or filing lawsuits to determine or to 
revoke any unlawful transactions or actions that contradict these principles.

--- Page 238 ---
238
OWNERSHIP
The Bank was established in 1950 as a development and investment bank with the mission to finance Türkiye’s 
private sector investments.
As of 31 December 2023: (a) the majority shareholder of the Bank, with a 51.37 per cent. shareholding, was 
İşbank Group (with 47.68 per cent. held directly by İşbank and the remainder held through its subsidiaries, (b) 
8.38 per cent. of the Bank’s shares were held by Vakıfbank, (c) 40.26 per cent. of the Bank’s shares were traded 
publicly on the BİST (12.30 per cent. of which were owned by foreign investors) and (d) the remaining shares 
were owned by other institutional shareholders. 
As of 31 December 2023, the share capital of the Bank was TL 2.8 billion, consisting of 2,800,000,000 fully 
paid-up shares. Registered shareholdings in the Bank as of 31 December 2023 were as follows:
Shareholder(1)
Shares(2)
Percentage
İşbank .................................................................................................... 
1,335,063,361
47.68%(3)
Vakıfbank .............................................................................................. 
234,569,493
8.38%
Public Free Float and Others ................................................................. 
1,230,367,146
40.26%
Total ...................................................................................................... 
2,800,000,000
100%
Notes: 
(1)
According to data from the Public Disclosure Platform (Kamuyu Aydınlatma Platformu) (KAP) as of 31 December 
2023. 
(2)
Each share has a nominal value of one Kuruş. One hundred Kuruş are equal to one Turkish Lira. 
(3)
İşbank Group holds 51.37 per cent. of the Bank’s shares as of 31 December 2023, with 47.68 per cent. of the shares 
being held directly and the remainder being held through its subsidiaries, Milli Reasürans (1.90 per cent.), Anadolu 
Sigorta (0.89 per cent.) and Anadolu Hayat Emeklilik A.Ş. (0.89 per cent.), the latter three of which are reflected in 
the table above in “Public Free Float and Others”). 
Dividends
Dividends are paid by the Bank from its net profit in accordance with its articles of incorporation. Under its 
articles of incorporation, the Bank is required to allocate 5 per cent. of its net profit towards its legal reserve 
fund. From the balance of net profit, a “first dividend” is distributed to the shareholders according to the Capital 
Markets Law. Once the first dividend is provided for, the balance of the net profit is distributed as follows: 5 
per cent. for founder shares (limited to TL 200,000 of paid-up capital), up to 0.5 per cent. for the members of 
the Board of Directors (including the Chief Executive Officer and excluding the Independent Board Member) 
to be shared among them equally, up to 3 per cent. for the employees of the Bank, provided that such amount 
does not exceed the equivalent of three salaries. The General Assembly is authorised to decide whether the 
amount remaining from the net profit after the reserve funds and payments indicated above shall be completely 
or partially distributed as dividends or reserved as a reserve fund. The Bank’s articles of incorporation require 
that 10 per cent. of the total amount to be distributed to shareholders out of profit is required to be added to the 
Bank’s legal reserve fund.
The Bank did not distribute cash dividends in 2022 and 2021.
In accordance with the Bank’s Dividend Policy, the board of directors decided not to distribute dividend but to 
keep the profit as reserve and strengthen the Bank’s capital for long-term stability and sustainability of the Bank

--- Page 239 ---
239
considering national and global economic conditions, the long-term growth targets of the Bank, the 
sustainability of the Bank’s strong equity structure, as well as the Banking Regulatory and Supervisory 
Agency’s guidance regarding the banking sector.
Preferential rights
Under the Bank’s articles of incorporation, and according to the Turkish Commercial Code, existing 
shareholders have preferential rights with respect to the purchase of new shares to be issued by the Bank. The 
duration and conditions of the exercise of these rights are to be determined by the Board of Directors in 
accordance with the relevant Turkish regulations. To the extent that these preferential rights are not exercised 
in respect of any new shares within the prescribed period, these shares are to be made available for subscription 
by the public.
Voting rights
At least one share is needed for participating in any Ordinary or Extraordinary General Assembly. Each share 
provides one vote to its owner. Votes may be cast by proxy.
In accordance with the Turkish Commercial Law (No. 6102), each share exercises its voting right in proportion 
to its total nominal value. Accordingly, each share with a nominal value of one Kuruş has one share of voting 
right.
Major Shareholders
İşbank
İşbank was established under the laws of the Republic of Türkiye in 1924 at the initiative of Mustafa Kemal 
Atatürk as the first national bank of Türkiye to operate in all kinds of banking activities and to initiate and/or 
participate in all kinds of financial and industrial sector undertakings. As of 30 September 2023, İşbank was the 
largest bank in Türkiye in terms of total loans and assets among private sector banks (source: BRSA), each as 
measured on an unconsolidated basis. İşbank Group holds 51.37 per cent. of the Bank’s shares (both directly 
and through its subsidiaries) and appoints seven members to the Bank’s Board of Directors, including the CEO.
Vakıfbank
Founded in 1954, Vakıfbank is a full service commercial and retail bank, and as of 30 September 2023, was the 
second largest Turkish bank in terms of assets, second in terms of loans, third in terms of deposits and fourth in 
terms of branch network according to the BRSA, BAT and bank data. Vakıfbank’s market share in total assets 
was 8.38 per cent. as of 31 December 2023 (Source: BRSA and bank data). Vakıfbank appoints one member to 
the Board of Directors.
Free Float and Other Shareholders
As of 31 December 2023, 40.26 per cent. of the Bank’s total shares were on free float, of which 12.30 per cent. 
was owned by foreign investors.
The remaining 27.96 per cent. of shares are owned by other institutional shareholders.

--- Page 240 ---
240
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
The Bank and its qualified shareholders, Board of Directors (including the Chief Executive Officer) and the 
undertakings that they control individually or jointly, directly or indirectly, or in which they participate with 
unlimited responsibility or where they are members of board of directors or general manager, are considered 
and referred to as related parties. The Bank enters into transactions with related parties in the ordinary course 
of its business and on an arm’s length basis and will continue to do so in the future. See also “Business of the 
Group – Related Party Transactions”.
Restrictions relating to loans extended by the Bank to the members of its Board of Directors are defined in 
Article 50 of the Banking Law. The Bank does not extend loans to the members of the Board of Directors other 
than those allowed by the law.
None of the members of the Bank’s Board of Directors or executive officers have or have had any interest in 
any transaction effected by the Bank that are or were unusual in their nature or conditions or significant to the 
business of the Bank and that were effected during the current or immediately preceding financial year or were 
effected during an earlier financial year and remain in any respect outstanding or unperformed. None of these 
individual transactions are material.
The Banking Law places limits on a bank’s exposure to related parties. Under the Banking Law, the total amount 
of loans extended by a bank to its risk group must not be more than 20 per cent. of its equity. The Bank is not 
subject to this requirement, as the Bank is a development and investment bank. As of 31 December 2023, the 
Bank’s total net exposure to its risk group totalled TL 2.9 million, an amount corresponding to 13.0 per cent. of 
its equity. 
The following table shows the breakdown of the Group’s business transactions with related parties as of the 
dates indicated.
As of 31 December 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Amount
Percentage
of Related
Item
Amount
Percentage
of Related 
Item
Amount
Percentage 
of Related 
Item
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Cash loans ................................................  
1,499,938
0.02% 
2,088,363 
0.03%  2,922,459
0.02% 
Non–cash loans ........................................  
9,754
0.01% 
2 
0.00% 
2 
0.00% 
Derivatives ...............................................  
15,247
0.00% 
15,247 
0.00% 
1,114,465 
0.01%

--- Page 241 ---
241
TURKISH BANKING SYSTEM
The following information relating to the Turkish banking sector has been provided for background purposes 
only. The information has been extracted from third-party sources that the Bank’s management believes to be 
reliable but the Bank has not independently verified such information.
Structural Changes in the Turkish Banking System
The Turkish financial sector has gone through major structural changes as a result of the financial liberalisation 
programme that started in the early 1980s. The abolition of directed credit policies, liberalisation of deposit and 
credit interest rates and liberal exchange rate policies as well as the adoption of international best standard 
banking regulations have accelerated the structural transformation of the Turkish banking sector. Since the 
1980s, the Turkish banking sector has experienced a significant expansion and development in the number of 
banks, employment in the sector, diversification of services and technological infrastructure. The significant 
volatility in the Turkish currency and foreign exchange markets experienced in 1994, 1998 and 2001, combined 
with the short foreign exchange positions held by many Turkish banks at those times, affected the profitability 
and liquidity of certain Turkish banks. In 2001, this resulted in the collapse of several institutions. The banking 
sector also experienced a sharp reduction in shareholders’ equity in 2001, with the capital for 22 private sector 
banks declining to U.S.$4,916 million at the end of 2001 from U.S.$8,056 million for 28 banks at the end of 
2000, according to the Banks Association of Türkiye (“BAT”).
The Turkish money markets and foreign exchange markets have stabilised since 2001, in large part due to 
regulatory reform and other governmental actions (including a three-part audit undertaken in 2001 and 2002, 
after which all private commercial banks were either found to be in compliance with the 8 per cent. minimum 
capital requirement, transferred to the SDIF or asked to increase their capital level). The transparency of the 
system has improved along with the establishment of an independent supervisory and regulatory framework 
and new disclosure requirements. Structural changes undertaken have strengthened the banking sector and 
resulted in a more level playing field among banks. Certain advantages for state banks were diminished while 
the efficiency of the system increased in general as a result of consolidation. According to the SDIF’s official 
data, since 1994, a total of 20 private banks have (as at the date of this Base Prospectus) been transferred to the 
SDIF due to, among other things, weakened financial stability and liquidity.
In August 2004, in an attempt to reduce the regulatory costs inherent in the Turkish banking system, the 
government reduced the rate of the Resource Utilisation Support Fund (“RUSF”) applicable on short-term 
foreign currency commercial loans lent by banks domiciled in Türkiye to zero; however, the 3 per cent. RUSF 
charge for some types of loans provided by banks outside of Türkiye with an average repayment term of less 
than one year remains valid. In addition, effective from 2 January 2013, RUSF rates for cross-border foreign 
exchange borrowings extended by financial institutions outside of Türkiye with an average maturity of between 
one to two years changed from 0 per cent. to 1 per cent. and those with an average maturity of between two to 
three years changed from 0 per cent. to 0.5 per cent., while those with an average maturity of three years or 
more remained at 0 per cent. The government also increased the RUSF charged on interest of foreign currency-
denominated retail loans from 10 per cent. to 15 per cent. in order to curb domestic demand fuelled by credit, 
which was in turn perceived to be adversely affecting Türkiye’s current account balance. The Council of 
Ministers set the RUSF charged on consumer credits to be utilised by real persons (for non-commercial 
utilisation) at 15 per cent. with its decision numbered 2010/974, which was published in the Official Gazette 
dated 28 October 2010 and numbered 27743 and determined as 6 per cent. for imports in terms of acceptance 
credit, forward letter of credit and cash against goods payment methods with its decision No. 2011/2304, which 
was published in the Official Gazette dated 13 October 2011 and numbered 28083.

--- Page 242 ---
242
The Turkish Banking Sector
As of 31 December 2022, 57 banks (including domestic and foreign banks, including participation banks, but 
excluding the CBRT) were operating in Türkiye. Of these banks, 32 were deposit-taking banks, 16 (including 
the Bank) were development and investment banks, and 6 were participation banks, which conduct their 
business under separate legislation in accordance with Islamic banking principles. Among the deposit-taking 
banks, 3 were state-controlled banks, 8 were private domestic banks, 3 were under the administration of the 
SDIF and 21 were private foreign banks. On 3 February 2015, the SDIF took over management of Asya Katılım 
Bankası A.Ş. (“Bank Asya”), a private participation bank. The BRSA announced that this action was taken due 
to Bank Asya’s violation of a provision of the Banking Law that requires banks to have a transparent and open 
shareholding and organisational structure that does not obstruct the efficient auditing of the bank by the BRSA. 
On 29 May 2015, the BRSA announced that shareholding rights (except dividends), management and audit of 
Bank Asya were to be transferred to the SDIF for partial or full transfer, sale or merger of the bank pursuant to 
Article 71 of the Banking Law, provided that any loss shall be deducted from the shares of the existing 
shareholders. Following the abolishment of Bank Asya’s banking licence by the BRSA, the number of 
participation banks operating in Türkiye decreased to five, and upon BRSA providing license to operate as a 
participation bank to Türkiye Emlak Katılım Bankası A.Ş. in 2019, the number of participation banks have 
increased to 6.
The Turkish banking sector has seen the establishment of various banks since 2015, along with the removal of 
banks through mergers or liquidations. The BRSA announced its approval of the establishment and operation 
of Ziraat Katılım Bankası A.Ş. on 10 October 2014 and 12 May 2015, respectively. In February 2016, the BRSA 
granted permission to Vakıf Katılım Bankası A.Ş. to start operations as a participation bank. Bank of China 
Limited acquired the approval of the banking regulator to establish a deposit bank in Türkiye with a paid-in 
capital of U.S.$300 million in May 2016 and transferred the required capital to Türkiye in December 2016. 
Bank of China Türkiye A.Ş. was established on 10 January 2017, its major shareholder being Bank of China 
Limited. The BRSA approved the operation licence of Bank of China Türkiye A.Ş. on 1 December 2017 and 
the licence was published in the Official Gazette numbered 30263 and dated 7 December 2017. The BRSA has 
provided license to operate to Emlak Katılım Bankası A.Ş. as of 26 February 2019. The banking licence of 
participation bank Asya Katılım Bankası A.Ş. was abolished in July 2016 and the banking licence of The Royal 
Bank of Scotland plc (trading as NatWest Markets) was abolished in May 2017. In May 2019, the BRSA issued 
the establishment licence for Golden Global Bank, which was officially established in October 2019 and started 
operations on 1 June 2020. Golden Global Bank is the first investment bank in Türkiye committed to being in 
accordance with interest-free banking principles. Moreover, Destek Yatırım Bankası A.Ş. and D Yatırım 
Bankası A.Ş. were given permission with the BRSB decision dated 4 February 2022 and numbered 0412 and 
21 May 2021 and numbered 9568, respectively, to establish an investment and development bank with TL 300 
million and TL 200 million, respectively. Further, Inveo Yatırım Bankası A.Ş. was given permission with the 
BRSB decision dated 23 September 2021 and numbered 9814 to establish an investment bank with TL 300 
million and Tera Yatırım Bankası A.Ş. was given permission with the BRSB decision dated 27 October 2021 
and numbered 9890 to establish an investment and development bank with TL 300 million. Additionally, Hedef 
Yatırım Bankası A.Ş. was given permission to establish an investment bank with the BRSB decision dated 28 
April 2022 and numbered 10189 with TL 500 million. Finally, Q Yatırım Bankası A.Ş. was given permission to 
establish an investment bank with the BSRB decision on 12 October 2022 and numbered 10379 with TL 500 
million.
Since 2001, a number of banks were transferred to the SDIF and eventually removed from the banking system 
through mergers or liquidations. The table below shows the evolution of the number of banks in the Turkish 
banking system as of the end of each indicated year, which is as of December:

--- Page 243 ---
243
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
Number of banks(1)
45 
45 
44
45
45 
47 
47 
47
46 
47 
47 
48
51 
52
54
Source: BAT (www.tbb.org.tr) 
Note: 
(4)
Total number of banks includes deposit-taking banks, investment banks and development banks, but excludes participation banks (Islamic banks). 
Additionally, Posta ve Telgraf Teşkilatı Anonim Şirketi provides online banking services, including money 
transfers, bill payment transactions and consumer loan and credit card payments of contracted banks, excluding 
collecting deposits and issuing loans according to two BRSA decisions revealed in May 2004 and July 2018.
The Banking Law permits deposit-taking banks to engage in all fields of financial activities, including deposit 
collection, corporate and consumer lending, foreign exchange transactions, capital market activities and 
securities trading. Typically, major commercial banks have nationwide branch networks and provide a full range 
of banking services, while smaller commercial banks focus on wholesale banking. The main objectives of 
development and investment banks are to provide medium-and long-term funding for investment in different 
sectors.
Deposit-taking Turkish banks’ total balance sheets have grown at a CAGR of 26.9 per cent. from 31 December 
2017 to 31 December 2022, driven by loan book expansion and customer deposits growth, which increased by 
a CAGR of 23.1 per cent. and 30.6 per cent., respectively, between 31 December 2017 and 31 December 2022, 
in each case according to the BRSA. Despite strong growth of net loans and customer deposits since 2017, the 
Turkish banking sector remains significantly under-penetrated compared with banking penetration in the 
Eurozone. Loans/GDP and deposits/GDP ratios of the Turkish banking sector were 74 per cent. and 73 per cent., 
respectively, as of 30 September 2022 according to BRSA data, whereas the EU’s banking sector had loan and 
deposit penetration ratios of 180 per cent. and 171 per cent., respectively, as of the same date according to a 
report published by BAT and based upon the European Central Bank’s data.
The following table shows key indicators for the banking sector (deposit banks only) in Türkiye as of (or for 
the period ended on) the indicated dates.
As of 31 December 
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
CAGR
(TL millions, except CAGR) 
Balance sheet 
Loans ............................  
1,869,476 
2,088,599
2,308,603 
3,091,047 
4,152,545 
6,517,987 
23.1% 
Total assets ...................  
2,922,704 
3,403,305
3,904,022 
5,281,462 
7,882,809 
12,337,664 
27.1% 
Deposits ........................  
1,605,926 
1,899,352
2,351,444 
3,133,909 
4,746,930 
7,970,792 
30.6% 
Shareholders’ equity .....  
314,519 
367,745
425,808 
519,021 
613,561 
1,227,326 
25.5% 
Income statement 
Net Interest Income ......  
103,385 
133,019
146,242 
192,159 
236,431 
682,763 
37.0% 
Net Fees and 
Commission Income .....  
27,167 
34,810
46,614 
42,124 
59,154 
118,542 
27.8% 
Total income .................  
144,955 
191,567
219,887 
264,988 
357,103 
1,023,616 
38.5% 
Net Profit ......................  
44,158 
47,711
40,986 
48,688 
77,608 
381,896 
43.3% 
Key ratios

--- Page 244 ---
244
As of 31 December 
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
CAGR
(TL millions, except CAGR) 
Loans/deposits ..............  
120.1% 
114.7% 
104.2% 
103.1% 
87.7% 
80.8% 
—
Net interest margin .......  
3.8% 
4.0% 
4.0% 
4.0% 
3.9% 
8.3% 
—
Return on average 
equity ............................  
16.5% 
14.9% 
11.1% 
10.9
% 
14.2% 
42.3% 
—
Capital adequacy ratio ..  
16.4% 
16.9% 
18.0% 
18.3% 
18.0% 
19.2% 
—
Source: BRSA monthly bulletin (www.bddk.org.tr) 
Note: 
(5)
CAGR is calculated by dividing the ending value by the initial value, raising the result to the power of one divided by the period length and subtracting one from the subsequent 
result. 
Competition
The Turkish banking industry is highly competitive and relatively concentrated with the top 10 deposit-taking 
banks accounting for 79.6 per cent. of total assets of deposit-taking banks as of 30 September 2022. Among the 
top 10 deposit-taking Turkish banks, there are three state-controlled banks – Ziraat Bank, Vakıfbank and 
Halkbank, which were ranked first, second and fourth respectively, in terms of total assets as of 30 September 
2022 according to the non-consolidated financial information published by Turkish banks. These three state-
controlled banks accounted for 35.7 per cent. of deposit-taking Turkish banks’ loans including gross non-
performing loans and 36.9 per cent. of customer deposits as of 30 September 2022. The top four privately-
owned domestic banks are İşbank, Garanti Bank, Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. and Akbank A.Ş. (“Akbank”), 
which in total accounted for approximately 33.7 per cent. of deposit-taking Turkish banks’ loans (including 
gross performing loans), and approximately 32.7 per cent. of customer deposits as of 30 September 2022 
according to the non-consolidated financial information published by Turkish banks and data provided by the 
BRSA in relation to deposit-taking banks. The remaining banks in the top 10 deposit-taking banks in Türkiye 
include three mid-sized banks, namely QNB Finansbank A.Ş., Denizbank A.Ş. and TEB, which were controlled 
by Qatar National Bank, Emirates NBD Bank PJSC and TEB Holding, respectively, as of 30 September 2022. 
The Bank’s management perceives: (a) leading commercial banks, such as Akbank and Garanti Bank, which 
provide foreign exchange loans, (b) the state-owned banks, such as Halkbank and Vakıfbank, which are capable 
of borrowing from supranational institutions with the guarantee from the Turkish Treasury, and (c) other 
development banks, such as Türkiye İhracat ve Kredi Bankası A.Ș. and Türkiye Kalkınma ve Yatırım Bankası 
A.Ș. (Development Bank of Türkiye), as its primary competitors.
As of 30 September 2022, the Bank ranked 12th among Turkish banks in terms of assets according to non-
consolidated financial information published by Turkish banks and data provided by the BAT including the 
participation banks. The market share of the Bank in long-term foreign currency-denominated commercial 
loans, excluding the non-performing loans allocated by in the banking sector was 3.7 per cent. as of 31 
December 2022. As the Bank has an important presence in energy loans, the market share of the Bank in such 
sector was approximately 6.9 per cent. as of 31 December 2022.

--- Page 245 ---
245
TURKISH REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT
Regulatory Institutions
Turkish banks (including development and investment banks such as the Bank) and branches of foreign banks 
in Türkiye are primarily governed by two regulatory authorities in Türkiye, the BRSA and the CBRT.
The Role of the BRSA
In June 1999, the Banks Act No. 4389 (which has been replaced by the Banking Law) established the BRSA, 
which is responsible for ensuring that banks observe banking legislation, supervising the application of banking 
legislation and monitoring the banking system. The BRSA has administrative and financial autonomy.
Articles 82 and 93 of the Banking Law state that the BRSA, having the status of a public legal entity with 
administrative and financial autonomy, is established in order to ensure application of the Banking Law and 
other relevant acts, to ensure that savings are protected and to carry out other activities as necessary by issuing 
regulations within the limits of the authority granted to it by the Banking Law. The BRSA is obliged and 
authorised to take and implement any decisions and measures in order to prevent any transaction or action that 
could jeopardise the rights of depositors and the regular and secure operation of banks and/or could lead to 
substantial damages to the national economy, as well as to ensure efficient functioning of the credit system.
The BRSA has responsibility for all banks operating in Türkiye, including development and investment banks 
(including the Bank), deposit banks, foreign banks and participation banks. The BRSA sets various mandatory 
ratios such as reserve levels, capital adequacy and liquidity ratios. In addition, all banks must provide the BRSA, 
on a regular and timely basis, information adequate to permit off-site analysis by the BRSA of such bank’s 
financial performance, including balance sheets, profit and loss accounts, board of directors’ reports and 
auditors’ reports. Under current practice, such reporting is required on a daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly and 
semi-annual basis, depending upon the nature of the information to be reported.
The BRSA conducts both on-site and off-site audits and supervises implementation of the provisions of the 
Banking Law and other legislation, examination of all banking operations and analysis of the relationship and 
balance between assets, receivables, equity capital, liabilities, profit and loss accounts and all other factors 
affecting a bank’s financial structure. The BRSA’s on-site supervision is conducted through a team of sworn 
bank auditors and other experts who are employed by the BRSA. In addition, the chairman of the BRSA has 
the authority to commission independent audit teams to examine specific matters within any bank that the 
chairman deems appropriate.
Pursuant to the Regulation regarding the Internal Systems and Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process 
of Banks, as issued by the BRSA and published in the Official Gazette dated 11 July 2014 and numbered 29057 
(the “ICAAP Regulation”) banks are obligated to establish, manage and develop (for themselves and all 
affiliates that they consolidate) internal audit, internal control and risk management systems commensurate with 
the scope and structure of their organisations, in compliance with the provisions of such regulation. Pursuant to 
such regulation, the internal audit and risk management systems are required to be vested in a department of 
the bank that has the necessary independence to accomplish its purpose and such department must report to the 
bank’s board of directors. To achieve this, according to the regulation, the internal control personnel cannot also 
be appointed to work in a role conflicting with their internal control duties. The ICAAP Regulation also requires 
banks to internally calculate the amount of capital required to cover the risks to which they are or may be 
exposed on a consolidated basis and with a forward-looking perspective, taking into account the bank’s near- 
and medium-term business and strategic plans. This process, referred to as the “Internal Capital Adequacy 
Assessment Process,” should be designed according to the bank’s needs and risk attitude and should constitute 
an integral part of the decision-making process and corporate culture of the bank. In this context, each bank is

--- Page 246 ---
246
required to prepare an internal capital adequacy assessment process report (the “ICAAP Report”) representing 
the bank’s own assessment of its capital requirements. An ICAAP Report is required to be submitted annually 
to the BRSA, together with the stress test analysis, the internal audit report on the internal capital adequacy 
assessment process and the model validation report by the end of March of the following year. The Board of a 
bank is responsible for maintenance of adequate equity to ensure establishment and implementation of the 
ICAAP Report.
The Role of the CBRT
The CBRT was founded in 1930 and performs the traditional functions of a central bank, including the issuance 
of bank notes, determining the exchange rate regime in Türkiye jointly with the government and to design and 
implement this regime, maintenance of price stability and continuity, regulation of the money supply, 
management of official gold and foreign exchange reserves, monitoring of the financial system and advising 
the government on financial matters. The CBRT exercises its powers independently of the government. The 
CBRT is empowered to determine the inflation target together with the government, and to adopt a monetary 
policy in compliance with such target. The CBRT is the only authorised and responsible institution for the 
implementation of such monetary policy.
The CBRT has responsibility for all banks operating in Türkiye, including development and investment banks 
(including the Bank) and foreign banks. The CBRT sets mandatory reserve levels. In addition, each bank must 
provide the CBRT, on a current basis, information adequate to permit off-site evaluation of its financial 
performance, including balance sheets, profit and loss accounts, board of directors’ reports and auditors’ reports. 
Under current practice, such reporting is required on a daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly and semi-annual basis 
depending upon the nature of the information to be reported.
Pursuant to amendments introduced to the Banking Law in 2020, the CBRT has been empowered to determine 
maximum interest rates for lending and deposit-taking activities of banks, as well as caps on fees, expenses and 
commissions charged by banks to their clients for any sort of activity. Furthermore, effective from 1 January 
2020, the CBRT has been designated as the new payment and e-money services watchdog of Türkiye, replacing 
the BRSA in accordance with the Law on the Payment Systems and Securities Settlement Systems, Payment 
Services and Electronic Money Institutions No. 6493.
Banks Association of Türkiye
The BAT is an organisation that provides limited supervision of and coordination among banks (excluding the 
participation banks) operating in Türkiye. All banks (excluding the participation banks) in Türkiye are obligated 
to become members of this association. As the representative body of the banking sector, the association aims 
to examine, protect and promote its members’ professional interests; however, despite its supervisory and 
disciplinary functions, it does not possess any powers to regulate banking.
Shareholdings
The direct or indirect acquisition by a person of shares that represent 10 per cent. or more of the share capital 
of any bank or the direct or indirect acquisition or disposition of such shares by a person if the total number of 
shares held by such person increases above or falls below 10 per cent., 20 per cent., 33 per cent. or 50 per cent. 
of the share capital of a bank, requires the permission of the Banking Regulation and Supervision Board (the 
“BRSB”) in order to preserve full voting and other shareholders’ rights associated with such shares. In addition, 
irrespective of the thresholds above, an assignment and transfer of privileged shares with the right to nominate 
a member to the board of directors or audit committee (or the issuance of new shares with such privileges) is 
also subject to the authorisation of the BRSB. In the absence of such authorisation, a holder of such thresholds 
of shares cannot be registered in the share register, which effectively deprives such shareholder of the ability to 
participate in shareholder meetings or to exercise voting or other shareholders’ rights with respect to the shares

--- Page 247 ---
247
but not of the right to collect dividends declared on such shares. Additionally, the acquisition or transfer of an 
amount of shares exceeding the above thresholds of legal persons who, directly or indirectly, own 10 per cent. 
or more of the capital of a bank are (under the terms and conditions mentioned above) subject to the permission 
of the BRSA. The BRSA’s permission may be given on the condition that the person who acquires the shares 
possesses the qualifications required for a founder of a bank. In a case in which such shares of a bank (including 
a development and investment bank such as the Bank) are transferred without the permission of the BRSA, the 
shareholder rights of the legal person stemming from these shares, other than the right to receive dividends, 
shall be exercised by the SDIF.
The board of directors of a bank is responsible for taking necessary measures to ascertain that shareholders 
attending general assemblies have obtained the applicable authorisations from the BRSB. If the BRSA 
determines that a shareholder has exercised voting or other shareholders’ rights (other than the right to collect 
dividends) without due authorisation as described in the preceding paragraph, then it is authorised to direct the 
Board of a bank to start the procedure to cancel such applicable general assembly resolutions (including by way 
of taking any necessary precautions concerning such banks within its authority under the Banking Law if such 
procedure has not been started yet). If the shares are obtained on the stock exchange, then the BRSA may also 
impose administrative fines on shareholders who exercise their rights or acquire or transfer shares as described 
in the preceding paragraph without authorisation by the BRSB. In the case that the procedure to cancel such 
general assembly resolutions is not yet started, or such transfer of shares is not deemed appropriate by the BRSA 
even though the procedure to cancel such general assembly resolutions is started, then, upon the notification of 
the BRSA, the SDIF has the authority to exercise such voting and other shareholders’ rights (other than the right 
to collect dividends and priority rights) attributable to such shareholder.
Lending Limits
The Banking Law and the following regulations which entered into force on 1 January 2024 prepared by the 
BRSA in connection with for full compliance with Basel III standards with respect to the supervisory framework 
for measuring and controlling large exposures standard, namely the Regulation on Loan Transactions of Banks 
published in the Official Gazette dated 21 December 2023 and numbered 32406 (repealing the Regulation on 
Loan Transactions of Banks published in the Official Gazette dated 1 November 20006 and numbered 26333) 
(the “Regulation on Loan Transactions of Banks”) and the Regulation on Determination of Risk Groups and 
Loan Limits published in the Official Gazette dated 21 December 2023 and numbered 32406 (the “Regulation 
on Risk Groups and Loan Limits”) set out certain lending limits for banks and other financial institutions 
designed to protect those institutions from excessive exposure to any one counterparty (or group of related 
counterparties), in particular:

Credits extended to a natural person, a legal entity or a risk group (as defined under Article 49 of the 
Banking Law) in the amounts of 10 per cent. or more of a bank’s shareholders’ equity are classified as 
large credits and the total of such credits cannot be more than eight times the bank’s shareholders’ equity. 
In this context, credits include cash credits and non-cash credits such as letters of guarantee, counter 
guarantees, sureties, avals, endorsements and acceptances extended by a bank, bonds and similar capital 
market instruments purchased by it, loans (whether deposits or other), receivables arising from the future 
sales of assets, overdue cash credits, accrued but not collected interest, amounts of non-cash credits 
converted into cash and futures and options and other similar contracts, partnership interests and 
shareholding interests.

The Banking Law restricts the total financial exposure (including extension of credits, issuance of 
guarantees, etc.) that a bank may have to any one customer or a risk group directly or indirectly to 25 
per cent. of its equity capital. In calculating such limit, a credit extended to a partnership is deemed to 
be extended to the partners in proportion to their liabilities. A risk group is defined as an individual, his

--- Page 248 ---
248
or her spouse and children and partnerships in which any one of such persons is a member of a Board or 
general manager as well as partnerships that are directly or indirectly controlled by any one of such 
persons, either individually or jointly with third parties, or in which any one of such persons participate 
with unlimited liability. In addition, when determining risk groups, loan customers’ economic 
dependency with each other will also be considered. As per Article 5 of the Regulation on Risk Groups 
and Loan Limits, while determining the risk groups including natural persons or legal entities whose risk 
amount exceed 5 per cent. of the bank’s Tier I capital as a result of the assessment made on a consolidated 
and unconsolidated basis, whether such customers are economically dependent on other customers 
should analysed based on the following criteria. For other loan customers who do not exceed the said 5 
per cent. threshold, the same criteria can be taken into account:

50 per cent. or more of the customer's annual gross revenues or annual gross expenses being 
generated from transactions with another customer;

the customer being liable, partially or wholly, for the debts of another customer as a guarantor, 
surety or in another way, and the risk to be large enough to cause the customer to default when 
required to pay;

a significant portion of the goods or services produced by a customer being sold to another 
customer and the purchaser not being easily substituted;

multiple customers having the same source of income to repay their debts to the bank and that 
there are no other sources of income enabling them to repay their debts in full;

a customer's financial difficulty being such degree to potentially prevent another customer to 
satisfy its obligations on time and in full;

the default or insolvency of a customer being capable of leading to the default or insolvency of 
another customer; and

the majority of the funds of more than one customer being provided from the same source and 
there being no alternative funder in case of default of that funder.
If the customers’ economic dependency is two-ways as per the fourth and seventh bullets above, such 
customers are included in the same risk group. However, regarding the remaining criteria which are one-
way, such customers are not required to be included in the same risk group, provided that there are no 
other relationship that would necessitate them to be included in the same risk group.

Furthermore, in the case of a bank, excluding the partnerships in which participation banks and 
development and investment banks participate to provide interest-free financing, its shareholders 
holding 10 per cent. or more of the bank’s voting rights or the right to nominate board members, its 
board members, general manager and partnerships directly or indirectly, individually or jointly, 
controlled by any of these persons or a partnership in which these persons participate with unlimited 
liability or in which these persons act as members of the Board or general managers constitute a risk 
group, for which the lending limits are reduced to 20 per cent. of a bank’s equity capital, subject to the 
BRSB’s discretion to increase such lending limits up to 25 per cent. or to lower it to the legal limit. Real 
and legal persons having surety, guarantee or similar relationships where the insolvency of one is likely 
to lead to the insolvency of the other are included in the applicable risk groups. Moreover, customers 
who are under the control of or economically dependent on central management, central banks or 
governmental institutions which are subject to the same risk weight as receivables from central 
managements in accordance with the 2015 Capital Adequacy Regulation are not required to be 
considered in the same risk group merely because of such relationship, provided that there is no other

--- Page 249 ---
249
relationship between those customers requiring them to be considered in the same risk group. In addition, 
to be on an exceptional basis and if the bank determines (a) with regard to the risk group of individuals, 
partnerships and banks, the existence of special circumstances or protective corporate governance 
practices in relation to persons who are required to be in the same risk group; and (b) with regard to 
persons who are required to be in the same risk group because of their economic dependence that one 
party will not be affected by the default or financial difficulties of the other party by finding new sources 
of funds or business partners; such persons are not required to be in the same risk group. In such case, 
relevant information and documents must be made available for audit.

Loans made available to a bank’s controlling shareholders or registered shareholders holding more than 
1 per cent. of the share capital of the bank and their risk groups may not exceed 50 per cent. of the bank’s 
capital equity.
Non-cash loans, futures and option contracts and other similar contracts, avals, guarantees and suretyships, 
transactions carried out with credit institutions and other financial institutions, transactions carried out with the 
central governments, central banks and banks of the countries accredited with the BRSA, as well as bills, bonds 
and similar capital market instruments issued or guaranteed to be paid by them, and transactions carried out 
pursuant to such guarantees are all taken into account for the purpose of calculation of loan limits within the 
framework of principles and ratios set by the BRSA.
The BRSA determines the permissible ratio of non-cash loans, futures and options, other similar transactions, 
avals, acceptances, guarantees and sureties, bills of exchange, bonds and other similar capital markets 
instruments issued or guaranteed by, and credit and other financial instruments and other contracts entered into 
with, governments, central banks and banks of the countries accredited with the BRSA for the purpose of 
calculation of loan limits.
Pursuant to Article 55 of the Banking Law, the following transactions are exempt from the above-mentioned 
lending limits:

transactions against cash, cash like assets and accounts and precious metals;

transactions carried out with the Turkish Treasury, CBRT, Privatisation Administration and the Mass 
Housing Administration of Türkiye, Türkiye’s sovereign wealth fund (Türkiye Varlık Fonu) and its 
management company (Türkiye Varlık Fonu Yönetimi A.Ş.) as well as the transactions carried out against 
bills, bonds and similar securities issued or guaranteed by these institutions;

transactions carried out with the CBRT and in legally organised money markets;

in case of new credit allocations, valuations prompted by the changes in currency rates in credits 
denominated or indexed to foreign currencies, and interests, profit shares and other such issues accrued 
on overdue credits;

bonus shares (scrip issues) received as a result of capital increases, and any increase in the value of 
shares not requiring any fund outflow;

interbank operations within the framework of the principles set out by the BRSA;

shares acquired within the framework of underwriting services for public offering activities provided 
that such shares are disposed of in the time and manner determined by the BRSA;

transactions considered as “deductibles” in the shareholders’ equity account; and

other transactions to be determined by the BRSA.

--- Page 250 ---
250
Pursuant to Article 77 of the Banking Law, investment and development banks (including the Bank) are not 
subject to the lending limits and its exceptions mentioned above, however, as per Article 17 of the Regulation 
on Risk Groups and Loan Limits such banks shall be subject to the provisions regarding determining the risk 
groups and economic dependency.
In addition, on 21 February 2020, BRSA introduced a requirement to obtain and maintain credit rating notes 
from authorised credit rating agencies for Turkish companies with an annual gross revenue equal to or above 
TRY 500,000,000; by no later than 30 June 2021 in order to be able to borrow loans from local banks. BRSA 
changed this requirement on 10 September 2020 as applicable to Turkish borrowers whose aggregate exposure 
to the Turkish banking sector (based on the data maintained at the risk centre of the BAT) is equal to or above 
TRY 500,000,000. BRSA requires these ratings to be updated on an annual basis (and upon occurrence of certain 
material events) and a summary report in respect of the borrower to be prepared by authorised credit rating 
agencies. On 27 May 2021, the BRSA further amended the implementation of this application due to the effects 
of the COVID-19 pandemic, and announced that Turkish borrowers who are required to obtain a credit rating 
note may continue to utilise loans until 31 December 2021 provided that they have executed an agreement with 
a licensed credit rating agency until 31 August 2021 and submit their rating note on the date of the first 
disbursement. Once again on 16 September 2021, the BRSA further amended the implementation of this 
application due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, and announced that the date for executing an 
agreement with a licensed credit rating agency determined as 31 August 2021 will be extended to 31 December 
2021; however, the companies which will become subject to this credit rating note obligation after 31 December 
2021, will be obliged to submit a document indicating that the rating process by a licenced rating agency is 
initiated at the date of the loan application. In addition, for utilisation of loans by foreign residents, the credit 
rating note obligation will not be applied provided that they submit a credit note rated by any eligible external 
credit assessment institutions (namely Fitch, S&P, Moody’s, Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd., DbRS Ratings 
Ltd. and, as of 12 January 2017, International Islamic Rating Agency). On 6 January 2022, the BRSA announced 
that the companies which will become subject to the credit rating note obligation for borrowing loans (regardless 
of the date under which they become subject to the credit rating note obligation) are obligated to submit a valid 
rating note or a document indicating that the rating process by a licenced rating agency is initiated at the date 
of the loan application. However, due to the two earthquakes with a magnitude of 7.7 and 7.6 (respectively) on 
the Richter scale that occurred in Kahramanmaraş on 6 February 2023 and affected 10 different cities, on 10 
February 2023 the BRSA announced that the banks may not request credit rating notes from obliged companies 
which are affected by the earthquakes, subject to the banks’ own discretion. In addition, on 23 February 2023, 
the BRSA announced that such provisional measure shall also be applied to the disaster areas effective in general 
life which shall be determined pursuant to the criteria regulated under the Regulation on the Basic Rules 
Regarding the Effectiveness of Disasters to General Life.
Loan Loss Reserves
Pursuant to Article 53 of the Banking Law, banks must formulate, implement and regularly review policies 
regarding compensation for losses that have arisen or are likely to arise in connection with loans and other 
receivables and to reserve an adequate level of provisions against impairment in the value of other loans, for 
qualification and classification of loans, receipt of guarantees and securities and measurement of their value 
and reliability. In addition, such policies must address issues such as monitoring loans, writing down loans 
according to TFRS and repaying loans (including repayments through restructuring). Banks must also establish 
and operate systems to perform these functions. All special provisions set aside for loans in accordance with 
this article are considered expenditures deductible from the corporate tax base in the year they are set aside.
Loans that are written down due to becoming uncollectable after reserving private provisions are considered as 
uncollectible receivables within the scope of Tax Procedure Law. Procedures relating to loan loss reserves for

--- Page 251 ---
251
non-performing loans are set out in Article 53 of the Banking Law and in regulations issued by the BRSA. The 
Regulation on Procedures and Principles for Determination of Qualifications of Loans and Other Receivables 
by Banks and Provisions to be Set Aside published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 on 1 November 2006 was 
replaced by the Provisioning Regulation issued by the BRSA to ensure compliance with the requirements of 
IFRS and the Financial Sector Assessment Program (a joint programme of the International Monetary Fund and 
the World Bank). The Provisioning Regulation requires banks to have adopted Turkish Financial Reporting 
Standards 9, which is the IFRS 9 compliant financial reporting standards of Türkiye, by the end of 2017 unless 
an exemption is granted by the BRSA. Under the Provisioning Regulation, from 1 January 2018 banks are still 
required to classify their loans and receivables into groups, but there are certain changes in the criteria of the 
groups. Group classification and provision levels for periods before and after 1 January 2018 are not directly 
comparable. Pursuant to the Provisioning Regulation, from 1 January 2018 banks are required to classify their 
loans and receivables into one of the following groups:
Group I: Loans of a Standard Nature and Other Receivables: This group involves loans (which, for purposes 
of the Provisioning Regulation, includes other receivables, and shall be understood as such elsewhere in this 
section):

that has been disbursed to financially creditworthy natural persons and legal entities with financial 
creditworthiness;

the principal and interest payments of which have been structured according to the solvency and cash 
flow of the debtor;

repayments of which have been made within due dates or have not been overdue for more than 30 days, 
for which no repayment problems are expected in the future, and that have the ability to be collected in 
full without recourse to any security;

for which no weakening of the creditworthiness of the applicable debtor has been found; and

to which 12 months expected credit loss reserve applies under TFRS 9.
The terms of a bank’s loans and receivables monitored in this group may be modified if such loans and 
receivables continue to have the conditions envisioned for this group.
On 27 March 2020 (with retroactive effect from 17 March 2020), the BRSA (as part of the measures taken 
against the impacts of the COVID 19 pandemic) announced a temporary rule (effective until 31 December 
2020) replacing “0 days” as referred above with “90 days”, resulting in loans remaining categorised as Group I 
loans longer and then moving into Group into Group II loans at 90 days. On 8 December 2020, the BRSA 
extended this temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which (on 17 June 2021) was then further extended through 
30 September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of this 
temporary rule on 30 September 2021: (a) it would still apply to loans that were overdue for more than 31 days 
but less than 91 days on 1 October 2021, such that these loans will continue to be classified as Group I loans 
for a period equal in length to the difference between 91 days and the number of days overdue on 1 October 
2021; however, if such a loan continues to be overdue following the end date of such period, then it would cease 
to benefit from this temporary rule and would be classified subject to the Provisioning Regulation, and (b) loans 
that were overdue for 31 days or less on 1 October 2021 will not benefit from this temporary rule and were to 
be classified subject to the Provisioning Regulation on 1 October 2021.
Group II: Closely Monitored Loans. This group involves loans:

that have been disbursed to natural persons and legal entities with financial creditworthiness and where 
negative changes in the debtor’s solvency or cash flow were observed or predicted due to adverse events

--- Page 252 ---
252
in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates, or other adverse events solely 
related to the respective debtor;

that need to be closely monitored due to reasons such as significant financial risk carried by the debtor 
at the time of the utilisation of the loan;

in connection with which problems are likely to occur as to principal and/or interest payments in 
accordance with the conditions of the loan agreement, and where the failure to resolve such problems 
may result in risk of non-collection in full without recourse to any security;

where although the credit standing of the debtor has not weakened in comparison with its credit standing 
on the day the loan is granted, there is likelihood of a weakening due to the debtor’s irregular and 
unmanageable cash flow;

the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which are overdue for more than 30 but less than 
90 days following its payment due date (including the maturity date) for reasons that cannot be 
interpreted as a weakening in credit standing;

in connection with which the credit risk of the debtor has notably increased pursuant to TFRS 9;

the repayments of which are fully dependent upon security and the net realisable value of such security 
falls under the receivable amount;

that has been subject to restructuring when monitored under Group I or Group II without being able to 
be classified as an NPL; or

that have been subject to restructuring while being monitored as an NPL and classified as a performing 
loan upon satisfaction of the relevant conditions stated in the regulation.
On 27 March 2020 (with retroactive effect from 17 March 2020), the BRSA (as part of the measures taken 
against the impacts of the COVID 19 pandemic) announced a temporary rule (effective until 31 December 
2020) replacing “30 days” as referred above with “90 days”, resulting in loans remaining categorised as Group I 
loans longer and then moving into Group II loans at 90 days. On 8 December 2020, the BRSA extended this 
temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which (on 17 June 2021) was then further extended through 30 September 
2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of this temporary rule 
on 30 September 2021, however, the rule would continue to apply to loans that were overdue for more than 31 
days but less than 91 days on1 October 2021, such that these loans will continue to be classified as Group I 
loans for a period equal in length to the difference between 91 days and the number of days overdue on 1 
October 2021; however, if such a loan continues to be overdue following the end date of such period, then it 
would cease to benefit from this temporary rule and would be classified subject to the 2016 Provisioning 
Regulation, and (b) loans that were overdue for 31 days or less on 1 October 2021 will not benefit from this 
temporary rule and were to be classified subject to the Provisioning Regulation on 1 October 2021.
Group III: Loans with Limited Collection Possibility. This group involves loans and other receivables:

in connection with which the debtor’s creditworthiness has weakened;

that demonstrate limited possibility for the collection of the full amount without recourse to any security 
due to the insufficiency of net realisable value of the security or the debtor’s equity to meet the repayment 
of the full amount on the due date, and that would likely result in losses in case such problems are not 
resolved;

for which the collection of the principal and interest (or both) of which has/have been delayed for more 
than 90 days but not more than 180 days from payment the due date;

--- Page 253 ---
253

where the bank is of the opinion that collection of the principal or interest of the loan or both will be 
delayed for more than 90 days from the payment due date owing to reasons such as the debtor’s 
difficulties in financing working capital or in creating additional liquidity as a result of adverse events 
in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates or other adverse events solely 
related to the debtor; or

that have been classified as a performing loan after restructuring but principal and/or interest payments 
of which have been overdue for more than 30 days within one year of a restructuring or have been subject 
to another restructuring within such one year of the previous restructuring.
On 17 March 2020, the BRSA (as part of the measures taken against the impacts of the COVID 19 pandemic) 
implemented a temporary rule (effective until 31 December 2020) replacing “90 days” as referred above with 
“180 days”, resulting in loans remaining categorised as Group II loans longer. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the temporary rule does not provide any guidance as to classification of loans with payment delays 
of more than 180 days; however, it might be the case that such loans would bypass Group III and become Group 
IV loans. This temporary rule also suspended the application of the fifth bullet point above through 31 
December 2020. On 8 December 2020, the BRSA extended this temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which (on 
17 June 2021) was then further extended through 30 September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA 
announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of this temporary rule on 30 September 2021: (a) it would still 
apply to loans that were overdue for more than 91 days but less than 181 days as of 1 October 2021, such that 
these loans will not become NPLs but be classified as Group II loans for a period equal in length to the difference 
between 181 days and the number of overdue days on 1 October 2021; however, if such a loan continues to be 
overdue following the end date of such period, then it would cease to benefit from this temporary rule and 
would be classified subject to the Provisioning Regulation, and (b) loans that were overdue for less than 180 
days but more than 91 days on 1 October 2021 would also benefit from this temporary rule such that these loans 
will continue to be classified as Group II loans for a period equal in length to the difference between 91 days 
and the number of days overdue on 1 October 2021; however, if such a loan continues to be overdue following 
the end date of such period, then it would cease to benefit from this temporary rule and would be classified 
subject to the Provisioning Regulation.
Group IV: Loans with Suspicious Recovery. This group involves loans:

the principal and/or interest payments of which will probably not be collected in full under the terms of 
the loan agreement without recourse to any security

where the debtor’s creditworthiness has significantly deteriorated, but which loan is not yet considered 
as an actual loss by virtue of contribution expected from factors such as merger, the possibility of finding 
new financing or a capital increase to the debtor’s creditworthiness and the collection possibility of the 
credit;

the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue for more than 180 days 
but less than one year following any payment due date (including the maturity date); or

the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which is expected to be overdue for more than 
180 days following any payment due date (including the maturity date) as a result of adverse events in 
macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates or adverse events solely related 
to the debtor.
Group V: Loans Having the Nature of Loss. This group involves loans:

for which, as a result of the complete loss of the debtor’s creditworthiness, no collection is expected or 
only a negligible part of the total receivable amount is expected to be collected;

--- Page 254 ---
254

although having the characteristics stated in Groups III and IV, the collection of the total receivable 
amount of which, albeit due and payable, is unlikely within a period exceeding one year; or

the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue for more than one year 
following its payment due date.
On 6 July 2021, the BRSA amended the Provisioning Regulation such that the portion of the loans classified in 
Group V, for which loans allowance for credit losses expected throughout their life or special provisions have 
been set out, and, in respect of which portion there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, is to be written-off 
under TFRS 9 after the first reporting period (interim period or year-end reporting period) following their 
classification in Group V, within a period deemed appropriate by the bank specific to the circumstances of the 
relevant debtor. Accordingly, such bank must set out such period with justifications and have it available for 
inspection.
Pursuant to Provisioning Regulation, loans: (a) that are classified under Groups III, IV and V, (b) the debtors of 
which are deemed to have defaulted pursuant to the Communiqué on the Calculation of Principal Subject to 
Credit Risk by Internal-Ratings Based Approaches (published in the Official Gazette dated 23 October 2015 
and numbered 29511) or (c) to which, as a result of debtor’s default, the lifetime expected credit loss reserve 
applies under TFRS 9, are classified as NPLs. Financial guarantees are also classified as NPLs on the basis of 
their nominal amounts in case where: (i) a risk of a compensation claim by the creditor has occurred or (ii) the 
debt assumed under the relevant financial guarantee falls within the scope of any of the circumstances stated in 
limbs (a), (b) or (c) above. If several loans have been extended to a debtor by the same bank and any of these 
loans is classified as an NPL, then all other loans extended to such debtor by such bank shall also be classified 
as NPLs; however, for consumer loans, even if any of these loans are classified as an NPL, other consumer 
loans granted to the same debtor may be classified in the respective applicable group other than Group I. If 
loans extended to a debtor are classified as an NPL, the creditworthiness of other debtors within the same risk 
group with that debtor should be evaluated at the date of classification as NPL of that debtor’s loans. 
Accordingly, the loans extended to such other debtors should also be classified as an NPL if such loans fall 
within the scope of any of the circumstances stated in limbs (a), (b) or (c) above.
Pursuant to the Regulation on Loan Transactions of Banks, banks whose gross NPLs are equal to or exceed 0.5 
per cent. of the total gross NPLs in the Turkish banking sector are required to implement a resolution mechanism 
and operational plans regarding restructured loans and NPLs and send such strategies and plans to the BRSA 
each year until end of March. On 27 November 2019, the BRSA published an amendment to the Provisioning 
Regulation which entered into force on the same date. The amendment is effective from 19 July 2019. According 
to the amendment, if the portion of loans for which a lifelong expected loan loss provision or a special provision 
has been set aside due to the debtor’s default, and which are classified under Group V, are not reasonably 
expected to be recovered; such portion of loans may be written down within the scope of TFRS 9 as of the first 
reporting period (i.e. interim period or year-end reporting period) following their classification under Group V. 
On 6 July 2021, the BRSA further amended the Provisioning Regulation, pursuant to which banks are allowed 
to write-down such portion/loan within a period that is deemed appropriate by the bank, provided that the banks 
justify and record the relevant time period and have the relevant documents available for audit. 
The Provisioning Regulation includes detailed rules and criteria in relation to concepts of the “reclassification” 
and “restructuring” of loans. As for the reclassification of loans, banks are required to evaluate whether such 
loans should be reclassified under different groups. This evaluation must be made at least once during each 
three-month financial statement term or (irrespective of this period) upon developments in macroeconomic 
circumstances or the sector which pose risk on the debtor’s performance of its obligations. Such evaluation 
shall be conducted independently from the credit and risk analysis made at the time of the extension of the loan.

--- Page 255 ---
255
The reclassification of NPLs as performing loans is subject to the following conditions: (a) all overdue 
repayments that have caused the relevant loan to be classified as NPL have been collected in full without any 
recourse to any security, (b) as at the date of the reclassification, there has not been any overdue repayment and 
the last two repayments preceding such date (except the repayments mentioned in clause (a)) have been realised 
in full by their due date, and (c) conditions for such loans to be classified under Group I or II have been fulfilled. 
Furthermore, loans that have been fully or partially excluded from the assets of the banks, security for which 
has been enforced to satisfy the debt or repayment of which has been made in kind, cannot be classified as a 
performing loan.
The restructuring of a loan is defined as a privilege to a debtor who faces or would probably face financial 
difficulties in relation to the repayment of the loan. These privileges consist of: (a) amendments to the conditions 
of the loan agreement or (b) partial or full refinancing of the loan. In this respect, an NPL may be reclassified 
as a restructured loan under Group II subject to the following conditions: (i) upon evaluation of the financial 
standing of the debtor, it has been determined that the conditions for the applicable loan to be classified as an 
NPL have disappeared, (ii) the loan has been monitored as an NPL at least for one year following restructuring, 
(iii) as at the date of reclassification as a Group II loan, there has not been any delay in principal and/or interest 
payments nor is there any expectation of any such delay in the future, and (iv) overdue payments and/or 
principal payments excluded from assets in relation to the restructured loan have been collected. Furthermore, 
such restructured NPL being reclassified as a performing Group II loan may be excluded from the scope of the 
restructuring if all the following conditions are met: (A) such loan has been monitored as a restructured loan 
under Group II at least for one year, (B) at least 10 per cent. of the outstanding debt amount has been repaid 
during such one-year monitoring period, (C) there has not been any delay of more than 30 days in principal 
and/or interest payments of any loan extended to the applicable debtor during such monitoring period and (D) 
the financial difficulty that led to the restructuring of the loan no longer exists.
On 6 July 2021, the BRSA introduced amendments to the Provisioning Regulation, pursuant to which banks 
are required to evaluate the repayment capacity of the debtor before restructuring the loan and restructure the 
loan to the extent that it is determined by this evaluation that the debtor has appropriate capacity to repay the 
loan.
Pursuant to the Provisioning Regulation, the general rule is that banks shall apply provisions for their loans 
pursuant to TFRS 9; however, the BRSA may, on an exceptional basis, authorise a bank to apply the applicable 
provisions set forth in the Provisioning Regulation instead of those required by TFRS 9, subject to the presence 
of detailed and acceptable grounds. With respect to the requirements under TFRS 9, “twelve-months expected 
credit loss reserve” and “lifetime expected credit loss reserve set aside due to significant increase in credit risk 
profile of the debtor” are considered as general provisions while “lifetime expected credit loss reserve set aside 
due to debtor’s default” is considered a special provision. A Group II Loan which has been subject to 
restructuring can be reclassified as a Group I Loan by banks who adopted TFRS 9 provided that (i) such loan 
has been monitored for at least three months, (ii) there has not been a delay more than thirty days in repayment 
of the loan and (iii) the financial difficulties causing the restructuring of the loan have been solved.
Banks that have been authorised not to apply provisions under TFRS 9 are required to determine their general 
and special provisions in accordance with Articles 10 and 11 of the Provisioning Regulation. In this respect, 
such banks shall set aside general provisions for at least 1.5 per cent. and 3.0 per cent. of their total cash loans 
portfolio under Groups I and II, respectively. For non-cash loans, undertakings and derivatives, general 
provisions to be set aside shall be calculated by applying the foregoing percentages to the risk-weighted amounts 
determined pursuant to the 2015 Capital Adequacy Regulation (as defined below). Subject to the presence of a 
written pledge or assignment agreement, loans secured with cash, deposit, participation funds and gold deposit 
accounts, bonds that are issued by the Turkish government and the CBRT and guarantees and sureties provided 
by such are not subject to the general set aside calculation. Loans extended to the Turkish government and the

--- Page 256 ---
256
CBRT are not to be considered in such calculation. As to special provisions, banks are required to comply with 
provision rules for NPLs under Groups III, IV and V of at least 20 per cent., 50 per cent., and 100 per cent., 
respectively.
For both general provisions and special provisions, banks are required to consider country risks and transfer 
risks. In addition, the BRSA may increase such provision requirements for certain banks or loans taking into 
account the concentration, from time to time, of matters such as the size, type, due date, currency, interest 
structure, sector to which loans are extended, geographic circumstances, security and the credit risk level and 
management.
Pursuant to the Provisioning Regulation, the main principles, among others, with regard to collateral that the 
banks must consider are as follows:

The banks can benefit from collateral to minimise the risk that they are exposed to. However, the 
transactions must be made by primarily taking into account the repayment capacity of the debtor. The 
collateral provided to the bank must not cause an inaccuracy in the effective evaluation of a client;

The banks must set forth its collateral management principles and procedures in writing;

Legal validity and form of the collateral must be examined prior to the establishment of the collateral. 
In addition, the following criteria regarding the underlying asset must also be taken into consideration:

Easy determinability or measurability and a reasonable justification of market value;

Marketability and whether there is a spot market for the disposal of the asset;

Whether there is a right attached to the asset preventing or restricting its liquidation; and

Systems required for the management of the asset must be in place;

Banks must ensure that the collateral is legally valid and the collateral agreement is fully binding;

Collateralisation of the asset other than those within the scope of the loan conditions must be included 
in the loan files together with the information on the reason for such collateralisation;

The collateral must be assessed by persons having sufficient information and expertise. Further, adequate 
measures to keep the information of market conditions up-to-date must be taken;

Collateral which is easy to liquidate must be preferred for collateralisation. Also, conformity of currency 
between the loan and the collateral and price volatility of the asset must be taken into consideration;

The banks must ensure that relevant units will be able to monitor collateral through a system;

Collateral must be limited and monitored to avoid any concentration risk; and

Collateral must be periodically reported to relevant management units.
Regarding the monitoring of security by the banks that have been authorised not to apply provisions under 
TFRS 9, the Provisioning Regulation increased the number of categories on collaterals (from four to five), 
amended the content of such categories, and amended the proportions to be deducted, in order to determine the 
net realisable values of the collaterals, from the borrower’s NPLs as follows:
Category
Discount
Rate
(%)

--- Page 257 ---
257
Category
Discount
Rate
Category I collateral ..................................................................................................................
100
Category II collateral ................................................................................................................
80
Category III collateral ...............................................................................................................
60
Category IV collateral ...............................................................................................................
40
Category V collateral ................................................................................................................
20
In case the value of the collateral exceeds the amount of the NPL, the above-mentioned rates of consideration 
are applied only to the portion of the collateral that is equal to the amount of the NPL. Furthermore, according 
to the amendments to the Equity Regulation (as defined below) and the 2015 Capital Adequacy Regulation 
(defined below), general provisions are no longer be allowed to be included in the supplementary capital (i.e., 
Tier 2 capital) of Turkish banks and are deducted from their risk-weighted assets. However, on 24 December 
2021, the BRSA revoked these amendments from 1 January 2022. As such, these general provisions are 
currently included in supplementary capital and are not deducted from a bank’s risk-weighted assets.
Capital Adequacy
Article 45 of the Banking Law defines “Capital Adequacy” as having adequate equity against losses that could 
arise from the risks encountered. Pursuant to the same article, banks must calculate, achieve, perpetuate and 
report their capital adequacy ratio, which, within the framework of the BRSA’s regulations, cannot be less than 
8 per cent.
The BRSA is authorised to increase the minimum capital adequacy ratio and the minimum consolidated capital 
adequacy ratio, to set different ratios for each bank and to revise the calculation and notification periods, but 
must consider each bank’s internal systems as well as its asset and financial structures. Both the minimum total 
capital adequacy ratio and the minimum consolidated capital adequacy ratio for the Group as required by the 
BRSA is 8 per cent. (as at the date of the Base Prospectus). In addition, as a prudential requirement, the BRSA 
requires a target capital adequacy ratio that is 4 per cent. higher than the legal capital ratio of 8 per cent. (i.e., 
12 per cent.).
In order to implement the rules of the report titled “A Global Regulatory Framework for More Resilient Banks 
and Banking Systems” published by the Basel Committee in December 2010 and revised in June 2011 (i.e., 
Basel III) into the applicable law in Türkiye, the Regulation on Equities of Banks (the “Equity Regulation”) 
and amendments to the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of the Capital Adequacy of Banks, 
which entered into force on 1 July 2012 (the “2012 Capital Adequacy Regulation”) were published in the 
Official Gazette dated 5 September 2013, numbered 28756 and entered into force on 1 January 2014 and the 
Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of the Capital Adequacy of Banks was published the Official 
Gazette dated 23 October 2015, numbered 29511 and entered into force on 31 March 2016 (the “2015 Capital 
Adequacy Regulation”) replacing the 2012 Capital Adequacy Regulation. The Equity Regulation defines the 
capital of a bank as the sum of: (a) principal capital (i.e., Tier 1 capital), which is composed of core capital (i.e., 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital) and additional principal capital (i.e., additional Tier 1 capital) and (b) 
supplementary capital (i.e., Tier 2 capital) minus capital deductions. Pursuant to the 2015 Capital Adequacy 
Regulation (as so amended): (i) both the minimum core capital adequacy ratio and the minimum consolidated 
core capital adequacy ratio are 4.5 per cent. and (ii) both the minimum Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and the 
minimum consolidated Tier 1 capital ratio are 6.0 per cent.

--- Page 258 ---
258
The BRSA published several new regulations and communiqués or amendments to its existing regulations and 
communiqués (as published in the Official Gazette No. 29511 dated 23 October 2015 and No. 29599 dated 20 
January 2016) in accordance with the Basel Committee’s RCAP, which is conducted by the BIS with a view to 
ensure Türkiye’s compliance with Basel regulations. These amendments, which entered into force on 31 March 
2016, included revisions to the Equity Regulation and the 2015 Capital Adequacy Regulation. The 2015 Capital 
Adequacy Regulation maintained the capital adequacy ratios introduced by the former regulation but changes 
the risk weights of certain items. According to such regulation, only Turkish Lira-denominated claims against 
the CBRT continue to be subject to a preferential treatment of 0 per cent. risk weight, whereas the risk weights 
of foreign currency-denominated claims against the CBRT in the form of required reserves were increased from 
0 per cent. to 50 per cent. On 16 April 2020, the BRSA published a decision that enables banks to use a 0 per 
cent. risk weight for foreign currency required reserves in the CBRT.
The 2015 Capital Adequacy Regulation also lowered the risk weights of certain assets and credit conversion 
factors, including reducing: (a) the risk weights of residential mortgage loans from 50 per cent. to 35 per cent. 
(as per the BRSA decision dated 24 August 2023, if the consumer, their spouse or their children under the age 
of 18 owns at least one property, the risk weights of such residential mortgage loans shall be 150 per cent.), (b) 
the risk weights of consumer loans (excluding residential mortgage loans) qualifying as retail loans (perakende 
alacaklar) in accordance with the Capital Adequacy Regulation and instalment payments of credit cards from a 
range of 100 per cent. to 250 per cent. (depending upon their outstanding tenor) to 75 per cent. (irrespective of 
their tenor) (however on 31 July 2023, the BRSA increased the risk weighting for consumer credit cards 
(including cash withdrawals and spendings) and consumer cash loans (excluding mortgage loans and including 
overdraft accounts) issued after 31 July 2023 to 150 per cent.); provided that such receivables are not 
reclassified as NPLs, and (c) the credit conversion factors of commitments for credit cards and overdrafts from 
20 per cent. to 0 per cent. As of 7 February 2017, the BRSA published a decision that enables banks to use 0 
per cent. risk weightings for Turkish Lira-denominated exposures guaranteed by the CGF and supported by the 
Turkish Treasury. As at 7 February 2017, the BRSA published a decision that enables banks to use 0 per cent. 
risk weightings for Turkish Lira-denominated exposures guaranteed by the CGF and supported by the Turkish 
Treasury. 
On 21 December 2021, the BRSA announced that banks shall (if using this approach) use the average of the 
CBRT’s foreign exchange buying rates during the 252 business days ending on 31 December 2021 and on 28 
April 2022, the BRSA amended this rule so that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use 
the CBRT’s foreign exchange buying rates as at 31 December 2021 in certain capital and other calculations and 
on 31 January 2023 the BRSA further amended this rule so that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, 
banks may use the CBRT’s foreign exchange buying rates as at 30 December 2022 in such calculations; further, 
on 12 December 2023, the BRSA further amended this rule so that, (i) starting as of 1 January 2024, banks may 
use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 26 June 2023 in such calculations); (ii) until 30 June 
2021, banks may calculate the equity amount for the capital adequacy ratio calculation under the Equity 
Regulation by disregarding the negative net valuation differences related to the securities held in their 
‘Securities whose fair value difference is reflected on other comprehensive income portfolio’ as at 23 March 
2020 (as per its decision dated 21 December 2021 which ended the suspension other than for the “securities 
whose fair value difference is reflected in other comprehensive income” were negative as of 21 December 2021 
(for “securities after 21 December 2021 whose fair value difference is reflected in other comprehensive 
income,” the relevant provisions of the Equity Regulation will continue to be implemented)); (iii) banks may 
calculate their net foreign currency position by disregarding the value decrease in the securities they held in 
their portfolio as at 23 March 2020 until 30 June 2021. The BRSA lifted the measures stated as (ii) and (iii) 
above on 30 June 2021. Then, as per its decision dated 21 December 2021, ended the suspension other than for 
the “securities whose fair value difference is reflected in other comprehensive income” were negative as of 
21 December 2021 however, as per its decision dated 12 December 2023, the BRSA further decided that in case

--- Page 259 ---
259
of securities whose fair value difference is reflected in other comprehensive income as negative as of 1 January 
2024, such difference may be disregarded in the calculation of the capital used in capital adequacy ratio 
calculations (the relevant provisions of the Regulation on Banks’ Equity will continue to be implemented for 
securities obtained after 1 January 2024 whose fair value difference is reflected in other comprehensive 
income).
On 28 April 2022, the BRSA increased the risk-weights applicable to commercial cash loans provided after 1 
May 2022 from a range of 20 to 150 per cent. to 200 per cent. provided that the following are excluded: (a) 
loans provided to SMEs, financial institutions and/or certain governmental authorities and their subsidiaries 
and (b) export and investment loans, agricultural loans and corporate credit cards. However, on 14 February 
2023, as a result of two large earthquakes in Kahramanmaraş on 6 February 2023 that affected 10 different 
cities, the BRSA announced that such risk-weights shall (until 1 January 2024) not be applied to the personal 
credit cards and consumer loans and relevant commercial cash loans provided after 6 February 2023 to 
customers located in the cities affected by the earthquakes. In addition, on 23 February 2023, the BRSA 
announced that such provisional measure shall also be applied to the disaster areas effective in general life 
which shall be determined pursuant to the criteria regulated under the Regulation on the Basic Rules Regarding 
the Effectiveness of Disasters to General Life.
On 23 June 2022, the BRSA increased the risk weighting for Turkish Lira and foreign exchange-denominated 
commercial loans to be utilised by Turkish legal or real residents who have performed derivative transactions 
with non-residents after 23 June 2022 to 500 per cent., regardless of their credit risk reduction technique, 
mortgage, or credit rating notes. On 7 July 2022, the BRSA announced the Turkish Lira-denominated 
commercial cash loan utilisation restrictions and obliged relevant companies to submit declarations which shall 
be approved by certified sworn-in accountants, and determined that if the companies which have been already 
provided with Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans fail to submit necessary information and 
documentation on time, or if it is determined that they are subject to the borrowing restrictions within the scope 
of the decision regarding utilisation of Turkish Lira -denominated commercial cash loans, (i) no new 
commercial cash loans will be extended to such companies, and (ii) a 500 per cent. risk weighting shall apply 
to Turkish Lira cash loans extended as of 30 June 2022 to such companies, regardless of the method used to 
calculate the amount subject to credit risk.
On 31 July 2023, the BRSA increased the risk weightings for (i) credit card instalment payments (including 
cash withdrawals and spending), (ii) consumer cash loans (including overdraft accounts, auto loans for 
passenger cars and auto secured loans), and (iii) financial leasing transactions with consumers to 150 per cent. 
for the loans issued after 31 July 2023; however, such increased risk weightings shall not be applied to 
customers located in the cities affected by such earthquakes until 1 January 2024. With the BRSA decision 
dated 24 August 2023 and numbered 10655, risk weightings were also increased to 150 per cent. for residential 
mortgage loans extended to individuals who already had at least one residential property either personally or 
through their spouses or children under 18 years of age.
On 11 July 2017, Article 9(8)(b) of the Equity Regulation was repealed. In this context, the excess amount 
mentioned in Article 57 of the Banking Law (i.e., “the total book value of the real property owned by a bank 
cannot exceed 50 per cent. of its capital base”), and the commodity goods and properties that banks acquire due 
to their receivables (e.g., foreclosed-upon collateral) but have not disposed within three years, are no longer 
deducted from a bank’s capital base.
Amendments to the Equity Regulation introduced certain limitations to the items that are included in the capital 
calculations of banks that have issued additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments prior to 1 January 2014. While 
the Bank does not have any additional Tier 1 instruments, according to these amendments, Tier 2 instruments 
that were issued (among others): (a) between 12 September 2010 and 1 January 2013 (so long as they satisfied 
the New Tier 2 Conditions other than the condition stated in sub-clause (i) of the New Tier 2 Conditions (i.e.,

--- Page 260 ---
260
the condition regarding the loss absorption due to the cancellation of a bank’s licence or transfer of Management 
to the SDIF pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law)) will be included in Tier 2 calculations after being 
reduced by 20 per cent. for the period between 1 January 2014 and 31 December 2014 and by 10 per cent. for 
each subsequent year (the calculations being made based upon the total amount of the debt instruments as at 1 
January 2013) and (b) after 1 January 2013 will be included in Tier 2 calculations only if they satisfy all of the 
New Tier 2 Conditions.
In 2013, the BRSA published the Regulation on the Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital Buffer, 
which entered into force on 1 January 2014 and provides additional core capital requirements both on a 
consolidated and unconsolidated basis. Pursuant to this regulation, the additional core capital requirements are 
to be calculated by the multiplication of the amount of risk-weighted assets by the sum of a capital conservation 
buffer ratio and bank-specific countercyclical buffer ratio. According to this regulation, the capital conservation 
buffer for banks was set at 1.250 per cent. for 2017, 1.875 per cent. for 2018 and 2.500 per cent. for 2019. 
Pursuant to decisions of the BRSA, the countercyclical capital buffer required for Turkish banks’ exposures in 
Türkiye was initially set at 0 per cent. of a bank’s risk-weighted assets in Türkiye; however, such ratio might 
fluctuate between 0 per cent. and 2.5 per cent. as announced from time to time by the BRSA. Any increase to 
the countercyclical capital buffer ratio is to be effective one year after the relevant public announcement, 
whereas any reduction is to be effective as at the date of the relevant public announcement.
In 2013, the BRSA also published the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Leverage Levels of 
Banks (which entered into force on 1 January 2014 with the exception of certain provisions that entered into 
effect on 1 January 2015), seeking to constrain leverage in the banking system and ensure maintenance of 
adequate equity on a consolidated and unconsolidated basis against leverage risks (including measurement error 
in the risk-based capital measurement approach).
Under the Equity Regulation, debt instruments and their issuance premia could be included either in additional 
Tier 1 capital or in Tier 2 capital subject to certain conditions; however, as at 31 March 2016, such amount is 
required to be reduced (for purposes of calculating capital) by any investment by a Turkish bank in additional 
Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital of another bank or financial institution holding such Turkish bank’s additional Tier 1 or 
Tier 2 capital, as applicable.
In accordance with Basel III rules, each bank is required to prepare an ICAAP Report representing its own 
assessment of its capital requirements (see “Regulatory Institutions”). See also a discussion of the 
implementation of Basel III in Türkiye under “Basel Committee – Basel III”.
According to the Equity Regulation, which came into force on 1 January 2014, Tier 2 capital shall be calculated 
by subtracting capital deductions from general provisions that are set aside for receivables and/or the surplus of 
provisions and capital deductions with respect to expected loss amounts for receivables (as the case may be, 
depending upon the method used by the bank to calculate the credit risk amounts of the applicable receivables) 
and the debt instruments that have been approved by the BRSA upon the application of the Board of Directors 
of the applicable bank along with a written statement confirming compliance of the debt instruments with the 
conditions set forth under the Equity Regulation and their issuance premia
On 7 June 2018, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Debt Instruments to be included in the Calculation 
of Banks’ Equity, which sets forth procedures and principles for the write-up and write-down of the debt 
instruments or loans that are included in the calculation of banks’ equity (i.e., additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 
capital) as well as procedures and principles related to conversion of such debt instruments into shares. Loans 
(as opposed to securities) that have been approved by the BRSA upon the application of the Board of Directors 
of the applicable bank accompanied by a written statement confirming that all of the New Tier 2 Conditions 
(except for the condition with respect to the CMB approval as indicated in clause (a) of the New Tier 2 
Conditions) are met also can be included in Tier 2 capital calculations.

--- Page 261 ---
261
In addition to the conditions that need to be met before including debt instruments and loans in the calculation 
of Tier 2 capital, the Equity Regulation also provides a limit for inclusion of general provisions to be set aside 
for receivables and/or the surplus of provisions and capital deductions with respect to expected loss amounts of 
receivables (as the case may be, depending upon the method used by the Bank to calculate the credit risk amount 
of such receivables) in Tier 2 capital such that: (a) the portion of general provisions that exceeds 1.25 per cent. 
of the risk-weighted sum of the receivables and/or (b) the portion of surplus of provisions and capital deductions 
that exceeds six parts per 1,000 of the receivables to which they relate is not taken into consideration.
Furthermore, in addition to the New Tier 2 Conditions stated under the respective legislation, the BRSA may 
require new conditions for each debt instrument and the procedure and principles regarding the removal of the 
debt instrument from the bank’s records or the debt instrument’s conversion to share certificates are determined 
by the BRSA.
Debt instruments and loans that are approved by the BRSA are included in accounts of Tier 2 capital as at the 
date of transfer to the relevant accounts in the applicable bank’s records. Loan agreements and debt instruments 
that have been included in Tier 2 capital calculations, and that have less than five years to maturity, shall be 
included in Tier 2 capital calculations after being reduced by 20 per cent. each year.
Basel Committee
Basel II
The most significant difference between the capital adequacy regulations in place before 1 July 2012 and the 
Basel II regulations is the calculation of risk-weighted assets related to credit risk. The current regulations seek 
to align more closely the minimum capital requirement of a bank with its borrowers’ credit risk profile. The 
impact of the new regulations on capital adequacy levels of Turkish banks largely stems from exposures to the 
Turkish government, principally through the holding of Turkish government bonds. While the previous rules 
provided a 0 per cent. risk weight for exposures to the Turkish sovereign and the CBRT, the rules of Basel II 
require that claims on sovereign entities and their central banks be risk-weighted according to their credit 
assessment, which (as at the date of this Base Prospectus) results in a 50 per cent. risk weighting for Türkiye; 
however, the Turkish rules implementing the Basel principles in Türkiye revised this general rule by providing 
that all Turkish Lira-denominated claims on sovereign entities in Türkiye and the CBRT shall have a 0 per cent. 
risk weight. According to the 2015 Capital Adequacy Regulation, which entered into force on 31 March 2016, 
the risk weights of foreign currency-denominated reserves on the CBRT in the form of required reserves were 
increased from 0 per cent. to 50 per cent.; however, on 24 February 2017, the BRSA published guidance to 
allow foreign exchange-required reserves held with the CBRT to be subject to a 0 per cent. risk weight. As a 
result of these implementation rules, the impact of the new regulations has been fairly limited when compared 
to the previous regime.
Basel III
Turkish banks’ capital adequacy requirements have been and might continue to be further affected by Basel III, 
as implemented by the Equity Regulation, which includes requirements regarding regulatory capital, liquidity, 
leverage ratio and counterparty credit risk measurements, which are expected to be implemented in phases until 
2019. In 2013, the BRSA announced its intention to adopt the Basel III requirements and, as published in the 
Official Gazette dated 5 September 2013 and numbered 28756, adopted the Equity Regulation and amendments 
to 2012 Capital Adequacy Regulation, which entered into effect on 1 January 2014. The Equity Regulation 
introduced core Tier 1 capital and additional Tier 1 capital as components of Tier 1 capital, whereas the 
amendments to the 2012 Capital Adequacy Regulation: (a) introduced a minimum core capital adequacy 
standard ratio (4.5 per cent.) and a minimum Tier 1 capital adequacy standard ratio (6.0 per cent.) to be 
calculated on a consolidated and non-consolidated basis (which are in addition to the previously existing 
requirement for a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of 8.0 per cent.) and (b) changed the risk weights of

--- Page 262 ---
262
certain items that are categorised under “other assets”. The Equity Regulation has also introduced new Tier 2 
rules and determined new criteria for debt instruments to be included in the Tier 2 capital. In order to further 
align Turkish banking legislation with Basel principles, the BRSA also amended some of its other regulations 
and communiqués as published in the Official Gazette dated 23 October 2015, No. 29511 and 20 January 2016, 
No. 29599, which amendments also entered into force on 31 March 2016. For the amendments related to the 
leverage ratios and capital adequacy ratio of banks, see “Capital Adequacy”.
The BIS reviewed Türkiye’s compliance with Basel regulations within the scope of the Basel Committee’s 
RCAP and published its RCAP assessment report in March 2016, in which Türkiye was assessed as compliant 
with Basel standards.
If the Bank is unable to maintain its capital adequacy or leverage ratios above the minimum levels required by 
the BRSA or other regulators (whether due to the inability to obtain additional capital on acceptable economic 
terms, if at all, sell assets (including subsidiaries) at commercially reasonable prices, or at all, or for any other 
reason), then this could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results 
of operations.
In February 2016, the BRSA published the D-SIBs Regulation and introduced additional capital requirements 
for D-SIBs in line with the requirements of Basel III. The BRSA defines D-SIBs according to their size, 
complexity and impact on the financial system and economic activity. The banks are classified under four 
categories based upon a score set by the BRSA and are required to keep additional core Tier 1 capital buffers 
up to a further 3 per cent. buffer for Group IV banks, 2 per cent. for Group III, 1.5 per cent. for Group II and I 
per cent. for Group I. In 2017, capital buffer requirements for D-SIBs have been (and are to be) applied as 1.5 
per cent. for Group IV; 1 per cent. for Group III, 0.75 per cent. for Group II and 0.5 per cent. for Group I and 
in 2018, these ratios are to be applied as 2.25 per cent. for Group IV; 1.5 per cent. for Group III, 1.125 per cent. 
for Group II and 0.75 per cent. for Group I. According to the D-SIBs Regulation, banks that are identified as 
D-SIBs are required to keep additional core capital buffers up to a further 3.0 per cent. buffer for Group IV 
banks, 2.0 per cent. for Group III, 1.5 per cent. for Group II and 1.0 per cent. for Group I as at 1 January 2019. 
The BRSA does not categorise the Bank as a Domestic Systemically Important Bank. Therefore, the Bank 
applies a 0 per cent. buffer.
Liquidity and Reserve Requirements
Article 46 of the Banking Law requires banks to calculate, attain, maintain and report the minimum liquidity 
level in accordance with principles and procedures set out by the BRSA. Within this framework, a 
comprehensive liquidity arrangement has been put into force by the BRSA, following the consent of the CBRT. 
Pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, the CBRT imposes different reserve 
requirements for different currencies and different tenors and adjusts these rates from time to time in order to 
encourage or discourage certain types of lending.
The reserve requirements also apply to gold deposit accounts. Furthermore, banks are permitted to maintain: 
(a) a portion of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in U.S. Dollars and/or Euro (however, such option has 
been terminated by the CBRT effective as of 1 October 2021) and another portion of the Turkish Lira reserve 
requirements in standard gold (however, on 31 December 2022, the CBRT announced that the facility for 
holding standard and scrap gold for Turkish Lira reserve requirements has been terminated on 23 June 2023) 
and (b) a portion or all of the reserve requirements applicable to precious metal deposit accounts in standard 
gold, which portions are revised from time to time by the CBRT. In addition, banks are required to maintain 
their required reserves against their U.S. Dollar-denominated liabilities in U.S. Dollars only.

--- Page 263 ---
263
Furthermore, pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, a bank must establish additional 
mandatory reserves if its financial leverage ratio falls within certain intervals. The financial leverage ratio is 
calculated according to the division of a bank's capital into the sum of the following items:

its total liabilities;

its total non-cash loans and obligations;

its revocable commitments multiplied by 0.1;

the total sum of each of its derivatives commitments multiplied by its respective loan conversion rate; 
and

its irrevocable commitments.
This additional mandatory reserve amount is calculated quarterly according to the arithmetic mean of the 
monthly leverage ratio.
A bank must also maintain reserves for six mandatory reserve periods beginning with the fourth calendar month 
following an accounting period and additional mandatory reserves for liabilities in Turkish Lira and foreign 
currency, as set forth below:
Leverage Ratio
Additional 
Reserve 
Requirement
%
Below 3.0% ...............................................................................................................................
2.0
From 3.0% (inclusive) to 4.0% .................................................................................................
1.5
From 4.0% (inclusive) to 5.0% .................................................................................................
1.0
Reserve accounts kept in Turkish Lira may be interest-bearing pursuant to guidelines adopted by the Central 
Bank from time to time according to the reserve requirement manual issued by the Central Bank on 11 April 
2014.
Following the amendments to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements on 2 November 2023 and 30 
January 2024, the reserve requirements for foreign currency liabilities, are as set forth below:
Category of Foreign Currency Liabilities
Required
Reserve
Ratio
(%)
Demand deposits, notice deposits, private current accounts, deposit/participation accounts 
up to one-month maturity ..........................................................................................................
30
Deposit/participation accounts three-month, six-month and one-year maturities .....................
26
Deposit/participation accounts with maturities of one-year and longer ....................................
20
Borrowers’ deposit accounts held at development and investment banks(1) ..............................
25
Other liabilities up to one-year maturity (including one-year) ..................................................
21

--- Page 264 ---
264
Category of Foreign Currency Liabilities
Required
Reserve
Ratio
Other liabilities up to two-year maturity (including two-year) .................................................
16
Other liabilities up to three-year maturity (including three-year) .............................................
11
Other liabilities up to five-year maturity (including five-year) .................................................
7
Other liabilities longer than five-year maturity .........................................................................
5
Note: 
(6)
Due to laws applicable to development and investment banks, the amount deposited in such accounts cannot exceed 
the total outstanding loan amount extended by the relevant development and investment bank to such borrower. 
The reserve requirements effective as of 27 October 2023 regarding Turkish Lira liabilities vary by category, as 
set forth below:
Category of Turkish Lira Liabilities
Required
Reserve
Ratio
(%)
Deposits/participation accounts up to three-month maturity (including three-month) ..............
8
Deposits/participation accounts up to six-month maturity (including six-month) ....................
0
Deposits/participation accounts up to one-year maturity ..........................................................
0
Deposits/participation accounts with maturities of one-year and longer ...................................
0
Borrowers’ deposit accounts held at development and investment banks
0
Other liabilities up to one-year maturity (including one-year) ..................................................
8
Other liabilities up to three-years maturity (including three-years) ..........................................
5.5
Other liabilities longer than three-year maturity .......................................................................
3
Securities issued by the investment and development banks with more than one year maturity
0
The reserve ratios listed in the table above are subject to change by the CBRT. From September 2010, reserve 
accounts held in Turkish Lira are non-interest bearing (reserve accounts in foreign currencies have not been 
interest bearing since 2008). Pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, interest may 
accrue on the reserve accounts in accordance with rules and procedures determined by the CBRT.
On 19 August 2019, with the intention of using reserve requirements more flexibly and effectively as a 
macroeconomic prudential tool to support financial stability, the CBRT decided to change the ratio of, and the 
remuneration applied to, required reserves. Accordingly, the reserve requirement ratios for Turkish Lira 
liabilities and the remuneration rates for Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves were linked to the annual 
growth rates of the total of banks’ Turkish Lira-denominated standardised cash loans and cash loans under close 
monitoring, excluding foreign currency-indexed loans and loans extended to banks. For banks whose loan 
growth is between 10 per cent. and 20 per cent. (reference values), the reserve requirement ratios for Turkish 
Lira liabilities in all maturity brackets excluding deposits and participation funds with a maturity of one year or 
more (excluding deposits/participation funds obtained from banks abroad) and other liabilities with longer than

--- Page 265 ---
265
three-year maturity (including deposits/participation funds obtained from banks abroad), were set at 2 per cent. 
The reserve requirement ratios for other banks were left unchanged. Additionally, the then-current remuneration 
rate of 13 per cent. previously applied to Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves were increased to 15 per 
cent. for banks with a loan growth between the reference values and at 5 per cent. for others. Under this 
arrangement, loan growth rates were calculated in each reserve requirement period and the banks whose loan 
growth was between the reference values were to be subject to the related reserve requirement ratios and 
remuneration rates in the next three-months (six reserve requirement periods).
On 27 November 2020, the CBRT (a) revised to 12 per cent. per annum the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-
denominated required reserves and (b) reduced the commission rate applied to the reserves maintained against 
U.S. dollar-denominated deposits and participation fund liabilities from 1.25 per cent. to 0 per cent. As a result, 
from December 2020, the reserve requirement ratios for: (i) deposits and participation funds (excluding those 
obtained from banks abroad) on demand and with a maturity up to (and including) three months and Turkish 
Lira-denominated other liabilities (including deposits and participation funds received from banks abroad) with 
a maturity up to (and including) one year were reduced to 6 per cent. per annum from 7 per cent. per annum, 
(ii) foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds (excluding deposits and participation funds 
obtained from banks abroad and precious metal deposit accounts) on demand and with a maturity less than one 
year were reduced to 19 per cent. per annum from 22 per cent. per annum, (iii) foreign currency-denominated 
deposits and participation funds (excluding deposits and participation funds obtained from banks abroad and 
precious metal deposit accounts) with a maturity of one year or more were reduced to 13 per cent. per annum 
from 18 per cent. per annum and (iv) other foreign currency-denominated liabilities (regardless of maturity) 
were reduced by 3 per cent. per annum (to a range of 5 per cent, per annum to 21 per cent. per annum).
On 24 February 2021, the CBRT: (a) increased Turkish Lira reserve requirement ratios by 2.00 per cent. for all 
liability types and maturity brackets, (b) revised portions of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements that Turkish 
banks are permitted to maintain in U.S. dollars and standard gold and (c) revised to 13.50 per cent. the 
remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves. These changes became effective from the 
calculation date of 19 February 2021, with the maintenance period starting on 5 March 2021. On 1 July 2021, 
the CBRT: (a) reduced the maximum percentage of Turkish Lira reserves it allows to be held in U.S. dollars 
from 20 per cent. to 10 per cent. and terminated the option of Turkish banks to maintain a portion of the Turkish 
Lira reserve requirements in U.S. dollars as of 1 October 2021, (b) increased the reserve requirement ratios for 
foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets and 
(c) started to apply remuneration rates from 13.5 per cent. to 19.0 per cent. per annum for Turkish Lira-
denominated reserves of banks depending upon certain conditions, each of which changes became effective 
from the calculation date of 6 August 2021 (with the maintenance period starting on 19 July 2021). On 15 
September 2021, the CBRT increased reserve requirement ratios for foreign currency-denominated deposits and 
participation funds and precious metals deposit accounts by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets effective 
as of 17 September 2021. On 9 November 2021, the CBRT: (i) further reduced the maximum percentage of 
Turkish Lira reserves it would allow to be held in standard gold from 15 per cent. to 10 per cent. On 31 
December 2022, the CBRT announced that the facility for holding standard and scrap gold for Turkish Lira 
reserve requirements has been terminated on 23 June 2023) and (ii) increased the reserve requirement ratios for 
foreign currency deposits/participation funds by a further 200 basis points for all maturity brackets effective 
from the calculation date of 12 November 2021 (with the maintenance period starting on 28 October 2021). On 
31 December 2021, the CBRT amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements to exclude in the 
calculation of reserve requirements the amounts converted from foreign exchange deposit/participation funds 
into Turkish Lira term deposit/participation funds.
On 23 April 2022, the CBRT amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements (effective as of 29 
April 2022) to require Turkish banks to establish mandatory reserves for their Turkish Lira-denominated 
commercial cash loans; provided that the following are excluded: (a) loans provided to SMEs, tradesmen,

--- Page 266 ---
266
financial institutions and/or certain governmental authorities and their subsidiaries and (b) export and 
investment loans, agricultural loans and corporate credit cards. Banks are required to reserve 20 per cent. (10 
per cent. through 23 June 2022) of the relevant commercial loans (as calculated on the last Friday of every four-
week period) for a maintenance period of four weeks. However, on 20 August 2022 the CBRT revoked this 
application and announced that banks shall establish Turkish Lira-denominated securities at the rate of 30 per 
cent. instead of establishing mandatory reserves at the rate of 20 per cent. In addition, as a provisional 
application, banks with a growth rate in loans subject to reserve requirements above 20 per cent. as of 31 May 
2022 compared to 31 December 2021 are required to maintain mandatory reserves between 10 June 2022 and 
24 November 2022 at a rate of 20 per cent. of the difference between their existing such loan balances on 31 
March 2022 and 31 December 2021. 
On 11 January 2023, the CBRT amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements so that (starting 
with the maintenance period starting on 3 February 2023), the reserve requirement rate for Turkish Lira deposit 
accounts and participation accounts held by certain customers with maturities longer than three months is 0 per 
cent., and the securities issued by the investment and development banks with maturities more than 1 year is 0 
per cent. Additionally, should there be an increase (compared to 6 January 2023, based upon a calculation to be 
made on the last Friday of every two-week period) in a bank’s foreign currency-denominated liabilities with 
maturities longer than six months provided directly from abroad, the reserve requirement rate for such increased 
amount is 0 per cent. until 20 December 2024. On 14 September 2023, the CBRT amended the Communiqué 
Regarding Reserve Requirements (effective as of 1 September 2023) to oblige banks to hold mandatory reserves 
at the rate of 25 per cent. for the foreign exchange protected Turkish Lira-denominated deposit accounts, 
regardless of their maturities.
Macroprudential Measures requiring Maintenance of Securities
Effective on 24 June 2022, The CBRT issued on 10 June 2022 the Communiqué on the Maintenance of Turkish 
Lira Securities for Foreign Currency Liabilities (the name of which was later changed to Communiqué on the 
Maintenance of Securities) (the “Communiqué on the Maintenance of Securities”). Pursuant to this regulation 
(as amended from time to time), effective from 24 June 2022, each Turkish bank is required to hold with the 
CBRT long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government (including lease 
certificates issued by Undersecretariat of Treasury Asset Leasing Company) for the foreign currency deposits, 
participation funds and precious metals accounts held with such bank (excluding those of certain depositors, 
including the CBRT itself, the Turkish Treasury, certain other governmental entities, other Turkish banks and 
non-citizens, and such deposits/funds/accounts funded by foreign direct investments as determined by the 
CBRT) as well as the funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions. Pursuant to an amendment 
to the Communiqué on the Maintenance of Securities made on 25 June 2023 (as itself amended on 25 July 
2023, 20 August 2023 and 22 December 2023), each Turkish bank is required to hold an amount of such 
securities equal to 4 per cent. of the amount of the foreign currency deposits, participation funds and precious 
metals accounts held by the relevant customers with such bank as well as the funds from foreign exchange-
denominated repo transactions.
On 20 August 2022, 31 December 2022 and 25 July 2023, the CBRT amended the Communiqué on the 
Maintenance of Securities to: (a) require Turkish banks to hold with the CBRT long-term Turkish Lira-
denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to 30 per cent. of the amount of 
the securities issued by entities (other than financial institutions) held by such banks, (b) replace the Commercial 
Cash Loan Reserve Requirement with a requirement to hold with the CBRT long-term Turkish Lira-
denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to 30 per cent. of the amount of 
such Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (excluding the loans previously excluded from the 
Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement as noted above only if such loans are disbursed against

--- Page 267 ---
267
expenditures), however, all of such requirements were terminated by an amendment to the Regulation on the 
Maintenance of Securities on 27 October 2023 (except that, with respect to the calculation period on 29 
September 2023, banks are required to hold Turkish Lira-denominated securities for such loans and securities 
until 23 November 2023). In various actions through 22 December 2023, the Central Bank further amended the 
Regulation on the Maintenance of Securities to require Turkish banks to hold with the Central Bank long-term 
Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government as follows:
(i)
a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan growth (excluding such excluded loans) 
during each calculation period from 26 August 2022 to 25 November 2022 compared to the previous 
calculation period was higher than 3 per cent., then such bank is required to hold with the CBRT long-
term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to the 
amount over such 3 per cent.,
(ii)
a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan (excluding such excluded loans) growth as of 
30 December 2022 compared to 29 July 2022 is higher than 10 per cent., then such bank is required to 
hold with the CBRT long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government 
in an amount equal to the amount over such 10 per cent. minus the amount already held as required by 
clause (i), and
(iii)
a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan growth (excluding such excluded loans) 
during each calculation period from 27 January 2023 to 28 June 2024 (inclusive) compared to the 
previous calculation period was higher than 2 per cent., then such bank is required to hold, for a 12-
month period, with the CBRT long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish 
government in an amount equal to the amount over such 2 per cent.
Additionally, the 20 August 2022 amendment provides that, for commercial loans extended from 20 August 
2022 until 31 December 2022, a Turkish bank is required to hold with the CBRT long-term Turkish Lira-
denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to:
(A)
20 per cent. of the amount of Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (excluding such excluded 
loans) extended during such period at an annual compound interest rate from and including 1.4 times to 
but excluding 1.8 times higher than the CBRT-released annual compound reference rate (which reference 
rate is 10.31 per cent. for the period between 1 December 2022 and 31 December 2022), and
(B)
150 per cent. of the amount of Turkish Lira-denominated (i) commercial cash loans (excluding such 
excluded loans) extended during such period at an annual compound interest rate of 2 times or more and 
(ii) consumer loans at an annual compound interest rate of 1.8 times or more higher than such CBRT-
released annual compound reference rate, as of April 2023.
As effective from 26 August 2023, with respect to commercial loans extended from 31 December 2022, banks 
are required (based upon a calculation to be made on the last Friday of every month) until 29 December 2023 
to hold with the CBRT long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an 
amount equal to 150 per cent. of the amount of Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (excluding 
such excluded loans) extended during such month depending upon their annual compound interest rate. In May 
2023, the CBRT introduced new rules for credit growth for consumer loans, vehicle loans, SME loans and loans 
subject to the Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement, which rules provide that, if any of such loan types 
grows more than 3 per cent. per month, the applicable bank will be required to hold with the CBRT long-term 
Turkish lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish Treasury in an amount equal to the excess of loans 
over the 3 per cent. growth rate (reduced in August 2023 to 2.5 per cent. for Turkish Lira-denominated 
commercial cash loans (excluding export, investment, agricultural and tradesmen loans), 2.0 per cent. for 
vehicle loans and 2.5 per cent. for other Turkish Lira-denominated cash loans excluding consumer loans) and

--- Page 268 ---
268
further reduced on 6 March 2024 to 2% for Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (excluding export, 
investment, agricultural and tradesmen loans) and consumer loans.
Also in August 2022, the CBRT introduced new regulations to increase the share of Turkish Lira-denominated 
assets in the collateral system and to ensure the maintenance of additional required reserves for foreign currency 
deposits. Effective as of 15 April 2022, the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves 
was reduced to 0 per cent. from 8.5 per cent. Effective as of 2 September 2022, the collateral discount rate for 
CPI-indexed securities and assets subject to collateral in foreign currency and gold was gradually increased 
from 50 per cent. to 60 per cent. and further increased to 80 per cent. on 10 April 2023. 
On 26 May 2023, the BRSA published a new regulation of Regulation on Net Stable Funding Ratio Calculations 
of Banks to align the Turkish regulatory capital regime with Basel III requirements and strengthen the liquidity 
of the banks. Pursuant to the Regulation on Net Stable Funding Ratio Calculations of Banks, starting as of 1 
January 2024, the three-month arithmetic mean of a bank’s consolidated and non-consolidated net stable 
funding ratios (calculated on a monthly basis for the equity calculation periods) shall not be less than 100 per 
cent. The BRSA shall also announce minimum rate for the banks’ consolidated and non-consolidated net stable 
funding ratios calculated monthly and if either the consolidated or non-consolidated net stable funding ratio of 
a bank falls below such minimum requirement, then such bank should resolve this discrepancy by the next 
equity calculation period; however, this minimum rate shall not be applied to development and investment 
banks until further notice by the BRSA. In addition, the banks will be required to report their consolidated and 
non-consolidated net stable funding ratios within the periods to be determined by the BRSA.
On 25 June 2023, as a provision application to be applied from 28 June 2023 to 29 September 2023, the CBRT 
required each Turkish bank hold (for a six month period) additional Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued 
by the Turkish government, if their conversion rates from foreign currency deposits/participation funds to 
Turkish Lira deposits/participation funds are less than 10 per cent., in which event such banks will be required 
to maintain two times Turkish Lira-denominated securities, and double the amount of the shortfall.
Calculation of Liquidity Coverage Ratio
The Regulation on the Calculation of Banks’ Liquidity Coverage Ratios (the “Regulation on Liquidity 
Coverage Ratios”) was published in the Official Gazette No. 28948 and dated 21 March 2014. It aims to ensure 
that banks maintain an adequate level of unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets that can be converted into 
cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day period. Under the regulation, the liquidity coverage ratios 
of banks may not fall below 100 per cent. on an aggregate basis and 80 per cent. on a foreign currency-only 
basis.
However, the BRSA decided that the development and investment banks could follow a 0 per cent. legal 
liquidity coverage ratio requirement with its decision dated 12 December 2016 and numbered 7123 until it is 
determined otherwise, resulting in the Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios not applying to investment and 
development banks, and the provisions of the former regulation, the Regulation of the Measurement and 
Evaluation of Liquidity Adequacy of Banks (the “Liquidity Adequacy Regulation”) continuing to apply. 
Pursuant to this former regulation, in general, the liquidity ratios are calculated in respect of maturity tranche. 
Accordingly, the first maturity tranche is defined as maturity due in less than 7 days and second maturity tranche 
is defined as maturity due in less than 31 days. The weekly simple arithmetic mean of the total liquidity 
adequacy ratio of the first maturity tranche and the total liquidity adequacy ratio of the second maturity tranche 
shall not be less than 100 per cent. and the foreign exchange liquidity adequacy ratio of the first maturity tranche 
and the foreign exchange liquidity adequacy ratio of the second maturity tranche shall not be less than 80 per 
cent.

--- Page 269 ---
269
Foreign Exchange Position Requirements
According to the Regulation on Foreign Exchange Net Position/Capital Base issued by the BRSA and published 
in the Official Gazette dated 1 November 2006 and numbered 26333, for both the unconsolidated and 
consolidated financial statements, the ratio of a bank’s foreign exchange net position to its capital base should 
not exceed (+/-) 20 per cent., which calculation is required to be made on a weekly basis for unconsolidated 
and monthly basis for consolidated financial statements. The net foreign exchange position is the difference 
between the sum of a bank’s foreign exchange assets and its foreign exchange liabilities and the Turkish Lira 
equivalent of such. For the purpose of computing the net foreign exchange position, foreign exchange assets 
include all active foreign exchange accounts held by a bank (including its foreign branches), its foreign 
exchange-indexed assets and its subscribed forward foreign exchange purchases; for purposes of computing the 
net foreign exchange position, foreign exchange liabilities include all passive foreign exchange accounts held 
by a bank (including its foreign branches), its subscribed foreign exchange-indexed liabilities and its subscribed 
forward foreign exchange sales. If the weekly arithmetic mean of the ratio of a bank’s net foreign exchange 
position to its capital base exceeds (+/-) 20 per cent., then the bank is required to take steps to move back into 
compliance within two weeks following the bank’s calculation period. Banks are permitted to exceed the legal 
net foreign exchange position to capital base ratio up to six times per calendar year. With the recent amendments 
to the Regulation on Foreign Exchange Net Position/Capital Base set to become effective as of 9 January 2023, 
the weekly arithmetic mean of the ratio of a Bank’s foreign exchange net position to its capital base decreased 
from (+/-) 20 per cent. to (+/-) 5 per cent. and with the BRSA’s decision numbered 10534, as of 9 March 2023 
increase such ration from to (+/-) 5 per cent. to (+/-) 10 per cent. In addition, the recent amendments determined 
that banks should include the general and special provisions set aside pursuant to the Provisioning Regulation 
for the calculation of the standard ratio of their foreign exchange net position to their capital base. Further to 
the amendments to Decree 32, the CBRT published the Foreign Exchange Positions Regulation in February 
2018. Pursuant to the Foreign Exchange Positions Regulation, all companies with foreign currency loans and 
foreign currency indexed loans of more than U.S.$15 million (or its equivalent in other foreign currencies) 
utilised from Türkiye or from abroad are required to notify the CBRT for each accounting period. However, as 
per the amendments made to the Foreign Exchange Positions Regulation on 8 November 2023, which will 
become effective as of 1 January 2024, companies with a total cash loan balance of more than TRY 100 million 
or annual net sales revenue or asset size of more than TRY 500 million lira will be required to notify the CBRT 
on their foreign currency position monthly.
Audit of Banks
According to Article 24 of the Banking Law, a bank’s board of directors is required to establish audit committees 
for the execution of the audit and monitoring functions of the board of directors. Audit committees shall consist 
of a minimum of two members and be appointed from among the members of the board of directors who do 
not have executive duties. The duties and responsibilities of the audit committee include the supervision of the 
efficiency and adequacy of the bank’s internal control, risk management and internal audit systems, functioning 
of these systems and accounting and reporting systems within the framework of the Banking Law and other 
relevant legislation, and integrity of the information produced; conducting the necessary preliminary 
evaluations for the selection of independent audit firms by the board of directors; regularly monitoring the 
activities of independent audit firms selected by the board of directors; and, in the case of holding companies 
covered by the Banking Law, ensuring that the internal audit functions of the institutions that are subject to 
consolidation operate in a coordinated manner, on behalf of the board of directors.
The BRSA, as the principal regulatory authority in the Turkish banking sector, has the right to monitor 
compliance by banks with the requirements relating to audit committees. As part of exercising this right, the 
BRSA reviews audit reports prepared for banks by their independent auditing firms. Banks are required to select 
an independent audit firm in accordance with the Regulation on Independent Audit of Banks, published in the

--- Page 270 ---
270
Official Gazette dated 2 April 2015 and numbered 29314. Independent auditors are held liable for damages and 
losses to third parties and are subject to stricter reporting obligations. Professional liability insurance is required 
for: (a) independent auditors and (b) evaluators, rating agencies and certain other support services (if requested 
by the service-acquiring bank or required by the BRSA). Furthermore, banks are required to consolidate their 
financial statements on a quarterly basis in accordance with certain consolidation principles established by the 
BRSA. The year-end consolidated financial statements are required to be audited whereas interim consolidated 
financial statements are subject to only a limited review by independent audit firms. The ICAAP Regulation 
established standards as to principles of internal control, internal audit and risk management systems and an 
internal capital adequacy assessment process in order to bring such regulations into compliance with Basel II 
requirements.
On 23 October 2015 and 20 January 2016, the BRSA issued certain amendments to the ICAAP Regulation to 
align the Turkish regulatory capital regime with Basel III requirements imposing new regulatory requirements 
to enhance the effectiveness of internal risk management and internal capital adequacy assessments by 
introducing, among other things, new stress test requirements. Accordingly, the board of directors and senior 
management of a bank are required to ensure that a bank has established appropriate risk management systems 
and applies an internal capital adequacy assessment process adequate to have capital for the risks incurred by 
such bank. The ICAAP Report is required to be audited by either the internal audit department or an independent 
audit firm in accordance with the internal audit procedures of a bank.
All banks (public and private) also undergo annual audits and interim audits by certified bank auditors who 
have the authority to audit banks on behalf of the BRSA. Audits by certified bank auditors encompass all aspects 
of a bank’s operations, its financial statements and other matters affecting the bank’s financial position, 
including its domestic banking activities and foreign exchange transactions. Additionally, such audits seek to 
ensure compliance with applicable laws and the constitutional documents of the bank. The CBRT has the right 
to monitor compliance by banks with the CBRT’s regulations through on-site and off-site examinations.
The BRSA amended the Regulation on Principles and Procedures of Audits on 23 October 2015 to expand the 
scope of the audit of banks in compliance with the RCAP Regulation. According to this regulation, the BRSA 
monitors banks’ compliance with the regulations relating to the maintenance of capital and liquidity adequacy 
for risks incurred or to be incurred by banks and the adequacy and efficiency of banks’ internal audit systems.
Cancellation of Banking Licence
If the results of an audit show that a bank’s financial structure has seriously weakened, then the BRSA may 
require the bank’s board of directors to take measures to strengthen its financial position. Pursuant to the 
Banking Law, in the event that the BRSA in its sole discretion determines that:
(a)
the assets of a bank are insufficient or are likely to become insufficient to cover its obligations as they 
become due;
(b)
the bank is not complying with liquidity requirements;
(c)
the bank’s profitability is not sufficient to conduct its business in a secure manner due to disturbances in 
the relation and balance between expenses and profit;
(d)
the regulatory equity capital of such bank is not sufficient or is likely to become insufficient;
(e)
the quality of the assets of such bank have been impaired in a manner potentially weakening its financial 
structure;
(f)
the decisions, transactions or applications of such bank are in breach of the Banking Law, relevant 
regulations or the decisions of the BRSB;

--- Page 271 ---
271
(g)
such bank fails to establish internal audit, supervision and risk management systems or to effectively 
and sufficiently conduct such systems or any factor impedes the audit of such systems; 
(h)
imprudent acts of such bank’s management materially increase the risks stipulated under the Banking 
Law and relevant legislation or potentially weaken the bank’s financial structure; or
(i)
for D-SIBs, the precaution plan determined by the BRSA is not implemented promptly, such precautions 
are unable to cure the applicable weakness or it is determined that such weakness cannot be cured even 
if such precautions were implemented,
then the BRSA may require the board of directors of such bank:
(i)
to increase its equity capital;
(ii)
not to distribute dividends for a temporary period to be determined by the BRSA and to transfer 
its distributable dividend to the reserve fund;
(iii)
to increase its loan provisions;
(iv)
to stop extension of loans to its shareholders;
(v)
to dispose of its assets in order to strengthen its liquidity;
(vi)
to limit or stop its new investments;
(vii)
to limit its salary and other payments;
(viii)
to cease its long-term investments;
(ix)
to comply with the relevant banking legislation;
(x)
to cease its risky transactions by re-evaluating its credit policy;
(xi)
to take all actions to decrease any maturity, foreign exchange and interest rate risks for a period 
determined by the BRSA and in accordance with a plan approved by the BRSA; and/or
(xii)
to take any other action that the BRSA may deem necessary.
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable bank, its 
financial structure cannot be strengthened despite the fact that such actions have been taken or the BRSA 
determines that taking such actions will not lead to getting a favourable result, then the BRSB may require such 
bank to:
(a)
strengthen its financial structure, increase its liquidity and/or increase its capital adequacy;
(b)
dispose of its fixed assets and long-term assets within a reasonable time determined by the BRSB;
(c)
decrease its operational and management costs;
(d)
postpone its payments under any name whatsoever, excluding the regular payments to be made to its 
employees;
(e)
limit or prohibit extension of any cash or non-cash loans to certain third persons, legal entities, risk 
groups or sectors;
(f)
convene an extraordinary general assembly in order to change some or all of the members of the board 
of directors or assign new member(s) to the board of directors, in the event any board member is 
responsible for a failure to comply with relevant legislation, a failure to establish efficient and sufficient 
operation of internal audit, internal control and risk management systems or non-operation of these

--- Page 272 ---
272
systems efficiently or there is a factor that impedes supervision or such member(s) of the board of 
directors cause(s) to increase risks significantly as stipulated above;
(g)
implement short-, medium- or long-term plans and projections that are approved by the BRSB to 
decrease the risks incurred by the bank and the members of the board of directors and the shareholders 
with qualified shares must undertake the implementation of such plan in writing; and/or
(h)
to take any other action that the BRSB may deem necessary.
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable bank, the 
problem cannot be solved despite the fact that the actions have been taken or the BRSA determines that taking 
such actions will not lead to getting a favourable result, then the BRSB may require such bank to:
(a)
limit or cease its business or the business of the whole organisation, including its relations with its local 
or foreign branches and correspondents, for a temporary period;
(b)
apply various restrictions, including restrictions on the interest rate and maturity with respect to resource 
collection and utilisation;
(c)
remove from office (in whole or in part) some or all of its members of the board of directors, general 
manager and deputy general managers and department and branch managers and obtain approval from 
the BRSA as to the persons to be appointed to replace them;
(d)
make available long-term loans; provided that these will not exceed the amount of deposit or 
participation accounts subject to insurance, and be secured by the shares or other assets of the controlling 
shareholders;
(e)
limit or cease its non-performing operations and to dispose of its non-performing assets;
(f)
merge with one or more other interested bank(s);
(g)
provide new shareholders in order to increase its equity capital;
(h)
deduct any resulting losses from its own funds; and/or
(i)
take any other action that the BRSB may deem necessary.
In the event that: (a) the aforementioned actions are not (in whole or in part) taken by the applicable bank within 
a period of time set forth by the BRSB or in any case within 12 months, (b) the financial structure of such bank 
cannot be strengthened despite its having taken such actions, (c) it is determined that taking these actions will 
not lead to the strengthening of the bank’s financial structure, (d) the continuation of the activities of such bank 
would jeopardise the rights of the depositors and the participation account owners and the security and stability 
of the financial system, (e) such bank cannot cover its liabilities as they become due, (f) the total amount of the 
liabilities of such bank exceeds the total amount of its assets or (g) the controlling shareholders or directors of 
such bank are found to have utilised such bank’s resources for their own interests, directly or indirectly or 
fraudulently, in a manner that jeopardised the secure functioning of the bank or caused such bank to sustain a 
loss as a result of such misuse, then the BRSA, with the affirmative vote of at least five of its board members, 
may cancel the operating licence of such bank or, if such bank is not a development and investment bank, 
transfer the management, supervision and control of the shareholding rights (excluding dividends) of such bank 
to the SDIF for the purpose of whole or partial transfer or sale of such bank to third persons or the merger 
thereof; provided that any loss is deducted from the share capital of current shareholders.
In the event that the operating licence of the Bank or another development and investment bank is cancelled, 
then such development and investment bank will be liquidated pursuant to the Turkish Commercial Code (No. 
6102) and general execution and bankruptcy rules of the Republic of Türkiye.

--- Page 273 ---
273
Annual Reporting
Pursuant to the Banking Law, Turkish banks are required to follow the BRSA’s principles and procedures (which 
are established in consultation with the Turkish Accounting Standards Board and international accounting 
standards) when preparing their annual reports, Turkish listed companies must also comply with the 
Communiqué on Principles of Financial Reporting in Capital Markets issued by the CMB. In addition, they 
must ensure uniformity in their accounting systems, correctly record all their transactions and prepare timely 
and accurate financial reports in a format that is clear, reliable and comparable as well as suitable for auditing, 
analysis and interpretation.
Furthermore, Turkish companies (including banks) are required to comply with the Regulation regarding 
Determination of the Minimum Content of the Companies’ Annual Reports published by the Ministry of 
Customs and Trade in the Official Gazette numbered 28395 and dated 28 August 2012, as well as the Corporate 
Governance Communiqué published in the Official Gazette dated 3 January 2014 and numbered 28871, when 
preparing their annual reports. These reports are required to include the following information: management 
and organisation structures, human resources, evaluation of the year, information on the bank’s corporate 
governance practices, corporate governance compliance report, assessment of financial standing, profitability 
and solvency, assessment of management and expectations and a summary of the directors’ report and 
independent auditor’s report.
A bank cannot settle its balance sheets without ensuring reconciliation with the legal and auxiliary books and 
records of its branches and domestic and foreign correspondents.
The BRSA is authorised to take necessary measures where it is determined that a bank’s financial statements 
have been misrepresented.
According to the Communiqué on Financial Reporting Standards in Capital Markets published in the Official 
Gazette dated 13 June 2013 and numbered 28676 and the BRSA regulations, the chairman of the board, audit 
committee, general manager, deputy general manager responsible for financial reporting and the relevant unit 
manager (or equivalent authorities) must sign the reports indicating their full names and titles and declare that 
the financial report complies with relevant legislation and accounting records.
Independent auditors must approve the annual reports prepared by the banks.
Banks are required to submit their financial reports to related authorities and publish them in accordance with 
the BRSA’s principles and procedures.
According to CMB regulations, the annual report is subject to the approval of the board of directors and must 
be submitted to shareholders on the Public Disclosure Platform and published on the Bank’s website at least 
three weeks before the annual general assembly of the bank. Pursuant to BRSA regulations, the annual report 
is subject to the approval of the board of directors and must be submitted to the shareholders at least 15 days 
before the annual general assembly of the bank. Banks must also submit an electronic copy of their annual 
reports to the BRSA within seven days following the publication of the reports. Banks must also keep a copy 
of such reports in their headquarters and an electronic copy of the annual report should be available at a bank’s 
branches in order to be printed and submitted to the shareholders upon request. In addition, they must publish 
them on their websites by the end of May following the end of the relevant fiscal year.
Amendments to the Regulation on the Principles and Procedures Regarding the Preparation of Annual Reports 
by Banks, which entered into force on 31 March 2016, require annual and interim financial statements of banks 
to include explanations regarding their risk management in line with the Regulation on Risk Management to be 
Disclosed to the Public.

--- Page 274 ---
274
Disclosure of Financial Statements
The BRSA published amendments, which entered into force on 31 March 2016, to the Communiqué on 
Financial Statements to be Disclosed to the Public setting forth principles of disclosure of annotated financial 
statements of banks in accordance with the Communiqué on Public Disclosure regarding Risk Management of 
Banks and the Equity Regulation. The amendments reflect the updated requirements relating to information to 
be disclosed to the public in line with the amendments to the calculation of risk-weighted assets and their 
implications for capital adequacy ratios, liquidity coverage ratios and leverage ratios. Rules relating to equity 
items presented in the financial statements were also amended in line with the amendments to the Equity 
Regulation. Furthermore, the changes require publication of a loan agreement of the bank or a prospectus 
relating to a loan or debt instrument, which will be taken into account in the calculation of the capital of a 
(parent company) bank as an element for additional principal capital (i.e., additional Tier 1 capital) and 
supplementary capital (i.e., Tier 2 capital), on the bank’s website. In addition, banks are required to make 
necessary disclosures on their websites immediately upon repayment of a debt instrument, depreciation or 
conversion of a share certificate or occurrence of any other material change. On 26 May 2023, the BRSA 
amended the Communiqué on Financial Statements to be Disclosed to the Public to reduce uncertainties that 
may arise in the market through the implementation of the net stable funding ratio rules, and obliged banks to 
disclose the arithmetic mean of their three-month consolidated and non-consolidated net stable funding ratios 
and other related items to the public, as of 1 January 2024.
In addition, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Public Disclosure regarding Risk Management of Banks, 
which expands the scope of public disclosure to be made in relation to risk management (entering into force on 
31 March 2016) in line with the disclosure requirements of the Basel Committee. According to this regulation, 
each bank is required to announce information regarding their consolidated and/or unconsolidated risk 
management related to risks arising from or in connection with securitisation, counterparty, credit, market and 
its operations in line with the standards and procedures specified in this regulation. In this respect, banks are 
required to adopt a written policy in relation to its internal audit and internal control processes.
On 15 September 2018, the Ministry of Commerce issued a communiqué that sets forth the procedures and 
principles relating to the application of Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code, which article regulates 
the measures that Turkish companies (i.e., joint stock companies, limited liability companies and limited 
partnerships, in which the capital is divided into shares, including financial institutions) are required to adopt 
in case of loss of capital or insolvency. This new communiqué aims to clarify and complement the remedial 
actions that can be taken in relation to the treatment of foreign exchange losses in the calculation of the loss of 
capital or insolvency. As companies in Türkiye prepare their financial statements in Turkish Lira, the value of 
any foreign currency-denominated asset and liability is converted into Turkish Lira based upon the currency 
rate applicable as of the date of such financial statements; however, until 1 January 2023 (which has been further 
delayed to 1 January 2025 on 31 October 2023), the communiqué allows companies to disregard any losses 
arising from the exchange rate volatility of any outstanding foreign currency-denominated liability while 
making any capital loss or insolvency calculations. As such, companies will not be required to apply any 
measures set forth in Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code to maintain their capital if the relevant loss 
of capital or insolvency arises from currency fluctuations.
Financial Services Fee
Pursuant to Heading XI of Tariff No. 8 attached to the Law on Fees (Law No. 492) amended by the Law No. 
5951, banks are required to pay to the relevant tax office to which their head office reports an annual financial 
services fee for each of their branches. The amount of the fee is determined in accordance with the population 
of the district in which the relevant branch is located.

--- Page 275 ---
275
Corporate Governance Principles
On 3 January 2014, the CMB issued the Corporate Governance Communiqué No. II-17.1 replacing the 
Communiqué on the Determination and Implementation of Corporate Governance Principles Series IV, No. 56 
dated 30 December 2011. The Corporate Governance Communiqué provides certain mandatory and non-
mandatory corporate governance principles as well as rules regarding related-party transactions and a 
company’s investor relations department. Some provisions of the Corporate Governance Communiqué are 
applicable to all companies incorporated in Türkiye and listed on the BİST, whereas some others are applicable 
solely to companies whose shares are traded in certain markets of the BİST. The Corporate Governance 
Communiqué provides specific exemptions and/or rules applicable to banks that are traded on the BİST.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is subject to the Corporate Governance Principles stated in the 
banking regulations and the regulations for capital markets that are applicable to banks. Where the Bank does 
not comply with any of the non-mandatory principles applicable to it under the Corporate Governance 
Communiqué, it will explain any such non-compliance in its annual Corporate Governance Principles 
Compliance Report, which is published as part of the Bank’s annual report.
The Corporate Governance Communiqué contains principles relating to: (a) companies’ shareholders, (b) public 
disclosure and transparency, (c) the stakeholders of companies and (d) the board of directors. A number of 
principles are compulsory, while the remaining principles apply on a “comply or explain” basis. The Corporate 
Governance Communiqué classifies listed companies into three categories according to their market 
capitalisation and the market value of their free-float shares, subject to recalculation on an annual basis.
The mandatory principles under the Corporate Governance Communiqué include provisions relating to: (a) the 
composition of the board of directors, (b) appointment of independent board members, (c) board committees, 
(d) specific corporate approval requirements for related party transactions, transactions that may result in a 
conflict of interest and certain other transactions deemed material by the Corporate Governance Communiqué 
and (e) information rights in connection with general assembly meetings.
Listed companies are required to have independent board members, who should meet the mandatory 
qualifications required for independent board members as set out in the Corporate Governance Communiqué. 
Independent board members should constitute one-third of the board of directors and should not be fewer than 
two; however, publicly traded banks are required to appoint at least three independent board members to their 
board of directors. The members of a bank’s audit committee are qualified as independent board members, in 
which case the above-mentioned qualifications for independent members are not applicable; provided that when 
all independent board members are selected from the audit committee, at least one member should meet the 
mandatory qualification required for independent board members as set out in the Corporate Governance 
Communiqué. The Corporate Governance Communiqué further initiated a pre-assessment system to determine 
the “independency” of individuals nominated as independent board members in “1 Group and 2 Group” 
companies (for banks, to the extent such independent board members are not members of that bank’s audit 
committee). Those nominated for such positions must be evaluated by the “Corporate Governance Committee” 
or the “Nomination Committee”, if any, of the board of directors for fulfilling the applicable criteria stated in 
the Corporate Governance Communiqué. The Corporate Governance Communiqué also requires listed 
companies, except banks, to establish certain other board committees. The Bank is classified as a “1 Group” 
company.
In addition to the mandatory principles regarding the composition of the board and the independent board 
members, the Corporate Governance Communiqué introduced specific corporate approval requirements for all 
material related party transactions. All those types of transactions shall be approved by the majority of the 
independent board members. If not, then they shall be brought to the general assembly meeting where related 
parties to those transactions are not allowed to vote. Meeting quorum shall not be sought for these resolutions

--- Page 276 ---
276
and the resolution quorum is the simple majority of the attendees who may vote. For banks and financial 
institutions, transactions with related parties arising from their ordinary activities are not subject to the 
requirements of related party transactions.
The Capital Markets Law authorises the CMB to require listed companies to comply with the corporate 
governance principles in whole or in part and to take certain measures with a view to ensure compliance with 
the new principles, which include requesting injunctions from the court or filing lawsuits to determine or to 
revoke any unlawful transactions or actions that contradict with these principles.
In addition to the provisions of the Corporate Governance Communiqué related to the remuneration policy of 
banks, the BRSA published a guideline on good pricing practices in banks on 26 October 2015 (which entered 
into force on 31 March 2016). This guideline sets out the general principles for employee remuneration as well 
as standards for remuneration to be made to the board of directors and senior management of banks.
Anti-Money Laundering
Türkiye is a member country of the Financial Action Task Force (“FATF”) and has enacted laws to combat 
money laundering, terrorist financing and other financial crimes. In Türkiye, all banks and their employees are 
obligated to implement and fulfil certain requirements regarding the treatment of activities that may be referred 
to as money laundering set forth in Law No. 5549 on Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime.
Minimum standards and duties under such law and related legislation include customer identification, record 
keeping, suspicious transaction reporting, employee training, monitoring activities and the designation of a 
compliance officer. Suspicious transactions must be reported to the Financial Crimes Investigation Board.
In an effort to ensure compliance with FATF, measures to combat the financing of terrorist activities in Türkiye 
were introduced with the entry into force of Law No. 6415 on the Prevention of the Financing of Terrorism (the 
“CFT Law”) on 16 February 2013. In order to address shortcomings identified by the FATF and with a view to 
achieving compatibility with international standards as outlined under the International Convention for the 
Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism and annexes thereto, the CFT Law introduced an expanded scope to 
the financing of terrorism offense (as defined under Turkish anti-terrorism laws). The CFT Law also presented 
new principles and mechanisms for identifying and freezing terrorist assets and facilitates the implementation 
of United Nations Security Council decisions, in particular those relating to entities and/or individuals placed 
on sanction lists. On 31 May 2013, the Regulation on Procedures and Principles Regarding the Application of 
the Law on the Prevention of the Financing of Terrorism became effective, which regulation provides the 
procedures and principles for the decision- making, execution and termination of the freezing of assets as well 
as the management and supervision of frozen assets. In addition, the Council of Ministers’ Decree dated 30 
September 2013 implementing United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1267, 1988 and 1989 and recent 
court decisions have further improved Türkiye’s compliance with the FATF standard on criminalisation of 
terrorist financing.
On 21 June 2014, “The Financial Crimes Investigation Board General Communiqué No. 12” (the scope of 
which consists of rules regarding: (a) the necessary actions to be taken by persons, institutions and organisations 
that keep assets or records of such assets in accordance with the provisions of applicable law for the enforcement 
of decisions to freeze assets, and (b) the management of frozen assets in accordance with provisions of 
applicable law within the scope of the permission granted by Financial Crimes Investigation Board) became 
effective.
Moreover, the Law on Preventing the Financing of the Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction (Law No. 
7262) for regulating the procedures and principles regarding the implementation of the sanctions decisions of 
the United Nations Security Council and preventing the financing of the proliferation of weapons of mass

--- Page 277 ---
277
destruction entered into force as of 31 December 2020 pursuant to the Official Gazette dated 31 December 2020 
and numbered 31351/5.
These regulations include requirements to have written policies and procedures on anti-money laundering and 
“know your customer” principles such as, assigning a compliance officer, an audit and review function to test 
the robustness of anti-money laundering policies and procedures.
Manipulation and Misleading Transactions in Financial Markets
On 20 February 2020, a new market manipulation concept was introduced into Turkish law by way of 
amendments made to the Banking Law. According to Article 76/A of the Banking Law, manipulation in financial 
markets will be deemed to occur, where a bank within the remit of the Banking Law, by way of undertaking 
banking activities as set forth under Article 4 of the Banking Law, (i) engages in activities with a view to making 
or creating artificial, false or misleading demand, supply or foreign exchange rate, (ii) disseminates false or 
misleading information through various media, including the internet, or (iii) engages in such other activities 
that would create misleading information for, or would otherwise mislead, investors.
On 7 May 2020, the Regulation on Manipulative and Misleading Transactions in the Financial Markets (the 
“Manipulation Regulation”) was published in the Official Gazette. The Manipulation Regulation aims to 
clarify which activities fall within the ambit of the recently introduced manipulation offence, thereby aiming at 
curbing manipulative transactions that could worsen the current volatility of the Turkish Lira or, otherwise, 
harm the Turkish economy at large.
Pursuant to the Manipulation Regulation, certain acts performed by banks are deemed to be manipulative and 
misleading transactions and practices in financial markets. Turkish banks that engage in manipulative and 
misleading transactions may have a fine imposed of up to 5 per cent. of the sum of interest, profit share income, 
fees and commissions and other income of banking operations specified in the bank’s most recent year-end 
financial statements, with such fine being no less than twice the benefit that such bank has derived from the 
concerned transaction.
Credit Guarantee Fund (“CGF”)
The CGF was established pursuant to Decree No. 93/4496 dated 14 July 1993 in order to provide guarantees 
for SMEs and other enterprises, in particular, to those that are not able to obtain bank loans due to their 
insufficient collateral. In order to improve financing possibilities and contribute to the effective operation of the 
credit system, pursuant to provisional Article 20 of the Law regarding the Regulation of Public Financing and 
Debt Management (Law No. 4749) dated 28 March 2002, resources of up to TL 2 billion could be transferred 
by the Minister in charge of the Turkish Treasury to the credit guarantee institutions. This amount was increased 
to TL 25 billion in accordance with the Law No. 6770 dated 18 January 2017. Currently, this amount is TL 100 
billion as increased with the amendment made on 5 July 2022 in accordance with the Law No. 7417. In addition, 
pursuant to Decree No. 2016/9538 on Treasury Support to be provided to the Credit Guarantee Institutions 
(published in the Official Gazette No. 29896 and dated 22 November 2016), the CGF guarantees are supported 
by the Turkish Treasury. Pursuant to an amendment to such Decree published in the Official Gazette dated 30 
March 2020, the Turkish Development and Investment Bank was added among the eligible lenders and natural 
persons were explicitly added as eligible borrowers. On 30 March 2020, in order to address the economic impact 
of the COVID-19 coronavirus, the amount available under the CGF programme was increased from TL 25 
billion to TL 50 billion and the total amount of guarantees that may be given by the CGF was increased from 
TL 250 billion to TL 500 billion (along with increases in the guarantee limits with respect to individual borrower 
groups). On 13 August 2022, the total amount of guarantees that may be given by the CGF was increased from

--- Page 278 ---
278
TL 500 billion to TL 1 trillion. Additional increases that are tailored to specific sectors have also been 
implemented.
Pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 162 published in the Official Gazette dated 11 October 2018, loans 
guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury under the CGF programme may be restructured up to 96 months for working 
capital loans and up to 156 months for investment loans. Such Presidential Decree also requires lenders to 
provide an opportunity to borrowers to restructure their CGF-guaranteed loans prior to any recourse to the CGF 
guarantee.
Foreign Exchange Legislation
F/X Loan Restriction
Decree 32 and the Capital Movements Circular of the CBRT (“Capital Movements Circular”) have been 
amended, effective as of 2 May 2018, in order to introduce new restrictions on Turkish resident legal entities 
utilising foreign currency loans from Türkiye and outside of Türkiye. While the new regime continues to 
maintain the existing prohibition on Turkish individuals utilising foreign exchange loans and foreign exchange 
indexed loans, it further introduces a strict prohibition on Turkish resident non-bank legal entities (“Corporate 
Borrower”) utilising foreign currency indexed loans and also brings in new restrictions on Corporate Borrowers 
utilising foreign currency loans (“F/X Loan Restriction”).
Accordingly, a Corporate Borrower shall only be permitted to utilise foreign currency loans if (i) it generates 
foreign currency-denominated income (which is defined as “the revenue derived from export, transit trade, sales 
and deliveries considered as export and foreign currency generating activities” in the new legislation, activities 
which are accepted as foreign currency income and other activities to be approved by the relevant Ministry) 
(the “F/X Income Exemption”); (ii) the purpose of the loan is to finance an activity that is exempt from the 
F/X Loan Restriction (the “Activity Exemption”); or (iii) if, as of 2 May 2018, the unpaid outstanding balance 
of its total foreign currency loans (“Loan Balance”) is more than U.S.$15 million.
As far as the F/X Income Exemption is concerned, if the Loan Balance of a Corporate Borrower is below 
U.S.$15 million, the sum of the foreign currency loan to be utilised and the existing Loan Balance must not be 
more than the combined value of its foreign currency incomes as stated in its financial statements for the last 
three financial years. The Turkish-resident financial institution lenders are obliged to control whether such 
Corporate Borrower complies with this rule. In case of any non-compliance with the F/X Loan Restriction rules, 
the Turkish-resident financial institution lenders are obliged to either cancel or convert into Turkish Lira, the 
portion of the foreign currency loan that exceeds this value. In case of a breach of Decree 32 and the relevant 
legislation, an administrative monetary fine may be imposed.
In respect of the Activity Exemption, a legal entity must qualify as a public institution, bank, factoring, financial 
leasing or financing company resident in Türkiye in order to utilise foreign currency loans. In the case of 
Corporate Borrowers, the Activity Exemption must relate to an activity in the context of, among others, (i) a 
domestic tender with an international element awarded to such Corporate Borrower; (ii) defence industry 
projects approved by the Presidency Defence Industry; (iii) public private partnership projects; or (iv) an export, 
transit trade, sales and related deliveries subject to the relevant Corporate Borrower certifying the scope of its 
relevant activity and its potential sources of foreign currency incomes (muhtemel döviz geliri). In order for a 
Corporate Borrower to benefit from the Activity Exemption summarised in item (iv), it must not have any 
foreign currency revenue within the last three financial years (which otherwise, would be subject to the F/X 
Income Exemption) and the maximum amount of foreign currency loan such Corporate Borrower can utilise is 
limited to the amount stated in its certified sources of foreign revenue.
The Turkish Treasury is entitled to extend the scope of the Activity Exemption, and has exercised such authority 
in respect of, among others, privatisation tenders, public tenders awarded with an F/X consideration, renewable

--- Page 279 ---
279
energy generation projects within this scope and the F/X loans to be used by fully owned (directly or indirectly) 
Turkish subsidiaries of foreign companies from other group companies resident abroad. On 8 December 2020, 
the Turkish Treasury extended the scope of the Activity Exemption by exercising its authority and included the 
F/X loans to be used by the Turkish resident legal entities which are shareholders of a Turkish resident operating 
a project established as a public-private cooperation model in order to be added to the capital of the Turkish 
company operating the project or to be used in the project. On 8 July 2021, the Turkish Treasury limited the 
scope of the Activity Exemption for the F/X loans used in renewable energy generation projects and determined 
that the licenced generating plants initiated or will initiate its operations after 1 July 2021 and the unlicenced 
generating plants become entitled to obtain call letter for execution of a connection agreement after 21 June 
2018 cannot benefit from the Activity Exemption. 
F/X Transaction Restriction
Furthermore, Presidential Decree No. 85 on Amendments to Decree No. 32 published in the Official Gazette 
numbered 30534 and dated 13 September 2018 amended Decree No. 32 by adding a new Article 4(g) to restrict 
the F/X transactions between Turkish residents. Following this amendment, Communiqué no. 2018-32/51 on 
Amendments to Communiqué numbered 2008-32/34, published in the Official Gazette numbered 30557 and 
dated 6 October 2018 came into force on 6 October 2018 (the “Communiqué”), and it further specifies the 
scope of the restriction, introduces a number of exemptions, and provides calculation methods for the 
conversion of existing foreign currency agreements into Turkish Lira. Under this amendment, contract prices 
and other payment obligations specified in certain types of agreements executed between persons residing in 
Türkiye must now be denominated in Turkish Lira. Accordingly, monetary obligations stipulated in sales and 
lease agreements for real estate property and vehicles, agreements to commission a work, service agreements 
(including consultancy, transportation and brokerage agreements) and employment agreements can no longer 
be determined in foreign currency or indexed to foreign currency, but need to be set in Turkish Lira. 
Additionally, contract prices of such agreements cannot be determined based on foreign currency-denominated 
precious metals or similar commodities. On 16 November 2018, the Communiqué and the scope of the 
exemptions were amended.
Pursuant to the Communiqué no. 2024-32/69 on Amendments to Communiqué numbered 2008-32/34, 
published in the Official Gazette dated 28 February 2024 and numbered 32474, payment obligations in foreign 
currency within the scope of (i) negotiable instruments issued before 19 April 2022 within the scope of 
performance of movable sales agreements entered into before 19 April 2022; (ii) invoices issued before 19 April 
2022; (iii) trading transactions of the precious metals and precious stones at Borsa İstanbul A.Ş.; (iv) movable 
sale agreements under an intermediated export contract through foreign trade capital companies and sectoral 
foreign trade companies (as defined under Communiqué on the Status of Foreign Trade Capital Companies 
published in the Official Gazette dated 8 December 2004 and numbered 25664 and the Communiqué on the 
Status of Sectoral Foreign Trade Companies published in the Official Gazette dated 2 July 2004 and numbered 
25510) and exports through companies with the status of export consortium as specified under the Presidential 
Decree dated 17 August 2022 and numbered 5973 and under the Presidential Decree dated 24 August 2022 and 
numbered 5986; (v) movable sales contracts for the delivery of goods subject to the transit and customs 
warehouse regimes under Customs Law No.4458 published in the Official Gazette dated 4 November 1999 and 
numbered 23866; and (vi) the movable sales contract within foreign trade transactions for the delivery of goods 
concluded with the companies operating in the free zone have been exempted from prohibition on payment in 
foreign currency under movable sales contracts (excluding vehicle sales contracts) between Turkish residents.
Among other exemptions, capital markets instruments (including the Notes) are exempted from this new set of 
restrictions. Accordingly, the issuance, purchase and sale of capital market instruments in accordance with the 
Capital Markets Law No. 6362 and its secondary legislation, as well as the determination of obligations in 
connection therewith, may be denominated in, or indexed to, foreign currency.

--- Page 280 ---
280
The impact of the F/X Transaction Restriction may have a negligible negative impact on the Bank in the short-
term, but the Bank’s management believes that this is a prudent action in the mid- to long-term in order to 
reduce the dependency of the Turkish economy on the U.S. Dollar and to de-dollarise the Turkish economy.
In August 2018, the BRSA capped Turkish banks’ exposure under swap, spot and forward transactions with 
foreign entities under which transactions the Turkish bank initially pays Turkish Lira and receives foreign 
currency to 25 per cent. of a bank’s regulatory capital, then reduced this level to 10 per cent. on 9 February 
2020. On 12 April 2020, as part of the government’s efforts to contain the possible adverse effects on the Turkish 
economy of the global uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the BRSA issued a press release 
announcing that this level was reduced to 1 per cent. In the case of a bank exceeding this level, new transactions 
may not be executed or renewed until the 1 per cent. level (which is calculated on a daily basis) is attained. 
However, as announced by the BRSA on 25 September 2020, the threshold of the exposure of Turkish banks 
under FX swap, option, future, forward and other similar derivative transactions with non-residents, where the 
Turkish bank receive Turkish Lira at the maturity date, was revised once again to 10 per cent. of the relevant 
bank’s regulatory capital. Transactions conducted between local banks and their consolidated affiliates located 
abroad that qualify as a bank or financial institution are exempt from this restriction. In addition, written 
approval of the BRSA is required in case there needs to be a cancellation or extension of any of these derivatives 
transactions.
On 18 December 2019, the BRSA announced that the total notional amount of a Turkish bank’s currency swaps, 
forwards, options and other similar products in transactions with non-residents with a remaining maturity of 
seven days or fewer where, at the maturity date, such bank pays Turkish Lira and receives foreign exchange 
shall not exceed 10 per cent. of such bank’s most recently calculated regulatory capital; provided that this 
restriction does not apply to transactions with a bank’s non-Turkish financial subsidiaries and other affiliates 
that are subject to consolidation. With its press release on 12 April 2020, the BRSA amended this threshold by 
announcing that transactions with a remaining maturity of seven days or less shall not exceed 1 per cent. of the 
applicable bank’s most recently calculated regulatory capital on any given calendar date. Such threshold was 
applied as 2 per cent. for transactions with a remaining maturity of 30 days and 10 per cent. for transactions 
with a remaining maturity of one year or less. However, upon further assessment of the markets, the BRSA 
announced on 25 September 2020 that such thresholds were revised once again to 2 per cent., 5 per cent. and 
20 per cent., respectively, for transactions with a remaining maturity of seven days or less, 30 days or less and 
one year or less. In addition, the BRSA made another announcement on 11 November 2020 and revised such 
thresholds once again to 5 per cent., 10 per cent. and 30 per cent., respectively, for transactions with a remaining 
maturity of seven days or less, 30 days or less and one year or less.
Recent Amendments to the Turkish Insolvency and Restructuring Regime
The Enforcement and Bankruptcy Law No. 2004 (the “Enforcement and Bankruptcy Law”) prevents a 
contractual arrangement under which a contractual event of default clause is stipulated to be triggered on any 
application being made by a Turkish company for debt restructuring upon settlement (uzlaşma yoluyla yeniden 
yapılandırma) within the scope of the Enforcement and Bankruptcy Law. In addition, on 15 March 2018, 
changes were introduced to the Enforcement and Bankruptcy Law including a provision that the contractual 
termination, default and acceleration clauses of an agreement cannot be triggered by the debtor making a 
concordat (konkordato) application under the Enforcement and Bankruptcy Law and such application not to 
constitute a breach of such agreement.
On 15 August 2018, the BRSA published the Regulation on Restructuring of Debts in the Financial Sector (the 
“Restructuring Regulation”) which was amended on 21 November 2018 and 12 September 2019, with a view 
to regulate a financial restructuring opportunity for Turkish companies that are in financial distress and have 
entered into loan transactions with: (i) Turkish banks; (ii) financial lease, factoring and financing companies;

--- Page 281 ---
281
(iii) banks and financial institutions established outside Türkiye; (iv) multilateral banks and institutions which 
directly invest in Türkiye; (v) special purpose companies established by the foregoing institutions for collection 
of receivables; and/or (vi) investment funds established as per the Capital Market Law (“Creditor 
Institutions”). The Restructuring Regulation sets forth the procedures and principles on financial restructuring 
framework agreement(s) (the “Framework Agreement”) to be executed amongst the Creditor Institutions; and 
on the respective financial restructuring agreements to be entered into by and between each respective debtor 
and the relevant Creditor Institutions within the scope of such Framework Agreement(s). The Provisional 
Article 32 of the Banking Law, which regulates the financial restructuring has come into effect on 19 July 2019, 
to be applicable for a period of two years. However, according to the Presidential Decree published in the 
Official Gazette dated 15 July 2021 and numbered 31542, duration of the Provisional Article 32 was extended 
for an additional two years and then, as per the Law No. 7491 on Amendments to Certain Laws and Decree 
Laws published on the Official Gazette dated 18 December 2023, the Provisional Article 32 of the Banking 
Law shall be effective for another two years as of such date and the president will have the power to extend this 
period for another two years .
Accordingly, some Creditor Institutions (including most of the Turkish banks) have initially executed a 
Framework Agreement dated 11 September 2018 (as amended and restated with two respective amendment 
protocols) which entered into force upon approval of the BRSB on 19 September 2018. Furthermore, 
implementation of the restructuring for large-scale companies which are financially indebted against banks and 
financial institutions for an outstanding principal amount of more than TL 25 million has recently been initiated 
with a Framework Agreement applicable to the Restructuring for the Large-Scale Companies published on the 
website of the Banks Association of Türkiye on 9 October 2019 and which has been signed by 24 Turkish banks 
and 33 other Turkish financial institutions as of the date hereof. On 8 November 2019, implementation of the 
restructuring for small-scale companies, for which the respective outstanding principal amounts are lower than 
TL 25 million, was published and has been signed by 23 Turkish banks and 30 other Turkish financial 
institutions as of the date hereof.
Turkish Lira Borrowing Restrictions
On 24 June 2022, the BRSA introduced Turkish Lira borrowing restrictions (and further clarified with the press 
release dated 26 June 2022, the Board Resolution No. 10265 dated 7 July 2022, and the Board Resolution No. 
10389 dated 21 October 2022, the “TL Loan Restriction”) for non-financial institution companies that are 
subject to independent audit. Pursuant to these restrictions, such companies may only borrow Turkish Lira-
denominated commercial cash loans from Turkish banks and financial leasing, factoring and financing 
companies subject to various restrictions depending upon the amount of their foreign currency assets (including 
(inter alia) gold, foreign currency cash, foreign exchange deposits and foreign currency-denominated securities 
but excluding foreign currency-denominated securities issued by Türkiye itself).
As such, the TL Loan Restriction is applicable to the companies which satisfy each of the following conditions: 

the company must be subject to independent audit (e.g. companies with assets/employees/revenues 
exceeding specified thresholds, companies holding an EMRA licence, public companies, etc.);

the company’s FX cash assets (including (inter alia) gold, effective FX and FX deposits, and foreign 
currency-denominated securities except foreign currency-denominated securities issued by Türkiye 
itself) are above TL 10 million in hard currency at the time of loan application; and 

the company’s such FX cash assets must be higher than 5 per cent. of (a) its total assets; or (b) its net 
sales revenues in the last year (whichever is higher).

--- Page 282 ---
282
Accordingly, the companies which do not satisfy all of the foregoing conditions will not be subject to the TL 
Loan Restriction, and will be eligible to borrow new TL cash commercial loans (including swap transactions).
The BRSA has, however, provided an exception for companies who are not permitted to borrow Turkish Lira-
denominated commercial cash loans due to this restriction and foreign currency-denominated loans due to other 
restrictions imposed by applicable laws at the time of the loan application, which companies are permitted to 
borrow Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans in an amount up to the amount of their three month 
foreign currency net position deficit as declared by the company at the time of loan application and then 
confirmed by the company’s independent auditors or a certified public accountant at the end of every three 
month period. Where any such companies have entities that consolidate into them, these calculations are made 
on a consolidated basis (though disregarding non-Turkish entities).
Such companies with such foreign currency assets of less than the above-noted amount are permitted to borrow 
Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans; provided that they submit a declaration that: (a) their current 
foreign exchange assets, total assets and net sales revenue for the most recent financial year do not exceed the 
relevant thresholds at the time of the loan application and (b) they undertake that the Turkish Lira equivalent of 
their foreign exchange assets will not exceed such amount (or, if it exceeds such amount, it will not exceed 5 
per cent. of the higher of their total assets and net sales revenue for the last financial year ending during the 
term of such loan). In addition, such companies must (every three months) submit to the lending bank(s) a 
declaration confirmed by their independent auditor or a certified public accountant reaffirming that the above 
remain true in order to ensure that such bank(s) is/are able to monitor such declaration and undertaking. 
However, due to the two earthquakes with a magnitude of 7.7 and 7.6 (respectively) on the Richter scale that 
occurred in Kahramanmaraş on 6 February 2023 and affected 10 different cities, on 10 February 2023 the BRSA 
announced that such confirmations of the independent auditors or certified public accountants for the loans 
provided to the companies incorporated in the affected cities between 1 October 2022 and 31 December 2022, 
may be submitted to the relevant creditor banks until 31 March 2023, and for the loans provided or to be 
provided to the companies incorporated in the affected cities between 1 January 2023 and 31 March 2023, may 
be submitted to the relevant creditor banks until 30 June 2023. In addition, on 23 February 2023, the BRSA 
announced that such provisional measure shall also be applied to the disaster areas effective in general life 
which shall be determined pursuant to the criteria regulated under the Regulation on the Basic Rules Regarding 
the Effectiveness of Disasters to General Life.
In addition, (i) TL spot cash commercial loans: (a) in respect of which a contract was signed (but the 
disbursement had not yet taken place) as of 24 June 2022; and (b) which were disbursed within the week starting 
on 27 June 2022 will not be subject to the TL Loan Restriction; and the banks are not required to conduct further 
checks to ensure compliance with the TL Loan Restriction with respect to these loans; and (ii) the companies 
which will become subject to the requirement to undertake an independent audit for the first time at the year-
end of 2022, will not be subject to the TL Loan Restriction. 
Additional Regulatory Measures Related to COVID-19
In addition to the other temporary measures described above relating to the government’s response to the 
COVID-19 pandemic, the BRSA announced on 23 March 2020 that (effective until 31 December 2020) and 16 
April 2020 certain measures to support banks’ calculation of capital adequacy ratios and net foreign currency 
positions. Pursuant to these temporary rules, banks are entitled to use the 2019 year-end buying exchange rates 
in certain cases of calculating the Turkish Lira-equivalent amount of loans and other credits subject to credit 
risk (particularly when making such calculations with respect to cash and non-cash assets, excluding assets in 
foreign currency measured in historical cost). In addition, these temporary rules allow a bank to: (a) calculate 
the level of capital used in its capital adequacy ratio calculations by disregarding the negative net valuation 
differences related to the securities held in its “securities whose fair value difference is reflected in other 
comprehensive income” portfolio before 23 March 2020, (b) calculate its net foreign currency position by

--- Page 283 ---
283
disregarding any decline in value of the securities they held in their portfolio before 23 March 2020 and (c) if 
the net valuation differences of the securities classified in the “fair value through other comprehensive income” 
portfolio as of 23 March 2020 are negative, exclude these differences through 31 December 2020 (as per the 
decision dated 8 December 2020, extended through 30 June 2021, and as per the decision dated 21 December 
2021, further extended only for the “securities whose fair value difference is reflected in other comprehensive 
income” are negative as of 21 December 2021, and as for the “securities whose fair value difference is reflected 
in other comprehensive income” acquired after 21 December 2021, the relevant provisions of the Regulation 
on Banks’ Equity will continue to be implemented) when calculating such bank’s legal equity in accordance 
with the 2013 Equity Regulation and its capital adequacy ratio. Then, as per its decision dated 21 December 
2021, ended the suspension other than for the “securities whose fair value difference is reflected in other 
comprehensive income” were negative as of 21 December 2021 however, as per its decision dated 12 December 
2023, the BRSA further decided that in case of securities whose fair value difference is reflected in other 
comprehensive income as negative as of 1 January 2024, such difference may be disregarded in the calculation 
of the capital used in capital adequacy ratio calculations (the relevant provisions of the Regulation on Banks’ 
Equity will continue to be implemented for securities obtained after 1 January 2024 whose fair value difference 
is reflected in other comprehensive income).
On 16 September 2021 the BRSA announced that until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use 
the average of the CBRT’s foreign exchange buying rates during the 252 business days before the calculation 
date when calculating the risk-weighted amounts of credit risk exposures and the relevant special provision 
amounts as per TFRS for both cash and non-cash assets other than assets in foreign currency measured on a 
historical cost basis instead of using the relevant foreign exchange buying rate as of the calculation date. In 
addition, on 21 December 2021 the BRSA made another announcement in this regard and determined that as of 
1 January 2022, until such date as determined by the BRSA, that banks may use the average of the CBRT’s 
foreign exchange buying rates during the 252 business days as of 31 December 2021 when calculating the risk-
weighted amounts of credit risk exposures and the relevant special provision amounts as per TFRS for both 
cash and non-cash assets other than assets in foreign currency measured on a historical cost basis instead of 
using the relevant foreign exchange buying rate as of the calculation date. On 31 January 2023 the BRSA further 
amended this rule so that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the CBRT’s foreign 
exchange buying rates as of 30 December 2022 in such calculations. On 12 December 2023, the BRSA further 
amended this rule so that, starting as of 1 January 2024, banks may use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange 
buying rates as of 26 June 2023 in such calculations. On 5 May 2020, the BRSA imposed a new requirement 
that certain Turkish Lira transactions (i.e., Turkish Lira-denominated placements, CBRT reserves, repurchase 
transactions and loans) performed by a Turkish bank with foreign financial institutions, including this Turkish 
bank’s foreign branches and consolidated foreign subsidiaries regarded as credit institutions and financial 
institutions, are limited to 0.5 per cent. of such Turkish bank’s latest calculated shareholders’ equity (as 
calculated on a bank-only basis) as reported to the BRSA on a monthly basis (the “TRY Outflow Restriction”). 
If a Turkish bank exceeds such limit, then such bank is not allowed to enter into any new such transactions (or 
renew any existing such transactions upon their maturity) until such bank is in compliance with this limit. On 
20 May 2020, the BRSA declared that any such transactions that clear through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are not to be included in the numerator of such calculation. This new measure aims to increase the 
efficient use of Turkish Lira resources, primarily to satisfy the financing needs of the public and private sectors, 
which measure is expected to be effective until the extraordinary conditions that exist due to the COVID-19 
pandemic have ceased. On 28 July 2020, the BRSA clarified that the exemption set forth on 20 May 2020 will 
be limited only to the clearing activities of securities denominated in Turkish Lira carried out at domestically 
or abroad; and exempted from the restrictions on access to Turkish Lira, the swap transactions with Turkish 
Lira purchase in maturity (where in the first leg of the swap transaction, receives Turkish Lira in exchange for 
foreign currency) carried out with the domestic bank reported as the account operator in the over-the-counter 
or in Borsa İstanbul foreign exchange swap market and short-term funding operations of them to be made to

--- Page 284 ---
284
the Turkish Lira accounts owned by foreign residents, provided that it is limited to the clearing activities of 
securities denominated in Turkish Lira issued by domestic and foreign residents. On 6 August 2020, the BRSA 
announced new exemptions to the TRY Outflow Restriction in favour of all foreign banks (save for international 
development banks, which continue to be subject to the broader exemption regime set out under the BRSA 
Resolution dated 28 July 2020). Accordingly, foreign banks may enter into the following transactions without 
being subject to the TRY Outflow Restriction: 

FX swap trades, under which the foreign bank buys Turkish Lira in exchange of foreign currency at the 
initial exchange date (i.e. where the foreign bank will sell TL at the maturity date); 

swap trades entered into in the Borsa İstanbul FX swap market, where the foreign bank buys Turkish 
Lira in exchange of foreign currency at the initial exchange date;

repo and reverse repo transactions in the Borsa İstanbul Repo market; and 

TL-denominated deposits with Turkish banks, 
provided, in each case that (i) the foreign bank may only use any Turkish Lira received from Turkish banks as 
a result of such transactions towards investing in Turkish Lira-denominated securities, and must park any excess 
Turkish Lira liquidity into accounts held with Turkish banks, and (ii) the relevant foreign bank must give an 
undertaking to the Turkish counterparty bank with respect to the intended use of Turkish Lira proceeds and 
obtain the BRSA’s prior approval in this respect. On 30 November 2020, the BRSA further exempted from this 
calculation overdraft facilities extended to foreign financial institutions. This new measure aims to increase the 
efficient use of Turkish Lira resources and is expected to be effective until the extraordinary conditions that 
exist due to the COVID-19 pandemic have ceased.
Additionally, on 30 March 2020, in a bid to support SMEs and other Turkish businesses during the COVID-19 
pandemic, the CGF guarantee scheme was expanded with further support from the Turkish Treasury. 
Accordingly, the amount available under the CGF programme has been increased from TL 25 billion to TL 50 
billion and the total value of guarantees that may be given by the CGF was increased from TL 250 billion to TL 
500 billion. On 13 August 2022, the total amount of guarantees that may be given by the CGF was increased 
from TL 500 billion to TL 1 trillion.
Additional Regulatory Measures for Donations Related to Earthquakes Occurred on 6 February 2023
To support the donations to be made in relation to the two earthquakes with a magnitude of 7.7 and 7.6 
(respectively) on the Richter scale that occurred in Kahramanmaraş on 6 February 2023 and affected 10 different 
cities, on 17 February 2023, the Presidency of Türkiye has published the Presidential Decree numbered 124 and 
determined that the donations to be made by the banks throughout the state of emergency shall not be subject 
to the limitation set under the Article 59 of the Banking Law.

--- Page 285 ---
285
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the “Clearing Systems”) currently in 
effect. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued 
applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of the Issuer nor 
any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the 
facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests.
Pursuant to the Communiqué on Debt Instruments, the Issuer is required to notify the CRA within three Turkish 
business days from the date of issuance of any Notes, of the amount, issue date, ISIN (if any), the first payment 
date, maturity date, interest rate, name of the custodian, currency of the Notes and country of issuance.
Book-entry Systems
DTC
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking 
Law, a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a “clearing corporation” 
within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant 
to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its direct participants (“Direct Participants”) 
deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Direct Participants of securities transactions, such 
as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in Direct 
Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct 
Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain 
other organisations. DTC is owned by a number of its Direct Participants and by NYSE Euronext and the 
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Access to the DTC System is also available to others such as 
securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship 
with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly (“Indirect Participants” and, together with Direct 
Participants, “Participants”).
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the “Rules”), DTC 
makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect 
to Notes accepted into DTC’s book-entry settlement system (“DTC Notes”) as described below and receives 
and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The Rules are on file with the SEC. 
Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC Notes (“Beneficial Owners”) have accounts with respect to 
the DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on 
behalf of their respective Beneficial Owners. Accordingly, although Beneficial Owners who hold interests in 
DTC Notes through Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the Rules, by virtue of the requirements 
described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able to 
transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes.
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each Beneficial Owner is in 
turn to be recorded on the relevant Direct and Indirect Participant’s records. Beneficial Owners will not receive 
written confirmation from DTC of their purchases, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written 
confirmations providing details of each transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the 
Participant through which the Beneficial Owner holds its interest in the DTC Notes. Transfers of ownership 
interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf

--- Page 286 ---
286
of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in 
DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued.
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in 
the name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration 
in the name of Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual 
Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose 
accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will 
remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers.
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, 
subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time.
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such 
issue to be redeemed.
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes. Under its usual procedures, DTC 
mails an omnibus proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The omnibus proxy assigns Cede 
& Co.’s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC Notes are credited 
on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the omnibus proxy).
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to DTC or its nominee. DTC’s practice is to 
credit Direct Participants’ accounts on the due date for payment in accordance with their respective holdings 
shown on DTC’s records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the due date. 
Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street 
name”, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory 
or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC or 
its nominee is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the 
responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of 
Participants.
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange the 
DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Direct Participants in accordance with 
their requests and proportionate entitlements and which, will be legended as set forth under “Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions.”
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any 
Beneficial Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or 
otherwise take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to effect such pledge through DTC and 
its Participants or if not possible to so effect it, to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC as described below.
The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities 
in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to such 
persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because 
DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect 
Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted 
by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to 
take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive 
form. The ability of any holder of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to resell,

--- Page 287 ---
287
pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired if the proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible 
to hold such Notes through a direct or indirect participant in the DTC system.
Clearstream, Luxembourg
Clearstream, Luxembourg is incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg as a professional depositary. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of 
securities transactions between Clearstream, Luxembourg customers through electronic book-entry changes in 
accounts of Clearstream, Luxembourg customers, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of 
certificates. Transactions may be settled by Clearstream, Luxembourg in any of a number of currencies, 
including U.S. Dollars and Turkish Lira. Clearstream, Luxembourg provides to its customers, among other 
things, services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities 
and securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream, Luxembourg also deals with domestic securities markets in 
several countries through established depository and custodial relationships.
Clearstream, Luxembourg is registered as a bank in Luxembourg, and as such is subject to regulation by the 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier and the Banque Centrale du Luxembourg, which supervise 
and oversee the activities of Luxembourg banks. Clearstream, Luxembourg’s customers are recognised financial 
institutions around the world, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and 
clearing corporations. Indirect access to Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear 
through or maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of Clearstream, Luxembourg. Clearstream, 
Luxembourg has established an electronic bridge with Euroclear to facilitate settlement of trades between 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear.
The ability of an owner of a beneficial interest in a Note held through Clearstream, Luxembourg to pledge such 
interest to persons or entities that do not participate in the Clearstream, Luxembourg system, or otherwise take 
action in respect of such interest, may be limited by the lack of a definitive note for such interest because 
Clearstream, Luxembourg can act only on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg’s customers, who in turn act on 
behalf of their own customers. The laws of some jurisdictions may require that certain persons take physical 
delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests in the Notes to 
such persons may be limited. In addition, beneficial owners of Notes held through the Clearstream, Luxembourg 
system will receive payments of principal, interest and any other amounts in respect of the Notes only through 
Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders.
Euroclear
Euroclear holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions 
by electronic book-entry transfer between its accountholders. Euroclear provides various services including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending 
and borrowing. Euroclear also deals with domestic securities markets in several countries through established 
depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access 
to Euroclear is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with direct 
participants in Euroclear.
The ability of an owner of a beneficial interest in a Note held through Euroclear to pledge such interest to 
persons or entities that do not participate in the Euroclear system, or otherwise take action in respect of such 
interest, may be limited by the lack of a definitive note for such interest because Euroclear can act only on 
behalf of Euroclear’s customers, who in turn act on behalf of their own customers. The laws of some 
jurisdictions may require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. 
Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests in the Notes to such persons may be limited. In addition,

--- Page 288 ---
288
beneficial owners of Notes held through the Euroclear system will receive payments of principal, interest and 
any other amounts in respect of the Notes only through Euroclear participants.
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of Global Notes
The Issuer has applied to each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to have Global Note(s) accepted in 
its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Global Note, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of 
the interests represented by such Global Note to the accounts of persons who have accounts with Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of 
the relevant Dealer or investor. Interests in such a Global Note through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, will be limited to accountholders of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as applicable. Interests in such a Global Note will be shown on, and the transfer of such interests will be effected 
only through, records maintained by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or its nominee (with respect 
to the interests of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders).
Payments with respect to interests in the Notes held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
credited to cash accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, respectively, to the extent received by each 
of them.
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note 
accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, DTC or its 
custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual 
beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Note to the accounts of persons who have accounts 
with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer or investor. 
Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note will be limited to Direct Participants or 
Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Note, the respective depositaries of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note 
accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records 
maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct 
Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants).
Payments in U.S. Dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will 
be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the case of any payment 
in a currency other than U.S. Dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its 
nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of 
such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Registered Global Note in the 
currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into 
U.S. Dollars and credited to the applicable Participants’ account.
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not 
receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants to beneficial 
owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities 
held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not the responsibility 
of DTC, the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar or the Issuer. Payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, 
on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer.

--- Page 289 ---
289
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of 
the relevant clearing system. Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered 
Notes described under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”, cross-market transfers 
between DTC, on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear 
account holders, on the other, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and 
through action taken by the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and any custodian (“Custodian”) with whom the 
relevant Registered Global Notes have been deposited.
On or after the Issue Date for any Tranche, transfers of Notes of such Tranche between account holders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Tranche between participants in DTC 
will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary arrangements 
for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers.
Cross-market transfers between account holders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is 
no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, 
transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the Fiscal 
Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the transferor and 
arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee. 
In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg account 
holders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery-versus-payment basis. The securities will be 
delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately.
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed 
to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and account holders 
of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue 
to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the 
Issuer, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or account holders of their respective obligations 
under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented 
by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
interests.

--- Page 290 ---
290
TAXATION
General
This is a general summary of certain Turkish and other tax considerations in connection with an investment in 
Notes. This summary does not address all aspects of Turkish or any other tax law. While this summary is 
considered to be a correct interpretation of existing laws in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, there 
can be no assurance that those laws or the interpretation of those laws will not change. This summary does not 
discuss all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to an investor in light of such investor’s particular 
circumstances. Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers with respect to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership or disposition of Notes (or the purchase, ownership or disposition by 
an owner of beneficial interests therein) as well as any tax consequences that may arise in respect thereof under 
the laws of any relevant state, municipality or other taxing jurisdiction.
Certain Turkish Tax Considerations
References to “resident” herein refer to tax residents of Türkiye and references to “non-resident” herein refer 
to persons who are not tax residents of Türkiye.
The following discussion is a summary of certain Turkish tax considerations relating to an investment by a 
person who is a non-resident of Türkiye in Notes of a Turkish company issued abroad. The discussion is based 
upon current law and is for general information only. The discussion below is not intended to constitute a 
complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Notes that 
may be relevant to a decision to make an investment in the Notes. Furthermore, the discussion only relates to 
the beneficial interest of a person in the Notes where the Notes will not be held in connection with the conduct 
of a trade or business through a permanent establishment in Türkiye. Each investor should consult its own tax 
advisers concerning the tax considerations applicable to its particular situation. This discussion is based upon 
laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, all of which are subject 
to change, possibly with a retroactive effect. In addition, it does not describe any tax consequences: (a) arising 
under the laws of any taxing jurisdiction other than Türkiye or (b) applicable to a resident of Türkiye or a 
permanent establishment in Türkiye resulting either from the existence of a fixed place of business or 
appointment of a permanent representative.
For Turkish tax purposes, a legal entity is a resident of Türkiye if its corporate domicile is in Türkiye or its 
effective place of management is in Türkiye. A resident legal entity is subject to Turkish taxes on its worldwide 
income, whereas a non-resident legal entity is only liable for Turkish taxes on its trading income made through 
a permanent establishment or on income otherwise sourced in Türkiye.
An individual is a resident of Türkiye if such individual has established domicile in Türkiye or stays in Türkiye 
more than six months in a calendar year. On the other hand, foreign individuals who stay in Türkiye for six 
months or more for a specific job or business or particular purposes that are specified in the Turkish Income 
Tax Law may not be treated as a resident of Türkiye, depending on the characteristics of their stay. A resident 
individual is liable for Turkish taxes on their worldwide income, whereas a non-resident individual is only liable 
for Turkish taxes on income sourced in Türkiye.
Income from capital investment is sourced in Türkiye when the principal is invested in Türkiye. Capital gain 
derived from trading income is considered sourced in Türkiye when the activity or transaction generating such 
income is performed or accounted for in Türkiye. The term “accounted for” means that a payment is made in 
Türkiye, or if the payment is made abroad, it is recorded in the books in Türkiye or apportioned from the profits 
of the payer or the person on whose behalf the payment is made in Türkiye.
Any withholding tax levied on income derived by a non-resident person is the final tax for the non-resident 
person and no further declaration is required. Any other income of a non-resident person sourced in Türkiye

--- Page 291 ---
291
that has not been subject to withholding tax will be subject to taxation through declaration where treaty relief 
and exemptions are reserved.
Interest paid on debt instruments (such as the Notes under the Programme) issued abroad by a resident 
corporation is subject to withholding tax as regulated through the Tax Decrees. The withholding tax rates are 
set according to the original maturity of notes issued abroad by resident corporations as follows:

7 per cent. withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of less than one year,

3 per cent. withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of at least one year and less 
than three years, and 

0 per cent. withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of three years or more.
Interest income derived by a resident corporation or individual is subject to further declaration and the 
withholding tax paid can be offset from the tax calculated on the tax return. For resident individuals, the entire 
gain is required to be declared if the interest income derived exceeds TL 230,000 (for the income derived in 
2024) together with the gains from other marketable securities and real income from immovable property and 
salaries (except for salaries referred to under Article 86/1 of the Turkish Income Tax Law); provided that they 
were all subjected to income taxation through withholding. For resident corporations, the total interest income 
is subject to declaration.
In general, capital gains are not taxed through withholding tax and therefore any capital gain sourced in Türkiye 
with respect to the Notes may be subject to declaration. However, pursuant to Provisional Article 67 (which is 
currently expressed to be effective until 31 December 2025) of the Turkish Income Tax Law, as amended by 
laws numbered 6111, 6555, 7256 and 7491 special or separate tax returns will not be submitted for capital gains 
from the notes of a Turkish corporate issued abroad when the income is derived by a non-resident. Therefore, 
no tax is levied on non-resident persons in respect of capital gains from the Notes and no declaration is required.
A non-resident holder will not be liable for Turkish estate, inheritance or similar tax with respect to its 
investment in the Notes, nor will it be liable for any Turkish stamp issue, registration or similar tax or duty 
relating thereto.
Capital gains realised by a resident corporation or individual on the sale or redemption of the Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) are subject to income tax or corporate (income) tax declaration. The corporate 
income tax rate in Türkiye in 2024 is: (a) 30 per cent. for banks, financial leasing, factoring and financing 
companies, e-money and payment services institutions, authorised foreign exchange currency-related entities, 
asset management companies (varlık yönetim şirketleri), securities intermediaries and other capital markets 
institutions, insurance and reinsurance companies and pension companies and (b) 25 per cent. for other 
corporate entities (the current rate for individuals’ income tax ranges from 15 per cent. to 40 per cent. at 
progressive rates). For resident individuals, the acquisition cost can be increased at the Producer Price Index 
rate of increase for each month except for the month of discharge so long as such index increased by at least 10 
per cent. 
Due to the February 2023 earthquakes in Kahramanmaraş, a one-time additional tax was (pursuant to 
amendments made by Law No. 7440 on the “Restructuring of Certain Receivables and Amending Some Laws” 
published in the Official Gazette on 12 March 2023) announced to be charged for fiscal years ending in 2022 
to corporate taxpayers (other than the ones located in the provinces and districts affected by such earthquakes) 
that benefit from certain exemptions and deductions in the calculation of their corporate income tax. This 
additional tax amount varies from 5 per cent. to 10 per cent. depending upon the condition of the relevant 
taxpayer.

--- Page 292 ---
292
Reduced Withholding Tax Rates
Under current Turkish laws and regulations, interest payments on notes issued abroad by a resident corporation 
will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate between 7 per cent. and 0 per cent. (inclusive) in Türkiye, as 
detailed above.
If a double taxation treaty is in effect between Türkiye and the country of which the holder of the notes is an 
income tax resident (in some cases, for example, pursuant to the treaties with the UK and the United States, the 
term “beneficial owner” is used), which provides for the application of a lower withholding tax rate than the 
local rate to be applied by the issuer corporation, then the lower rate may be applicable. For the application of 
withholding at a reduced rate that benefits from the provisions of a double tax treaty concluded between Türkiye 
and the country where the investor is a resident, an original copy of the certificate of residence signed by the 
competent authority is required, with a translated copy certified by a notary or the Turkish embassy in the 
relevant country, to verify that the investor is subject to taxation over its worldwide gains in the relevant country 
on the basis of resident taxpayer status, as a resident of such country to the related tax office directly or through 
the banks and intermediary institutions prior to the application of withholding. In the event the certificate of 
residence is not delivered prior to the application of withholding tax, then upon the subsequent delivery of the 
certificate of residence, a refund of the excess tax shall be granted pursuant to the provisions of the relevant 
double taxation treaty and the Turkish tax legislation.
Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder (as defined below). This summary does not address the material U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of every type of Note which may be issued under the Programme and the 
applicable Final Terms may contain additional or modified disclosure concerning the material U.S. federal 
income tax consequences relevant to such type of Note as appropriate. This summary deals only with initial 
purchasers of Notes that acquire the Notes in an offering at their initial offering price that are U.S. Holders and 
that will hold the Notes as capital assets. The discussion does not cover all aspects of U.S. federal income 
taxation that may be relevant to, or the actual tax effect that any of the matters described herein will have on, 
the acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes by particular investors (including consequences under the 
alternative minimum tax or net investment income tax), and does not address state, local, non-U.S. or other tax 
laws (such as estate or gift tax laws). This summary also does not discuss all of the tax considerations that may 
be relevant to certain types of investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws 
(such as financial institutions, insurance companies, individual retirement accounts and other tax-deferred 
accounts, tax-exempt organisations, dealers in securities or currencies, investors that will hold the Notes as part 
of straddles, hedging transactions or conversion transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes, persons that 
have ceased to be U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents of the United States, investors holding the Notes 
in connection with a trade or business conducted outside of the United States, U.S. citizens or lawful permanent 
residents living abroad, U.S. Holders that are required to take certain amounts into income no later than the 
time such amounts are reflected on an applicable financial statement, or investors whose functional currency is 
not the U.S. dollar). Moreover, the summary deals only with Notes with a term of 30 years or less. The U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of owning Notes with a longer term will be discussed in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
As used herein, the term “U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of Notes that is, for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation created or organised under 
the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate the income of which 
is subject to U.S. federal income tax without regard to its source or (iv) a trust if a court within the United States 
is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have

--- Page 293 ---
293
the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or the trust has validly elected to be treated as a 
domestic trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes that holds Notes will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the 
partnership. Prospective purchasers that are entities or arrangements treated as partnerships for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes should consult their tax adviser concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences to 
them and their partners of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Notes by the partnership.
This summary is based on the tax laws of the United States including the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “Code”), its legislative history, existing and proposed regulations thereunder, published rulings 
and court decisions, as well as on the income tax treaty between the United States and Türkiye (the “Treaty”), 
all as of the date hereof and subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect.
Bearer Notes are not being offered to U.S. Holders. A U.S. Holder who owns a Bearer Note may be subject to 
limitations under United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Code. This discussion does not address the consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of Bearer Notes.
THE SUMMARY OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES SET OUT BELOW IS FOR 
GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY. ALL PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS SHOULD CONSULT 
THEIR TAX ADVISERS AS TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF 
OWNING THE NOTES, INCLUDING THEIR ELIGIBILITY FOR THE BENEFITS OF THE 
TREATY, THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. AND OTHER TAX 
LAWS AND POSSIBLE CHANGES IN TAX LAW.
The following summary applies to Notes that are properly treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Payments of Interest
General
Interest on a Note, whether payable in U.S. dollars or a single currency other than U.S. dollars (a “foreign 
currency”), other than interest on a “Discount Note” that is not “qualified stated interest” (each as defined 
below under “Original Issue Discount – General”), will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary income at the 
time it is received or accrued, depending on such U.S. Holder’s method of accounting for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, reduced by the allocable amount of amortisable bond premium, subject to the discussion below. 
Interest paid by the Issuer on the Notes and original issue discount (“OID”), if any, accrued with respect to the 
Notes (as described below under “Original Issue Discount”) generally will constitute income from sources 
outside the United States. 
Pre-Issuance Accrued Interest
If a portion of the price paid for a Note is attributable to an amount of interest accrued prior to the date the Note 
is issued (the “pre-issuance accrued interest”), a portion of the first interest payment on the Notes equal to 
the amount of the pre-issuance accrued interest may be treated as a nontaxable return of the pre-issuance accrued 
interest. This discussion assumes that the first interest payment on Notes with pre-issuance accrued interest will 
be so treated, and references to interest in the remainder of this discussion exclude pre-issuance accrued interest. 
This discussion assumes that in determining the issue price of a Note, there will be excluded an amount equal 
to the pre-issuance accrued interest. Pre-issuance accrued interest not included in income should not form part 
of any amortisable bond premium (as descried below under “Notes Purchased at a Premium”). A U.S. Holder’s 
tax basis in a Note will be reduced by any nontaxable return of pre-issuance accrued interest. This discussion

--- Page 294 ---
294
does not otherwise address the treatment of pre-issuance accrued interest, and U.S. Holders should consult their 
tax advisers concerning the U.S. federal income tax treatment of pre-issuance accrued interest.
Effect of Turkish Withholding Taxes
As discussed in “Taxation – Certain Turkish Tax Considerations”, payments of interest and OID on the Notes 
to non-Turkish resident investors may in certain circumstances be subject to Turkish withholding taxes. As 
discussed under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 9”, the Issuer is generally liable for the 
payment of additional amounts to holders of the Notes so that holders of the Notes receive the same amounts 
they would have received had no Turkish withholding taxes been imposed. For U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, U.S. Holders would be treated as having actually received the amount of Turkish taxes withheld by 
the Issuer with respect to a Note, and as then having actually paid over the withheld taxes to the Turkish taxing 
authorities. As a result, the amount of interest income included in gross income for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes by a U.S. Holder with respect to a payment of interest or OID may be greater than the amount of cash 
actually received (or receivable) by the U.S. Holder from the Issuer with respect to the payment.
A U.S. Holder generally may be entitled, subject to certain limitations, to a credit against its U.S. federal income 
tax liability, or a deduction in computing its U.S. federal taxable income, for Turkish taxes withheld (if any). 
Interest generally will constitute “passive category income” for purposes of the foreign tax credit. The rules 
governing foreign tax credits are complex and recently issued Treasury regulations (“Final FTC Regulations”) 
have imposed additional requirements that must be met for a foreign tax to be creditable (in particular, with 
respect to U.S. Holders not entitled to, or not electing to apply, the benefits of the Treaty), and the Issuer does 
not intend to determine whether such requirements will be met in case Turkish taxes are withheld (if any). 
However, recent notices (the “Notices”) from the IRS indicate that the U.S. Treasury and the IRS are 
considering proposing amendments to the Final FTC Regulations and allow taxpayers, subject to certain 
conditions, to defer the application of many aspects of the Final FTC Regulations until the date when a notice 
or other guidance withdrawing or modifying this temporary relief is issued (or any later date specified in such 
notice or other guidance). Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers concerning the application 
of the foreign tax credit rules to income attributable to the Notes and the creditability (or alternatively, 
deductibility) of any Turkish taxes withheld as well as the disclosure of any Treaty-based tax return position in 
their particular circumstances.
Original Issue Discount
General
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership of Notes issued 
with OID. The following summary does not discuss Notes that are characterised as contingent payment debt 
instruments for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In the event the Issuer issues contingent payment debt 
instruments, the applicable Final Terms may describe certain U.S. federal income tax consequences thereof.
A Note, other than a Note with a term of one year or less (a “Short-Term Note”), will be treated as issued with 
OID (a “Discount Note”) if the excess of the Note’s “stated redemption price at maturity” over its issue 
price is equal to or more than a de minimis amount (0.25 per cent. of the Note’s stated redemption price at 
maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to its maturity). An obligation that provides for the 
payment of amounts other than qualified stated interest before maturity (an “instalment obligation”) will be 
treated as a Discount Note if the excess of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity over its issue price is 
equal to or greater than 0.25 per cent. of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the 
weighted average maturity of the Note. A Note’s weighted average maturity is the sum of the following amounts 
determined for each payment on a Note (other than a payment of qualified stated interest): (i) the number of 
complete years from the issue date until the payment is made multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of 
which is the amount of the payment and the denominator of which is the Note’s stated redemption price at

--- Page 295 ---
295
maturity. Generally, the issue price of a Note will be the first price at which a substantial amount of Notes 
included in the issue of which the Note is a part is sold to persons other than bond houses, brokers, or similar 
persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents, or wholesalers. The stated 
redemption price at maturity of a Note is the total of all payments provided by the Note that are not payments 
of “qualified stated interest.” A qualified stated interest payment generally is any one of a series of stated interest 
payments on a Note that are unconditionally payable at least annually at a single fixed rate (with certain 
exceptions for lower rates paid during some periods), or a variable rate (in the circumstances described below 
under “Variable Interest Rate Notes”), applied to the outstanding principal amount of the Note. Solely for the 
purposes of determining whether a Note has OID, the Issuer will be deemed to exercise any call option that has 
the effect of decreasing the yield on the Note, and the U.S. Holder will be deemed to exercise any put option 
that has the effect of increasing the yield on the Note. If it was deemed that any call or put option would be 
exercised but was not in fact exercised, the Note would be treated solely for the purpose of calculating OID as 
if it were redeemed, and a new Note were issued, on the presumed exercise date for an amount equal to the 
Note’s adjusted issue price on that date.
U.S. Holders of Discount Notes generally must include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield method 
before the receipt of cash attributable to the income, and generally will have to include in income increasingly 
greater amounts of OID over the life of the Discount Notes. The amount of OID includible in income by a U.S. 
Holder of a Discount Note is the sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the Discount Note for each 
day during the taxable year or portion of the taxable year on which the U.S. Holder holds the Discount Note. 
The daily portion is determined by allocating to each day in any “accrual period” a pro rata portion of the OID 
allocable to that accrual period. Accrual periods with respect to a Note may be of any length selected by the 
U.S. Holder and may vary in length over the term of the Note as long as (i) no accrual period is longer than one 
year and (ii) each scheduled payment of interest or principal on the Note occurs on either the final or first day 
of an accrual period. The amount of OID allocable to an accrual period equals the excess of (a) the product of 
the Discount Note’s adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period and the Discount Note’s yield to 
maturity (determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period and properly adjusted for 
the length of the accrual period) over (b) the sum of the payments of qualified stated interest on the Note 
allocable to the accrual period. The “adjusted issue price” of a Discount Note at the beginning of any accrual 
period is the issue price of the Note increased by (x) the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual period 
and decreased by (y) the amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated 
interest payments.
Acquisition Premium
Subject to the discussion below under “Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount”, a U.S. Holder 
that purchases a Discount Note for an amount less than or equal to the sum of all amounts payable on the Note 
after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, but in excess of its adjusted issue price 
(any such excess being “acquisition premium”) is permitted to reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction, 
the numerator of which is the excess of the U.S. Holder’s adjusted basis in the Note immediately after its 
purchase over the Note’s adjusted issue price, and the denominator of which is the excess of the sum of all 
amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, over the 
Note’s adjusted issue price. 
Short-Term Notes
In general, an individual or other cash basis U.S. Holder of a Short-Term Note is not required to accrue OID 
(as specially defined below for the purposes of this paragraph) for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless it 
elects to do so (but may be required to include any stated interest in income as the interest is received). Accrual 
basis U.S. Holders and certain other U.S. Holders are required to accrue OID on Short-Term Notes on a straight-
line basis or, if the U.S. Holder so elects, under the constant-yield method (based on daily compounding). In

--- Page 296 ---
296
the case of a U.S. Holder not required and not electing to include such OID in income currently, any gain 
realised on the sale or retirement of the Short-Term Note will be ordinary income to the extent of the OID 
accrued on a straight-line basis (unless an election is made to accrue the OID under the constant-yield method) 
through the date of sale or retirement. U.S. Holders who are not required and do not elect to accrue OID on 
Short-Term Notes will be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings allocable to Short-Term Notes 
in an amount not exceeding the deferred income until the deferred income is realised. 
For purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, all interest payments on a Short-Term 
Note are included in the Short-Term Note’s stated redemption price at maturity. A U.S. Holder may elect to 
determine OID on a Short-Term Note as if the Short-Term Note had been originally issued to the U.S. Holder 
at the U.S. Holder’s purchase price for the Short-Term Note. This election will apply to all obligations with a 
maturity of one year or less acquired by the U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to 
which the election applies, and may not be revoked without the consent of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
(the “IRS”).
Market Discount
A Note, other than a Short-Term Note, generally will be treated as purchased at a market discount (a “Market 
Discount Note”) if the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity or, in the case of a Discount Note, the Note’s 
“revised issue price”, exceeds the amount for which the U.S. Holder purchased the Note by at least 0.25 per 
cent. of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity or revised issue price, respectively, multiplied by the 
number of complete years to the Note’s maturity (or, in the case of a Note that is an instalment obligation, the 
Note’s weighted average maturity). If this excess is not sufficient to cause the Note to be a Market Discount 
Note, then the excess constitutes “de minimis market discount”. For this purpose, the “revised issue price” of 
a Note generally equals its issue price, increased by the amount of any OID that has accrued on the Note and 
decreased by the amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest 
payments. Additionally, for this purpose the “stated redemption price at maturity” (as defined above) is 
decreased by the amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest.
Any gain recognised on the sale or retirement of a Market Discount Note (including any payment on a Note 
that is not qualified stated interest) generally will be treated as ordinary income to the extent of the accrued 
market discount on the Note. Alternatively, a U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Note may avoid such treatment 
by electing to include market discount in income currently over the life of the Note. This election applies to all 
debt instruments with market discount acquired by the electing U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first 
taxable year for which the election is made. This election may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Note that does not elect to include market discount in income currently 
may be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings incurred to purchase or carry a Market Discount 
Note. Such interest is deductible when paid or incurred to the extent of income from the Note for the year. If 
the interest expense exceeds such income, such excess is currently deductible only to the extent that such excess 
exceeds the portion of the market discount allocable to the days during the taxable year on which such Note 
was held by the U.S. Holder.
Market discount will accrue on a straight-line basis unless the U.S. Holder elects to accrue the market discount 
on a constant-yield method. This election applies only to the Market Discount Note with respect to which it is 
made and is irrevocable.
Variable Interest Rate Notes
Notes that provide for interest at variable rates (“Variable Interest Rate Notes”) generally will bear interest at 
a “qualified floating rate” and thus will be treated as “variable rate debt instruments” under Treasury regulations 
governing accrual of OID. A Variable Interest Rate Note will qualify as a “variable rate debt instrument” if (a)

--- Page 297 ---
297
its issue price does not exceed the total noncontingent principal payments due under the Variable Interest Rate 
Note by more than a specified de minimis amount, (b) it provides for stated interest, paid or compounded at 
least annually, at (i) one or more qualified floating rates, (ii) a single fixed rate and one or more qualified floating 
rates, (iii) a single objective rate, or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single objective rate that is a qualified inverse 
floating rate, and (c) it does not provide for any principal payments that are contingent (other than as described 
in (a) above).
A “qualified floating rate” is any variable rate where variations in the value of the rate can reasonably be 
expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which 
the Variable Interest Rate Note is denominated. A fixed multiple of a qualified floating rate will constitute a 
qualified floating rate only if the multiple is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35. A variable rate equal to 
the product of a qualified floating rate and a fixed multiple that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35, 
increased or decreased by a fixed rate, will also constitute a qualified floating rate. In addition, two or more 
qualified floating rates that can reasonably be expected to have approximately the same values throughout the 
term of the Variable Interest Rate Note (e.g., two or more qualified floating rates with values within 25 basis 
points of each other as determined on the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date) will be treated as a single 
qualified floating rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a variable rate that would otherwise constitute a qualified 
floating rate but which is subject to one or more restrictions such as a maximum numerical limitation (i.e., a 
cap) or a minimum numerical limitation (i.e., a floor) may, under certain circumstances, fail to be treated as a 
qualified floating rate. 
Under finalised Treasury regulations, Notes referencing an IBOR that are treated as having a qualified floating 
rate for purposes of the above will not fail to be so treated merely because the terms of the Notes provide for a 
replacement of the IBOR in the case of a Benchmark Event. In particular, under the regulations, the IBOR 
referencing rate and the replacement rate are treated as a single qualified rate.
An “objective rate” is a rate that is not itself a qualified floating rate but which is determined using a single 
fixed formula and which is based on objective financial or economic information (e.g., one or more qualified 
floating rates or the yield of actively traded personal property). A rate will not qualify as an objective rate if it 
is based on information that is within the control of the Issuer (or a related party) or that is unique to the 
circumstances of the Issuer (or a related party), such as dividends, profits or the value of the Issuer’s stock 
(although a rate does not fail to be an objective rate merely because it is based on the credit quality of the 
Issuer). Other variable interest rates may be treated as objective rates if so designated by the IRS in the future. 
Despite the foregoing, a variable rate of interest on a Variable Interest Rate Note will not constitute an objective 
rate if it is reasonably expected that the average value of the rate during the first half of the Variable Interest 
Rate Note’s term will be either significantly less than or significantly greater than the average value of the rate 
during the final half of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s term. A “qualified inverse floating rate” is any 
objective rate where the rate is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate, as long as variations in the 
rate can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous variations in the qualified floating rate. 
If a Variable Interest Rate Note provides for stated interest at a fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less 
followed by a variable rate that is either a qualified floating rate or an objective rate for a subsequent period 
and if the variable rate on the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date is intended to approximate the fixed rate 
(e.g., the value of the variable rate on the issue date does not differ from the value of the fixed rate by more 
than 25 basis points), then the fixed rate and the variable rate together will constitute either a single qualified 
floating rate or objective rate, as the case may be.
A qualified floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the instrument must be set at 
a “current value” of that rate. A “current value” of a rate is the value of the rate on any day that is no earlier 
than 3 months prior to the first day on which that value is in effect and no later than 1 year following that first 
day.

--- Page 298 ---
298
If a Variable Interest Rate Note that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate or a 
single objective rate throughout the term thereof qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument”, then any stated 
interest on the Note which is unconditionally payable in cash or property (other than debt instruments of the 
Issuer) at least annually will constitute qualified stated interest and will be taxed accordingly. Thus, a Variable 
Interest Rate Note that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate or a single objective 
rate throughout the term thereof and that qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument” generally will not be 
treated as having been issued with OID unless the Variable Interest Rate Note is issued at a “true” discount (i.e., 
at a price below the Note’s stated principal amount) in excess of a specified de minimis amount. OID on a 
Variable Interest Rate Note arising from “true” discount is allocated to an accrual period using the constant 
yield method described above by assuming that the variable rate is a fixed rate equal to (i) in the case of a 
qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, the value, as of the issue date, of the qualified floating 
rate or qualified inverse floating rate, or (ii) in the case of an objective rate (other than a qualified inverse 
floating rate), a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the Variable Interest Rate Note.
In general, any other Variable Interest Rate Note that qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument” will be 
converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument for purposes of determining the amount and accrual 
of OID and qualified stated interest on the Variable Interest Rate Note. Such a Variable Interest Rate Note must 
be converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument by substituting any qualified floating rate or 
qualified inverse floating rate provided for under the terms of the Variable Interest Rate Note with a fixed rate 
equal to the value of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, as the case may be, as of the 
Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date. Any objective rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate) provided 
for under the terms of the Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is 
reasonably expected for the Variable Interest Rate Note. In the case of a Variable Interest Rate Note that qualifies 
as a “variable rate debt instrument” and provides for stated interest at a fixed rate in addition to either one or 
more qualified floating rates or a qualified inverse floating rate, the fixed rate is initially converted into a 
qualified floating rate (or a qualified inverse floating rate, if the Variable Interest Rate Note provides for a 
qualified inverse floating rate). Under these circumstances, the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse 
floating rate that replaces the fixed rate must be such that the fair market value of the Variable Interest Rate 
Note as of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date is approximately the same as the fair market value of an 
otherwise identical debt instrument that provides for either the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse 
floating rate rather than the fixed rate. Subsequent to converting the fixed rate into either a qualified floating 
rate or a qualified inverse floating rate, the Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into an “equivalent” fixed 
rate debt instrument in the manner described above.
Once the Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument pursuant to 
the foregoing rules, the amount of OID and qualified stated interest, if any, are determined for the “equivalent” 
fixed rate debt instrument by applying the general OID rules to the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument and 
a U.S. Holder of the Variable Interest Rate Note will account for the OID and qualified stated interest as if the 
U.S. Holder held the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument. In each accrual period, appropriate adjustments 
will be made to the amount of qualified stated interest or OID assumed to have been accrued or paid with respect 
to the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument in the event that these amounts differ from the actual amount of 
interest accrued or paid on the Variable Interest Rate Note during the accrual period.
If a Variable Interest Rate Note, such as a Note the payments on which are determined by reference to an index, 
does not qualify as a “variable rate debt instrument”, then the Variable Interest Rate Note will be treated as a 
contingent payment debt obligation. The proper U.S. federal income tax treatment of Variable Interest Rate 
Notes that are treated as contingent payment debt obligations may be described in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 299 ---
299
Notes Purchased at a Premium
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Note for an amount in excess of its principal amount, or for a Discount Note, 
all of the remaining payments on the Discount Note other than qualified stated interest, may elect to treat the 
excess as “amortisable bond premium”, in which case the amount required to be included in the U.S. Holder’s 
income each year with respect to interest on the Note will be reduced by the amount of amortisable bond 
premium allocable (based on the Note’s yield to maturity) to that year. Special rules may limit the amortisation 
of bond premium with respect to Notes subject to early redemption.
Any election to amortise bond premium will apply to all bonds (other than bonds the interest on which is 
excludable from gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes) held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning 
of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and is irrevocable 
without the consent of the IRS. See also “Original Issue Discount—Election to Treat All Interest as Original 
Issue Discount”.
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount
A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Note using the constant-yield 
method described above under “Original Issue Discount—General,” with certain modifications. For purposes 
of this election, interest includes stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, market discount, de minimis market 
discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable bond premium (described above under “Notes 
Purchased at a Premium”) or acquisition premium. This election generally will apply only to the Note with 
respect to which it is made and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. If the election to apply the 
constant-yield method to all interest on a Note is made with respect to a Market Discount Note, the electing 
U.S. Holder will be treated as having made the election discussed above under “Market Discount” to include 
market discount in income currently over the life of all debt instruments having market discount that are 
acquired on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which the election applies. U.S. Holders should 
consult their tax advisers concerning the propriety and consequences of this election.
Sale and Retirement of Notes
A U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference 
between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis of the Note. A 
U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will be its cost, increased by the amount of any OID or 
market discount included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note and the amount, if any, of income 
attributable to de minimis OID and de minimis market discount included in the U.S. Holder’s income with 
respect to the Note, and reduced by (i) the amount of any payments that are not qualified stated interest 
payments, and (ii) the amount of any amortisable bond premium applied to reduce interest on the Note. The 
amount realised does not include the amount attributable to accrued but unpaid interest, which will be taxable 
as interest income to the extent not previously included in income. Except to the extent described above under 
“Original Issue Discount – Market Discount” or “Original Issue Discount – Short-Term Notes” or attributable 
to changes in exchange rates (as discussed below), gain or loss recognised on the sale or retirement of a Note 
will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder’s holding period in the 
Notes exceeds one year. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.
Except with respect to gains attributable to market discount, gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale 
or retirement of a Note generally will be U.S. source. The rules governing foreign tax credits are complex and 
prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers as to the foreign tax credit and other U.S. federal 
income tax implications if any Turkish taxes are imposed on a sale or retirement of the Notes in their particular 
circumstances.

--- Page 300 ---
300
Foreign Currency Notes
Interest
If an interest payment is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the amount of 
income recognised by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the interest payment, based on 
the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into 
U.S. dollars. 
An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognised with respect to an interest 
payment denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency in accordance with either of two 
methods. Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on the average exchange rate in 
effect during the interest accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years of a 
U.S. Holder, the part of the period within the taxable year). 
Under the second method, the U.S. Holder may elect to determine the amount of income accrued on the basis 
of the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans 
two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part of the period within the taxable year). 
Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually received within five business days of the last day of the accrual 
period, an electing accrual basis U.S. Holder may instead translate the accrued interest into U.S. dollars at the 
exchange rate in effect on the day of actual receipt. Any such election will apply to all debt instruments held by 
the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by 
the U.S. Holder, and will be irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. 
Upon receipt of an interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest upon the 
sale or retirement of a Note) denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the accrual basis 
U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the 
difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and 
the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars.
OID
OID for each accrual period on a Discount Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign 
currency, will be determined in the foreign currency and then translated into U.S. dollars in the same manner 
as stated interest accrued by an accrual basis U.S. Holder, as described above. Upon receipt of an amount 
attributable to OID (whether in connection with a payment on the Note or a sale or disposition of the Note), a 
U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the 
difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and 
the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars.
Market Discount 
Market discount on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, will be 
accrued in the foreign currency. If the U.S. Holder elects to include market discount in income currently, the 
accrued market discount will be translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rate for the accrual period 
(or portion thereof within the U.S. Holder’s taxable year). Upon the receipt of an amount attributable to accrued 
market discount, the U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (which will be taxable as 
ordinary income or loss) determined in the same manner as for accrued interest or OID. A U.S. Holder that does 
not elect to include market discount in income currently will recognise, upon the sale or retirement of the Note, 
the U.S. dollar value of the amount accrued, calculated at the spot rate on that date, and no part of this accrued 
market discount will be treated as exchange gain or loss.

--- Page 301 ---
301
Bond Premium 
Bond premium (including acquisition premium) on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference 
to, a foreign currency, will be computed in units of the foreign currency, and any such bond premium that is 
taken into account currently will reduce interest income (or OID) in units of the foreign currency. On the date 
bond premium offsets interest income (or OID), a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss 
(taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the amount offset multiplied by the difference between the spot 
rate in effect on the date of the offset, and the spot rate in effect on the date the Notes were acquired by the U.S. 
Holder. A U.S. Holder that does not elect to take bond premium (other than acquisition premium) into account 
currently will recognise a market loss when the Note matures.
Sale and Retirement
As discussed above under “Sale and Retirement of Notes”, a U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss 
on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale or retirement 
and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Note, in each case as determined in U.S. dollars. The rules 
governing foreign tax credits are complex and prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers as to the 
foreign tax credit and other U.S. federal income tax implications if any Turkish taxes are imposed on a sale or 
retirement of the Notes in their particular circumstances.
A U.S. Holder will recognise U.S. source exchange rate gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) on the 
sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference, if any, between the U.S. dollar values of the U.S. Holder’s 
purchase price for the Note (as adjusted for amortised bond premium, if any) (i) on the date of sale or retirement 
and (ii) the date on which the U.S. Holder acquired the Note. Any such exchange rate gain or loss will be 
realised only to the extent of total gain or loss realised on the sale or retirement (including any exchange gain 
or loss with respect to the receipt of accrued but unpaid interest (including OID)). U.S. Holders should consult 
their own tax advisers about how to account for proceeds received on the sale or retirement of Notes that are 
not paid in U.S. dollars.
Disposition of Foreign Currency
Foreign currency received as interest on a Note or on the sale or retirement of a Note will have a tax basis equal 
to its U.S. dollar value at the time the foreign currency is received. Foreign currency that is purchased generally 
will have a tax basis equal to the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency on the date of purchase. Any gain or 
loss recognised on a sale or other disposition of a foreign currency (including its use to purchase Notes or upon 
exchange for U.S. dollars) will be U.S. source ordinary income or loss.
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting
In general, payments of principal and interest and accruals of OID on, and the proceeds of a sale, or retirement 
of, Notes, by a U.S. or U.S.-connected paying agent or other U.S. or U.S.-connected intermediary will be 
reported to the IRS and to the U.S. Holder as may be required under applicable regulations. Backup withholding 
will apply to these payments, including payments of accrued OID, if the U.S. Holder fails to provide an accurate 
taxpayer identification number or certification of exempt status or otherwise fails to comply with applicable 
certification requirements. Certain U.S. Holders are not subject to backup withholding. U.S. Holders should 
consult their tax advisers about these rules and any other reporting obligations that may apply to the ownership 
or disposition of Notes, including requirements related to the holding of certain “specified foreign financial 
assets.” Failure to comply with certain reporting obligations could result in the imposition of substantial 
penalties.
Reportable Transactions
A U.S. taxpayer that participates in a “reportable transaction” will be required to disclose its participation to the 
IRS. Under the relevant rules, if the Notes are denominated in a foreign currency, a U.S. Holder may be required

--- Page 302 ---
302
to treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Notes as a reportable transaction if this loss exceeds the 
relevant threshold in the regulations (U.S.$50,000 in a single taxable year, if the U.S. Holder is an individual 
or trust, or higher amounts for other non-individual U.S. Holders), and to disclose its investment by filing Form 
8886 with the IRS. A penalty in the amount of U.S.$10,000 in the case of a natural person and U.S.$50,000 in 
all other cases generally is imposed on any taxpayer that fails to timely file an information return with the IRS 
with respect to a transaction resulting in a loss that is treated as a reportable transaction. Prospective purchasers 
are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding the application of these rules.
FATCA WITHHOLDING
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” 
(including an intermediary through which Notes are held) may be required to withhold at a rate of 30 per cent. 
on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Türkiye) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, under 
proposed Treasury regulations such withholding would not apply to foreign passthru payments prior to the date 
that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published 
in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department 
indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations. 
Additionally, Notes that are not treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that have a fixed 
term that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
“foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 303 ---
303
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER U.S. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT 
PLANS
Subject to the considerations discussed below, the Notes may be acquired with the assets of U.S. employee 
benefit plans and retirement arrangements (“Plans”), including, without limitation, (i) employee benefit plans 
subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”); (ii) plans and 
accounts subject to Section 4975 of the Code (including individual retirement accounts); and (iii) any entity 
deemed within Section 3(42) of ERISA to hold “plan assets” of any such employee benefit plan or other plan 
(each of (i) through (iii), “Benefit Plan Investors”). Fiduciaries of each prospective Benefit Plan Investor 
should carefully review the discussion below and should consult with counsel before determining to invest the 
assets of a Plan in the Fund.
The fiduciary provisions of ERISA, and the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and other rules and regulations 
applicable to Plans that are not subject to ERISA, impose certain obligations on Plan investors and may impose 
limitations on investment in the Notes. In determining whether to make an investment in the Notes, fiduciaries 
of Plan investors should carefully consider such provisions in consultation with their advisers. Among other 
factors, such fiduciaries should consider the composition of the Plan’s portfolio with respect to diversification; 
the cash flow needs of the Plan and the illiquidity of an investment in the Notes; and the economic terms of the 
Plan’s investment in the Notes and the Plan’s funding objectives; as well as the tax effects of an investment in 
the Notes.
In addition, Title I of ERISA sets forth fiduciary standards applicable to any person that is a fiduciary within 
the meaning of Section 3(21) of ERISA as to a Benefit Plan Investor, and any person that, for any direct or 
indirect compensation, renders “investment advice” to a Benefit Plan Investor may become a fiduciary within 
the meaning of Section 3(21) of ERISA to the Benefit Plan Investor. Each of the Issuer and the Dealers has its 
own interests in the offering and sale of Notes and related transactions, which differ from the interests of any 
Benefit Plan Investor considering the acquisition or holding of Notes, and accordingly, the Issuer, the Dealers 
and their respective affiliates have not provided, and are not authorized and do not undertake to provide, any 
impartial or other investment advice in any fiduciary capacity to any Benefit Plan Investor or any fiduciary, 
representative or agent thereof. Each Benefit Plan Investor and the responsible fiduciary thereof as to an 
investment in Notes by the Benefit Plan Investor shall be required to make representations and warranties 
pertaining to the applicability of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code.
Fiduciaries of Benefit Plan Investors should also consider whether an investment in the Notes could involve a 
direct or indirect transaction with a “party in interest” or “disqualified person” as defined in ERISA and Section 
4975 of the Code, and if so, whether an exemption is available. ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code contain a 
statutory prohibited transaction exemption permitting a Benefit Plan Investor to enter into a transaction with a 
person who is a party in interest or a disqualified person solely by reason of being a non-fiduciary service 
provider to the Benefit Plan Investor or being affiliated with such a service provider, provided that the 
transaction is for “adequate consideration.” Certain administrative prohibited transaction exemptions may also 
be available.
Fiduciaries of Benefit Plan Investors should also consider whether an investment in the Fund could involve a 
conflict of interest. A prohibited conflict could occur, for example, if the fiduciary acting on behalf of a Benefit 
Plan Investor has any interest in or affiliation with the Issuer, the Dealers and their respective affiliates that 
could affect the fiduciary’s best judgment as a fiduciary, even if exemptive relief might otherwise be available.
The U.S. Department of Labor (“DOL”) has issued a regulation (as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, the 
“Plan Asset Regulation”) that generally provides that when a Benefit Plan Investor acquires an equity interest 
in an entity such as the Issuer, such investor’s assets include its equity interest and an undivided interest in each 
of the underlying assets of the Fund. This default look-through rule does not apply, however, to the acquisition

--- Page 304 ---
304
of an instrument that is treated as indebtedness under applicable local law and which has no substantial equity 
features; an equity interest in a public company or an equity interest in an entity that qualifies as an “operating 
company.” An operating company under the Plan Asset Regulation is an entity that is primarily engaged, 
directly or through majority owned subsidiaries in production or sale of a product or service other than the 
investment of capital. The Issuer believes the Notes should be exempt from the plan asset look-through rule 
described above by virtue of the Notes being either (i) treated as indebtedness under applicable local law; or 
(ii) an investment in an operating company as defined under the Plan Asset Regulation. There is very little 
authority regarding the application of ERISA and the Plan Asset Regulation to entities such as the Issuer, and 
there can be no assurance that the DOL or the courts would not take a position or promulgate additional rules 
or regulations that could significantly impact the “plan asset” status of the Issuer.
If the Issuer or the Notes did not satisfy one of these exceptions and was, as a result, the Issuer were deemed to 
hold plan assets of Benefit Plan Investors, the Issuer, the Dealers and their respective affiliates would each 
become a fiduciary to each Benefit Plan Investor and certain aspects of the operation of the Notes could result 
in violations of ERISA. In addition, any transaction the Issuer enters into would be treated as a transaction with 
each such Benefit Plan Investor and could result in a “prohibited transaction” under ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the Code.
Governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in Section 3(33) 
of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA) are not subject to the fiduciary 
responsibility provisions of ERISA or the prohibited transaction provisions of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 
of the Code but may be subject to applicable U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. laws or regulations that are 
substantially similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code 
(“Similar Law”).
The sale of Notes to a Benefit Plan Investor is in no respect a representation by the Issuer of the Dealers that 
such an investment meets all relevant legal requirements with respect to investments by Benefit Plan Investors 
generally or any particular Benefit Plan Investor. Prospective investors are advised to consult their advisers with 
respect to the consequences under ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code and Similar Law of the acquisition, 
ownership or disposition of the Notes.

--- Page 305 ---
305
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (the “Programme Agreement”) dated 12 
March 2024, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for 
certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the 
issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them 
in connection therewith, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribute to payments that the 
Dealers may be required to make because of those liabilities.
Any offers and sales of the Notes in the United States may only be made by those Dealers or their affiliates that 
are registered broker-dealers under the Exchange Act, or in accordance with Rule 15a-6 thereunder. One or 
more Dealers participating in the offering of any Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme may engage in 
transactions that stabilise, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the relevant Notes during and after 
the offering of the Tranche. Specifically such persons may over-allot or create a short position in the Notes for 
their own account by selling more Notes than have been sold to them by the Issuer. Such persons may also elect 
to cover any such short position by purchasing Notes in the open market. In addition, such persons may stabilise 
or maintain the price of the Notes by bidding for or purchasing Notes in the open market and may impose 
penalty bids, under which selling concessions allowed to syndicate members or other broker-dealers 
participating in the offering of the Notes are reclaimed if Notes previously distributed in the offering are 
repurchased in connection with stabilisation transactions or otherwise. The effect of these transactions may be 
to stabilise or maintain the market price of the Notes at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the 
open market. The imposition of a penalty bid may also affect the price of the Notes to the extent that it 
discourages resales thereof. No representation is made as to the magnitude or effect of any such stabilising or 
other transactions. Such transactions, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time. Under UK laws and 
regulations stabilising activities may only be carried on by the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on 
behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) and only for a limited period following the Issue Date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes.
The Issuer expects that delivery of interests in Notes will be made on the issue date for such Notes, as such date 
will be communicated in connection with the offer and sale of such Notes. Potential investors that are U.S. 
persons should note that the issue date may be more than two business days (this settlement cycle being referred 
to as “T+2”) following the trade date of such Notes. Under Rule 15c6-l of the Exchange Act, trades in the 
secondary market generally are required to settle in two New York business days, unless the parties to any such 
trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, investors who wish to trade interests in Notes issued under the 
Programme on the trade date relating to such Notes or the next New York business days will be required, by 
virtue of the fact that the Notes initially may settle on a settlement cycle longer than T+2, to specify an alternate 
settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Investors in the Notes who wish to 
trade interests in Notes issued under the Programme on their trade date or the next New York business days 
should consult their own adviser.
The Dealers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, 
which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment 
management, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. The Dealers or their respective 
affiliates may have performed investment banking and advisory services for the Issuer and its affiliates from 
time to time for which they may have received fees, expenses, reimbursements and/or other compensation. The 
Dealers or their respective affiliates may, from time to time, engage in transactions with and perform advisory 
and other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of their business. Certain of the Dealers

--- Page 306 ---
306
and/or their respective affiliates have acted and expect in the future to act as a lender to the Issuer and/or other 
members of the Group and/or otherwise participate in transactions with the Group.
In the ordinary course of their various business activities, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers and may at any time hold long and short positions in such securities and instruments. Such investment 
and securities activities may involve securities and instruments of the Issuer. In addition, certain of the Dealers 
and/or their respective affiliates hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer pursuant to their customary risk 
management policies. These hedging activities could have an adverse effect on the future trading prices of the 
Notes offered hereby from time to time.
The Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities or instruments.
Transfer Restrictions
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to 
consult legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes.
Each purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note 
with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or person wishing to transfer an 
interest from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will be 
required to acknowledge, represent and agree, and each person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global 
Note with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note will be deemed to have 
acknowledged, represented and agreed, as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A 
or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein):
(a)
that either: (i) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account of 
one or more QIBs and it is aware, and each beneficial owner of such notes has been advised, that any 
sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or (ii) it is not a U.S. person and purchased the Notes 
in an “offshore transaction”;
(b)
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United 
States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. Federal or State securities laws and may 
not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except 
as set forth below;
(c)
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and is not a U.S. person, if in the future it 
decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will 
do so, only (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) in the United States to a person whom the seller 
and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for 
the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (iii) in an offshore 
transaction in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (iv) pursuant to the exemption 
from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available);
(d)
that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser or transferee, as applicable, 
of the Notes from it of the resale and transfer restrictions referred to in paragraph (c) above, if then 
applicable;

--- Page 307 ---
307
(e)
that Notes initially offered inside the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Rule 
144A Global Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will be 
represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes, Definitive Regulation S Registered Notes or 
Bearer Global Notes;
(f)
at the time of its acquisition and throughout the period in which it holds such Note or any interest therein, 
that (i) either (A) it is not and will not be (I) a Benefit Plan Investor, or (II) a governmental plan, church 
plan, or non-U.S. plan that is subject to a Similar Law, or (B) the acquisition, holding and disposition of 
such Note or any interest therein will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction 
under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or a violation of any applicable Similar Law; 
(ii) if it is a Benefit Plan Investor, none of the Transaction Parties has provided or undertaken to provide 
any advice in a fiduciary capacity or has received any compensation for any such advice (as distinct 
from other services) from the Benefit Plan Investor as to the acquisition, holding and disposition of such 
Note or any interest therein by the Benefit Plan Investor; and (iii) it will not sell or otherwise transfer 
such Note or interest therein to any person without first obtaining the same foregoing representations, 
warranties and covenants from that person. Any purported purchase or transfer of such Note or any 
interest therein that does not comply with the foregoing shall be null and void;
(g)
that the Rule 144A Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by 
the Issuer:
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE 
FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS 
THAT IT IS A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR 
THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT 
IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY 
AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) IN THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER AND 
ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 
144A, (3) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR 904 UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT OR (4) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE); AND (C) IT 
AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM ANY INTEREST IN THIS 
SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS 
LEGEND. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE 
EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR RESALES OF THE SECURITY.
EACH PURCHASER AND HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) 
AGREES THAT IT WILL BE DEEMED BY SUCH PURCHASE OR HOLDING OF THIS SECURITY 
(OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) TO HAVE REPRESENTED, WARRANTED AND AGREED, ON 
EACH DAY FROM THE DATE ON WHICH THE PURCHASER OR HOLDER ACQUIRES THIS 
SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) THROUGH AND INCLUDING THE DATE ON WHICH

--- Page 308 ---
308
THE PURCHASER OR HOLDER DISPOSES OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN), 
THAT (1) EITHER (A) IT IS NOT AND WILL NOT BE (I) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR 
OTHER PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY AND PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF PART 4 OF SUBTITLE B OF TITLE I OF THE UNITED STATES 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED 
(THE “CODE”), OR AN ENTITY OR ARRANGEMENT WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON OF AN INVESTMENT THEREIN BY ANY SUCH 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR OTHER PLAN (ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN, 
OTHER PLAN, ENTITY OR ARRANGEMENT, A “BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR”) OR (II) A 
GOVERNMENTAL PLAN, CHURCH PLAN OR NON-U.S. PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO A U.S. 
FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW OR REGULATION THAT CONTAINS ONE OR 
MORE PROVISIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY 
RESPONSIBILITY AND PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF PART 4 OF SUBTITLE 
B OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”) OR (B) THE 
ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST 
HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, OR A 
VIOLATION OF ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAW; (2) IF IT IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, 
NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE DEALERS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES HAS PROVIDED 
OR UNDERTAKEN TO PROVIDE ANY ADVICE IN A FIDUCIARY CAPACITY OR HAS 
RECEIVED ANY COMPENSATION FOR ANY SUCH ADVICE (AS DISTINCT FROM OTHER 
SERVICES) FROM THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR AS TO THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND 
DISPOSITION OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) BY THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR; AND (3) IT WILL NOT SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY (OR 
ANY INTEREST HEREIN) TO ANY PERSON WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING THE SAME 
FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS FROM THAT PERSON. 
ANY PURPORTED PURCHASE OR TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST 
HEREIN) THAT DOES NOT COMPLY WITH THE FOREGOING SHALL BE NULL AND VOID.
[THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE 
TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO 
MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE 
HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE 
HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL 
FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFORE, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE 
HEREON).”]8;
(h)
that the Notes in registered form which are registered in the name of a nominee of DTC will bear an 
additional legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer:
8  To be included on a Registered Note only.

--- Page 309 ---
309
“UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF 
THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (DTC), TO THE ISSUER 
OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY 
REGISTERED NOTE ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY PORTION 
HEREOF IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS 
REQUIRED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE 
TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR 
VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE 
THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., 
HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITORY 
TRUST COMPANY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES 
SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR 
IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS 
LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND.”; 
(i)
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the 
Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer, in the case of a non-
syndicated issue, or the lead manager, in the case of a syndicated issue, of all Notes of the Tranche of 
which such Notes are a part), it will do so only (a) (i) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 
903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (ii) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A and (b) in accordance 
with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; and it acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Notes 
will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer:
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
AGENCY AGREEMENT AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. UNTIL THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE 
COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE NOTES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH 
THIS NOTE FORMS A PART, SALES MAY NOT BE MADE IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF U.S. PERSONS UNLESS MADE IN A TRANSACTION 
EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT.
EACH PURCHASER AND HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) 
AGREES THAT IT WILL BE DEEMED BY SUCH PURCHASE OR HOLDING OF THIS SECURITY 
(OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) TO HAVE REPRESENTED, WARRANTED AND AGREED, ON 
EACH DAY FROM THE DATE ON WHICH THE PURCHASER OR HOLDER ACQUIRES THIS 
SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) THROUGH AND INCLUDING THE DATE ON WHICH 
THE PURCHASER OR HOLDER DISPOSES OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN), 
THAT (1) EITHER (A) IT IS NOT AND WILL NOT BE (I) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR 
OTHER PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY AND PROHIBITED

--- Page 310 ---
310
TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF PART 4 OF SUBTITLE B OF TITLE I OF THE UNITED STATES 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED 
(THE “CODE”), OR AN ENTITY OR ARRANGEMENT WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON OF AN INVESTMENT THEREIN BY ANY SUCH 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR OTHER PLAN (ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN, 
OTHER PLAN, ENTITY OR ARRANGEMENT, A “BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR”) OR (II) A 
GOVERNMENTAL PLAN, CHURCH PLAN OR NON-U.S. PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO A U.S. 
FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW OR REGULATION THAT CONTAINS ONE OR 
MORE PROVISIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY 
RESPONSIBILITY AND PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF PART 4 OF 
SUBTITLE B OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”) OR 
(B) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, OR A 
VIOLATION OF ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAW; (2) IF IT IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, 
NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE DEALERS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES HAS PROVIDED 
OR UNDERTAKEN TO PROVIDE ANY ADVICE IN A FIDUCIARY CAPACITY OR HAS 
RECEIVED ANY COMPENSATION FOR ANY SUCH ADVICE (AS DISTINCT FROM OTHER 
SERVICES) FROM THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR AS TO THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND 
DISPOSITION OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) BY THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR; AND (3) IT WILL NOT SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY (OR 
ANY INTEREST HEREIN) TO ANY PERSON WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING THE SAME 
FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS FROM THAT PERSON. 
ANY PURPORTED PURCHASE OR TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST 
HEREIN) THAT DOES NOT COMPLY WITH THE FOREGOING SHALL BE NULL AND VOID.
[THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE 
TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO 
MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE 
HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE 
HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL 
FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFORE, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE 
HEREON).]9” and
(j)
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring 
any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment 
9  To be included on a Registered Note only.

--- Page 311 ---
311
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account.
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Securities may be relying on the 
exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.
Pursuant to the BRSA decision dated 6 May 2010 No. 3665, the BRSA decision dated 30 September 
2010 No. 3875 and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Türkiye: (a) may purchase or sell Notes 
denominated in a currency other than Turkish Lira offshore on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis in 
the secondary markets only and (b) may purchase or sell Notes denominated in Turkish Lira offshore on 
an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis in both the primary and secondary markets. Further, pursuant to 
Article 15(d)(ii) of Decree 32, Turkish residents may purchase or sell Notes offshore on an unsolicited 
(reverse inquiry) basis; provided that such purchase or sale is made through licensed banks or licensed 
brokerage institutions authorised pursuant to CMB and/or BRSA regulations and the purchase price is 
transferred through banks. As such, Turkish residents should use licensed banks or licensed brokerage 
institutions authorised pursuant to CMB and/or BRSA regulations while purchasing the Notes and should 
transfer the purchase price through licensed banks authorised under the BRSA Regulations.

--- Page 312 ---
312
Selling Restrictions
Türkiye
The Issuer has obtained the CMB Approval from the CMB and the BRSA Approval from the BRSA required 
for the issuance of Notes under the Programme. Pursuant to the CMB Approval and the BRSA Approval, the 
offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme has been authorised and approved in accordance with Decree 
32, the Banking Law and its related legislation, the Capital Markets Law and its related legislation and as per 
the Green Debt Instruments, Sustainable Debt Instruments, Green Lease Certificates, Sustainable Lease 
Certificates Guide published by the CMB on 24 February 2022, in order to make green issuances outside of 
Türkiye, the Issuer should obtain a separate approval from the CMB in addition to the CMB Approval 
mentioned above. In addition, Notes may only be offered or sold outside of Türkiye in accordance with the 
CMB Approval and the BRSA Approval. Under the CMB Approval, the CMB has authorised the offering, sale 
and issue of any Notes within the scope of such CMB Approval on the condition that no transaction that qualifies 
as a sale or offering of Notes in Türkiye may be engaged in. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the 
BRSA decision dated 6 May 2010 No. 3665, the BRSA decision dated 30 September 2010 No. 3875 and in 
accordance with Decree 32, residents of Türkiye: (a) may purchase or sell Notes denominated in a currency 
other than Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis in the secondary 
markets only; and (b) may purchase or sell Notes denominated in Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an 
unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis both in the primary and secondary markets. Further, pursuant to Article 
15(d)(ii) of Decree 32, Turkish residents may purchase or sell Notes offshore on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) 
basis provided that such purchase or sale is made through licensed banks or licensed brokerage institutions 
authorised pursuant to CMB and/or BRSA regulations and the purchase price is transferred through licensed 
banks authorised under BRSA regulations. As such, Turkish residents should transfer the purchase price through 
licensed banks authorised under the BRSA regulations.
A written approval (whether in the form of a tranche issuance certificate (tertip ihraç belgesi) or in any other 
form required under the applicable legislation) approved by the CMB on or before the issue date of each such 
Tranche of Notes. The Issuer shall maintain all authorisations and approvals of the CMB as necessary for the 
offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme.
Monies paid for purchases of Notes are not protected by the insurance coverage provided by the SDIF.
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable local, state or federal laws. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.
In connection with any Regulation S Notes each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such 
Regulation S Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a part, other than in an 
offshore transaction to, or for the account or benefit of, persons that are not U.S. persons. Each Dealer has 
further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will

--- Page 313 ---
313
send to each distributor to which it sells any Regulation S Notes during the applicable distribution compliance 
period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation S Notes 
other than in an offshore transaction to, or for the account or benefit of, persons that are not U.S. persons. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
other than in an offshore transaction to a person that is not a U.S. person or under Rule 144A under the Securities 
Act (“Rule 144A”) as set forth below by any distributor (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Registered Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser 
of Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any 
resales or other transfers of Notes that are “restricted securities” within the meaning of the Securities Act, the 
Issuer has undertaken in the Deed Poll to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Notes or any beneficial 
interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by such holder, the information required 
to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any of the Notes 
remain outstanding as “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and the 
Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt from reporting 
pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Relevant State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 314 ---
314
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes.
UK
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes 
of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,

--- Page 315 ---
315
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the 
expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA.
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 
of the FSMA by the Issuer;
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.
Belgium
Other than in respect of any Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not advertised, offered, sold 
or delivered and will not advertise, offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes to any Belgian Consumers, 
and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. For these purposes, a “Belgian Consumer” has the meaning 
provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 
van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person resident or 
located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan,

--- Page 316 ---
316
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.
Kingdom of Bahrain
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes to (i) the 
Public (as defined in Articles 142-146 of the Commercial Companies Law (Decree Law No. 21/2001 of 
Bahrain)) in the Kingdom of Bahrain or (ii) any person in the Kingdom of Bahrain who is not an “accredited 
investor”.
For this purpose, an “accredited investor” means:
(a)
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or more 
excluding that person’s principal place of residence;
(b)
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available for 
investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or
(c)
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a state 
organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension fund).
Hong Kong
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that:
(a)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) 
of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do 
not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and
(b)
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO.
Switzerland
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to 
purchase or invest in the Notes and the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland 
within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”) and no application has or will be made 
to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a 
prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.

--- Page 317 ---
317
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the MAS. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused 
any Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Notes or cause any Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute this Base Prospectus or any other document or material 
in connection with the offer or sale or invitation for subscription or purchase of any Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (b) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to, and in accordance with, the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA.
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP 
Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital 
markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018).
Thailand
This Base Prospectus has not been approved by or filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in 
Thailand or any other regulatory authority of the Kingdom of Thailand. Accordingly the Notes may not be 
offered or sold, nor may this Base Prospectus or any other documents in relation to the offer of the Notes be 
distributed, directly or indirectly, to any person in Thailand except under circumstances which will result in 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the Thai government and 
regulatory authorities in effect at the relevant time.
General
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor.
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 318 ---
318
GENERAL INFORMATION
Authorisation
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer dated 31 January 2024. 
Listing of Notes
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base prospectus. Application has 
also been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on the Regulated Market. The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID 
II.
Documents Available
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available in electronic format on the Issuer’s website (https://www.tskb.com.tr/en/investor-
relations):
(a)
the articles of association (with a certified English translation thereof) of the Issuer;
(b)
the independent auditors’ audit reports and audited consolidated BRSA Financial Statements of the 
Group for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021;
(c)
the independent auditors’ audit reports and audited unconsolidated BRSA Financial Statements of the 
Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021;
(d)
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the most recently 
published unaudited interim financial statements of the Issuer, in each case in English and together with 
any audit or review reports prepared in connection therewith. The Issuer currently prepares audited 
consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements in accordance with BRSA Principles on an annual 
basis, audited consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS on an annual basis, unaudited 
consolidated and unconsolidated interim financial statements in accordance with BRSA Principles on a 
quarterly basis and unaudited consolidated interim financial statements in accordance with IFRS on a 
semi-annual basis (though the Issuer’s IFRS financial statements do not constitute a part of, and are not 
incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus); 
(e)
a copy of this Base Prospectus;
(f)
the Agency Agreement (including the forms of the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Global Notes, 
the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons); and
(g)
any future supplements and Final Terms (in respect of Notes which are admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA or offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein 
or therein by reference.
See “Documents Incorporated by Reference” above.

--- Page 319 ---
319
Clearing Systems
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN and, if applicable, the FISN 
and/or CFI for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. In addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Notes in registered form 
to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for each Tranche of 
such Registered Notes, together with the relevant ISIN, Common Code and (if applicable) FISN and/or CFI, 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative 
clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 
10041, United States of America.
Conditions for determining price
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.
Significant or Material Change 
There has been: (a) no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of either the Group 
or the Bank since 31 December 2023 and (b) no material adverse change in the prospects of either the Group 
or the Bank since 31 December 2023.
Litigation
Save as disclosed under “Business of the Group – Legal Proceedings – Tax Audit” in this Base Prospectus, 
neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.
Independent Auditors
The annual consolidated financial statements of Türkiye Sınai Kalkınma Bankası A.Ş. as of and for the years 
ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been audited 
by EY, independent auditors, as stated in their audit reports incorporated by reference herein.
The annual unconsolidated financial statements of Türkiye Sınai Kalkınma Bankası A.Ş. as of and for the years 
ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been audited 
by EY, independent auditors, as stated in their audit reports incorporated by reference herein.
Güney Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş. (a member firm of Ernst & Young 
Global Limited) (“EY”), independent auditors, is located at Maslak Mahallesi Eski Büyükdere Cad., Orjin 
Plaza, No: 27, Kat:2-3-4, Daire: 54-57-59, Sariyer, 34485 Istanbul, Türkiye, and is a member of Kamu Gözetimi 
Kurumu (Public Oversight Authority) and authorised by the BRSA to conduct independent audits of banks in 
Türkiye.

--- Page 320 ---
320
Listing Agent
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Bank in connection 
with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under the Programme to the Official 
List or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.
Dealers transacting with the Issuer
Certain of the Dealers, the Arrangers and their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates, including Notes issued under the Programme. The Arrangers, 
certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
the Arrangers, such Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Arrangers, the Dealers and 
their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 321 ---
321
APPENDIX 1
OVERVIEW OF SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES BETWEEN IFRS AND BRSA 
ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES
Certain of the financial statements and financial information as of 31 December 2020, 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022 included in this Base Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with Turkish Accounting 
Standards (“TAS”), Turkish Financial Reporting Standards (“TFRS”) and the statements, communiqués and 
guidance published by the BRSA on accounting and financial reporting principles (i.e., the BRSA Principles). 
Although the TFRS is almost an exact translation of IFRS, the BRSA Principles, statements, communiqués and 
guidance differ from IFRS in some instances. Such differences primarily relate to presentation of financial 
statements, disclosure requirements and accounting policies. The following paragraphs summarise major areas 
in which the BRSA Accounting and Reporting Regulations and IFRS differ from each other.
Consolidation
Consolidation principles under the BRSA Accounting and Reporting Regulations and IFRS are based upon the 
concept of the power to control in determining whether a parent/subsidiary relationship exists and that 
consolidation is appropriate. Control is typically exhibited where an entity has the majority of the voting rights.
Under the BRSA Principles, only subsidiaries and associates operating in the financial services sector are 
required to be consolidated with a bank; the rest are carried at cost or at fair value. IFRS does not make such a 
sectoral distinction in terms of consolidation.
Presentation of Financial Statements
Although presentation of the financial statements under both the BRSA Accounting and Reporting Regulations 
and IFRS are similar to each other, there are still differences (e.g., IFRS 7). BRSA financial statements are 
presented under a special format determined by the BRSA. Similarly, both cash flow and comprehensive income 
statements are presented using this specified format.
There are other similar differences in the accounting policies and disclosure requirements applied to subsidiaries 
and associates that are subject to consolidation. These differences vary based upon the sector that the related 
associate or subsidiary operates in, especially factoring and leasing services, which are subject to specific BRSA 
policies/requirements.
Allowance for Loan Losses
From 1 January 2018, with the adoption of IFRS 9 (and, accordingly, TFRS 9), the differences between IFRS 
and BRSA Accounting Principles in relation to Allowances for Loan Losses are no longer applicable. However, 
they remain relevant for the financial information presented for the years ended 31 December 2015, 2016 and 
2017.
Under the BRSA Principles, specific and general reserves for possible loan losses are provided for in accordance 
with the Provisioning Regulation issued by the BRSA. All loans are grouped into five categories mainly 
depending upon their past due status and creditworthiness of the borrower. The BRSA Principles have 
prescribed certain minimum provisioning rates for groups comprising non-performing loans after taking into 
account collateral (specific provision) and a separate rate for groups comprising performing loans (general 
provision – the general provision rate is specified by BRSA and applied consistently across the Turkish banking 
sector).

--- Page 322 ---
322
The Bank’s policy is to provide fully (at a rate of 100 per cent.) for its non-performing loan portfolio. Legal 
requirements allow differing minimum provisions depending on the category of the non-performing loan, 
including minimum provisions of 20 per cent., 50 per cent. and 100 per cent. to be set aside for loans and 
receivables in Groups III, IV and V, respectively (see “Turkish Regulatory Environment – Loan Loss Reserves”).
Under IFRS, for loans that have been identified as impaired, the amount of the impairment loss is measured as 
the difference between the loan’s carrying amount and the present value of expected future cash flows 
discounted at the loan’s original effective interest rate. IFRS requires a form of individual assessment for loans 
that are individually significant and a collective assessment for loans that form part of a group of loans with 
similar credit characteristics.
Deferred Tax
In accordance with IFRS, deferred tax is recognised on differences between the carrying amounts of assets and 
liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit, 
and are accounted for using the balance sheet liability method. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised 
for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary 
differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible 
temporary differences can be utilised. On the other hand, under the BRSA Principles, it is not permitted to 
recognise deferred tax on a general provision allocated based upon BRSA rules although it constitutes a 
temporary difference based upon IAS 12 Income Taxes. Besides, under IFRS, it shall be calculated deferred tax 
base for the difference between allowances for loan losses calculated based upon the BRSA Accounting and 
Reporting Regulations and IFRS.
Financial Reporting in Hyperinflation Economies 
Entities whose functional currency is the currency of a hyperinflationary economy present their financial 
statements in terms of the measuring unit current at the end of the reporting period according to “TAS 29 
Financial Reporting in Hyperinflation Economies”. Based on the announcement made by POA on 23 November 
2023, entities applying TFRS are required to present their financial statements by adjusting for the impact of 
inflation for the annual reporting period ending on or after 31 December 2023, in accordance with the 
accounting principles specified in TAS 29. In the same announcement, it was stated that institutions or 
organisations authorised to regulate and supervise in their respective scope might determine different transition 
dates for the implementation of inflation accounting, and in this context, BRSA announced that financial 
statements of banks, financial leasing, factoring, financing, savings financing and asset management companies 
as of 31 December 2023 would not be subject to the inflation adjustment in accordance with BRSA Board 
decision on 12 December 2023.
Based on this, “TAS 29 Financial Reporting in Hyperinflation Economies” has not been applied in the 
consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2023.

--- Page 323 ---
323
ISSUER 
Türkiye Sınai Kalkınma Bankası A.Ş. 
Meclisi Mebusan Cad. 
No: 81 Fındıklı 34427 
İstanbul 
Republic of Türkiye
ARRANGERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany
DEALERS 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank P.J.S.C. 
P.O. Box 939  
Abu Dhabi  
United Arab Emirates
Arab Banking Corporation (B.S.C.) 
PO Box 5698 
Diplomatic Area, Manama 
Kingdom of Bahrain
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany
ING Bank N.V.  
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc  
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited 
100 Liverpool Street 
London EC2M 2AT 
United Kingdom
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France
Standard Chartered Bank 
One Basinghall Avenue 
London EC2V 5DD 
United Kingdom
FISCAL AGENT, EXCHANGE AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 324 ---
324
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe Plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuer as to Turkish law 
To the Issuer as to English and United States law 
Özmen Yalçın Attorney Partnership 
Büyükdere Caddesi, No: 191  
Apa Giz Plaza, Kat: 9  
Levent, 34330, İstanbul 
Republic of Türkiye
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom
To the Dealers as to Turkish law  
To the Dealers as to English and United States law 
Çiftçi Attorney Partnership
Büyükdere Cad. No 185  
İstanbul 34394 
Republic of Türkiye
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP
1 rue d’Astorg 
Paris, France 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08  
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
Güney Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş. 
Maslak Mahallesi Eski Büyükdere Cad. 
Orjin Plaza 
No: 27, Kat:2-3-4 
Daire: 54-57-59 
Sariyer 
34485 Istanbul 
Republic of Türkiye
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland