--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
TÜRKİYE İŞ BANKASI A.Ş. 
US$7,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this Global Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Türkiye İş Bankası A.Ş., a banking institution organised as a joint stock company under 
the laws of the Republic of Türkiye (“Türkiye”) and registered with the İstanbul Trade Registry under number 431112 (the “Bank” or the “Issuer”), may from time to time 
issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) or investor(s). 
Notes may be issued in either bearer or registered form (respectively, “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes”); provided that the Notes may be offered and sold 
in the United States only in registered form except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. As of the time of each issuance of Notes, the maximum aggregate 
nominal amount of all Notes outstanding under the Programme will not exceed US$7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the 
Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued from time to time to: (a) one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the Programme - The Programme” and 
any additional Dealer(s) appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing 
basis, and/or (b) one or more investor(s) purchasing Notes (or beneficial interests therein) directly from the Issuer. 
INVESTING IN THE NOTES INVOLVES RISKS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSIDER THE FACTORS SET FORTH UNDER 
“RISK FACTORS” FOR A DISCUSSION OF CERTAIN OF THESE RISKS. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), of the United States of America (the 
“United States” or “U.S.”) or any other U.S. federal or state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. 
person (“U.S. person”) as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) except to “qualified institutional buyers” (“QIBs”) within the meaning of Rule 
144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”) in a transaction satisfying the conditions of Rule 144A or unless another exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the United States and each applicable state or other jurisdiction of the United States. See 
“Form of the Notes” for a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued. For a description of certain restrictions on the sale and transfer of investments in the 
Notes, see “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” Where the “United States” is referenced herein with respect to Regulation S, such shall have the meaning provided thereto 
in Rule 902 of Regulation S. 
This base prospectus (this “Base Prospectus”) has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 
(as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes that are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) and/or that are to be offered to the public in any 
member state (a “Member State”) of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) in circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. Application has 
been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market (the “Regulated Market”). The Regulated Market 
is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. This Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time, if applicable) is valid until 24 March 2024 in relation to Notes 
that are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. In case of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information 
in this Base Prospectus that may affect the assessment of a Series of Notes and that arises or is noted between the date of this Base Prospectus and the closing of the offer 
period or the time when trading on a regulated market begins for such Series, whichever occurs later, such shall be mentioned in a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
without undue delay in accordance with Article 23(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. In accordance with Article 21(8) of the Prospectus Regulation, the obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid. References in this Base Prospectus to any Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
Application has been made to the Capital Markets Board (the “CMB”) of Türkiye, in its capacity as competent authority under Law No. 6362 (the “Capital 
Markets Law”) of Türkiye relating to capital markets, for its approval of the issuance and sale of Notes by the Bank outside of Türkiye. No Notes may be sold before the 
necessary approvals are obtained from the CMB. The CMB approval based upon which any offering of the Notes may be conducted was obtained on 6 January 2023 and, 
to the extent (and in the form) required by applicable law, a written approval of the CMB in relation to each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be required to be 
obtained on or before the issue date (an “Issue Date”) of such Tranche of Notes. Unless the Bank obtains the necessary new approvals from the CMB, the aggregate debt 
instrument amount issued under such approval (whether issued under the Programme or otherwise) cannot exceed US$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Under current Turkish tax law, withholding tax might apply to payments of interest on the Notes. See “Taxation - Certain Turkish Tax Considerations.” 
Notice of the aggregate principal amount of a Tranche of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of such Notes, the issue price of such Notes and certain 
other information that is applicable to such Notes will be set out in a final terms document (for a Tranche, its “Final Terms”). With respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext 
Dublin or any other regulated market in the EEA, the applicable Final Terms will be filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin or the competent authority 
for such other market, as applicable. For so long as any Notes are admitted to the Official List, copies of the Final Terms for such Notes will also be published on the 
Issuer’s website at https://www.isbank.com.tr/en/about-us/prospectuses-and-offering-circulars. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed and/or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or (in the case of Notes purchased directly from the Issuer by one or more investor(s)) the relevant investor(s) (as 
set out in the applicable Final Terms). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Programme has been rated “B-” (for long-term issuances) and “B” (for short-term issuances) by Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”) and “B3” (for long-term 
issuances) by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s” and, with Fitch, the “Rating Agencies”). The Bank has also been rated by the Rating Agencies as set out on 
page 129 of this Base Prospectus. Please see such page with respect to the Rating Agencies’ registration and/or endorsement in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) and/or the 
European Union (the “EU”), as applicable. Series of Notes may either be rated by any rating agency (including by any one or more of the Rating Agencies) or unrated. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated (other than in the case of unsolicited ratings), the initial such rating(s) will be disclosed in the Final Terms for such Tranche and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned by the applicable rating agency to the Notes of other Series or (if rated by Fitch and/or Moody’s) the rating described above. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Arrangers 
J.P. Morgan
Standard Chartered Bank
Dealers 
Bank ABC
BofA Securities
BNP PARIBAS
Citigroup
Commerzbank
Deutsche Bank
Emirates NBD Capital
Goldman Sachs International
HSBC
ICBC
ING
J.P. Morgan
Morgan Stanley
MUFG
SMBC Nikko
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking
Standard Chartered Bank 
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 24 March 2023.

--- Page 2 ---
i 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. This 
document does not constitute a prospectus for the purposes of Section 12(a)(2) of, or any other provision of or rule 
under, the Securities Act. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this 
Base Prospectus and, for each Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, such 
information is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
The Issuer confirms that: (a) this Base Prospectus (including the information incorporated by reference herein) 
contains all information that in its view is material in the context of the issuance and offering of the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein), (b) the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus is true and 
accurate in all material respects and is not misleading, (c) any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed in this Base 
Prospectus (including in any of the documents (or applicable portions thereof) incorporated by reference herein) on the part 
of the Issuer are honestly held or made by the Issuer and are not misleading in any material respects, and there are no other 
facts the omission of which would make this Base Prospectus or any of such information or the expression of any such 
opinions, predictions or intentions misleading in any material respect, and (d) all reasonable enquiries have been made by the 
Issuer to ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of all such information and statements. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents that are (or portions of which are) incorporated 
by reference herein (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the 
basis that such documents (or the applicable portions thereof) are incorporated into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
To the full extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates 
accept any responsibility for: (a) the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus 
or any other information provided by (or on behalf of) the Issuer in connection with the Programme or an issue and offering 
of Notes (or beneficial interests therein), (b) any statement consistent with this Base Prospectus made, or purported to be 
made, by a Dealer or an Arranger or on its behalf in connection with the Programme or an issue and offering of Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) or (c) any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other Person (as defined in Condition 5.4) in 
connection with the Programme or an issue and offering of Notes (or beneficial interests therein). Each Dealer and Arranger 
accordingly disclaims (including on behalf of their respective affiliates) all and any liability that it might otherwise have 
(whether in tort, contract or otherwise) in respect of the accuracy or completeness of any such information or statements. The 
Arrangers and Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of 
the Programme or to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the suitability 
of any Sustainability Notes issued pursuant to the Programme to fulfil environmental, social or sustainability criteria required 
by any prospective investors. Neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers have undertaken, nor are they responsible for undertaking, 
any assessment of the eligibility criteria for Green Categories and/or Social Categories (each as defined in “Use of Proceeds”), 
any verification of whether any loans within the Green Categories and/or Social Categories meet such criteria or the 
monitoring of the use of the net proceeds of any Sustainability Notes (or an amount equal to the net proceeds). Investors 
should refer to the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework referred to in “Use of Proceeds.” 
In connection with the Programme or an issue and offering of Notes, no Person is or has been authorised by the 
Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied by (or with the consent of) the Issuer and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Arrangers or Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied by (or on behalf of) the Issuer, any of the Arrangers 
or Dealers or any of their respective affiliates in connection with the Programme or any Notes: (a) is intended to provide the 
basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Arrangers 
or Dealers or any of their respective affiliates that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any such other information should 
invest in any Notes. Each investor contemplating investing in any Note should: (i) determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus, (ii) make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and (iii) make 
its own determination of the suitability of any such investment in light of its own circumstances, with particular reference to

--- Page 3 ---
ii 
its own investment objectives and experience, and any other factors that are relevant to it in connection with such investment, 
in each case, based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor, except to the extent explicitly stated therein, any other information supplied by (or 
on behalf of) the Issuer or any of the Arrangers or Dealers in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by (or on behalf of) the Issuer, any of the Arrangers or Dealers or any of their respective 
affiliates to any Person to subscribe for or purchase any Notes (or beneficial interests therein). This Base Prospectus is 
intended only to provide information to assist potential investors in deciding whether or not to subscribe for, or invest in, the 
Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this 
Base Prospectus is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof (or, if such information is stated to be as of an earlier 
date, subsequent to such earlier date) or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and/or the offer or sale of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) might be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. None of the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be lawfully offered, in any such jurisdiction 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer that is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, any advertisement or any other material relating to the Programme in any jurisdiction in which action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly: (a) no Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
and (b) neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other material relating to the Programme may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction except, in each case, under circumstances that will result in compliance with all applicable laws. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) come(s) must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, any advertisement or other 
material relating to the Programme and the offering and/or sale of Notes (or beneficial interests therein). In particular, there 
are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer and/or sale of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) 
in (inter alia) Türkiye, the United States, the EEA (including Belgium), the UK, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), 
the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC (“Hong Kong”), Singapore, Japan, Canada, Switzerland and 
Thailand. See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
In making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, investors must rely upon their own examination of the 
Issuer and the terms of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) being offered, including the merits and risks involved. The 
Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) of the United States 
or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States and, other than the approvals of the 
Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency (in Turkish: Bankacılık Düzenleme ve Denetleme Kurumu) (the “BRSA”) of 
Türkiye, the CMB and the Central Bank of Ireland described herein, have not been approved or disapproved by any securities 
commission or other regulatory authority in Türkiye or any other jurisdiction, nor has any such authority (other than the 
Central Bank of Ireland to the extent described herein) approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined 
the adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary might be unlawful. 
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Issuer or any of their respective affiliates, counsel or other representatives 
makes any representation to any actual or potential investor in the Notes regarding the legality under any law of its investment 
in the Notes. Any investor in the Notes should ensure that it is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes 
for an indefinite period of time. 
The Notes might not be a suitable investment for all investors. As noted above, each potential investor contemplating 
making an investment in the Notes must make its own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of its 
own circumstances, with particular reference to its own investment objectives and experience, and any other factors that are 
relevant to it in connection with such investment, in each case, based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. In 
particular, each potential investor in the Notes should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisors, whether it:

--- Page 4 ---
iii 
(a) has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the applicable Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in such Notes and the information contained in (including incorporated by reference 
into) this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement hereto, 
(b) has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
circumstances, an investment in the applicable Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio, 
(c) has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the applicable 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currency(ies) or where the currency for 
principal and/or interest payments is different from such potential investor’s currency, 
(d) understands thoroughly the terms of the applicable Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets, and 
(e) is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that might affect its 
investment in the Notes and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations might restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are 
subject to laws and/or to review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor in the Notes should consult its 
legal advisors to determine whether and to what extent: (a) Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are legal investments for it, 
(b) its investment in the Notes can be used by it as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to 
its purchase, holding or pledge of any Notes (or beneficial interests therein). Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of their investments in the Notes under any 
applicable risk-based capital or other rules. Each potential investor in the Notes should consult its own advisors as to the legal, 
tax, business, financial and related aspects of an investment in the Notes. 
The 
Issuer 
has 
obtained 
the 
CMB 
approval 
letter 
(dated 
6 January 
2023 
and 
numbered 
E-29833736-105.02.02-31350) and the CMB approved issuance certificate (in Turkish: onaylanmış ihraç belgesi) (approved 
by the decision of the CMB dated 5 January 2023 and numbered 01/07) (together, the “CMB Approval”) based upon which 
any offering of the Notes might be conducted. The Issuer also obtained the BRSA approval letter (numbered 
E-20008792-101.02.01[44]-69777) (the “BRSA Approval” and, with the CMB Approval, the “Programme Approvals”) 
required for the issuance of Notes under the Programme. The maximum principal amount of securities that the Bank can issue 
under the CMB Approval is US$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate (the “Approved Issuance 
Limit”); provided that, as per the BRSA Approval, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of debt instruments 
denominated in Turkish Lira issued by the Issuer (whether under these approvals or otherwise) may not exceed 
TL 27,000,000,000. It should be noted that, regardless of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Notes or the amount 
permitted to be issued under the Programme, unless the Bank obtains new approval(s) from the CMB, the aggregate principal 
amount of securities issued under the CMB Approval (whether issued under the Programme or otherwise) cannot exceed the 
Approved Issuance Limit. As per the Green Debt Instruments, Sustainable Debt Instruments, Green Lease Certificates, 
Sustainable Lease Certificates Guide published by the CMB on 24 February 2022, in order to make sustainable/green 
issuances outside of Türkiye, the Issuer is required to obtain a separate approval from the CMB in addition to the CMB 
Approval. In addition to the Programme Approvals, but only to the extent (and in the form) required by applicable law, an 
approval of the CMB in respect of each Tranche of Notes is required to be obtained by the Issuer on or before the Issue Date 
of such Tranche, which date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The scope of the Programme Approvals might 
be amended and/or new approvals from the CMB and/or the BRSA might be obtained from time to time. The Notes issued 
under the Programme prior to the respective dates of the Programme Approvals were issued under previously existing BRSA 
and CMB approvals. 
Pursuant to the Programme Approvals, the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme have been authorised 
and approved in accordance with Decree No. 32 on the Protection of the Value of the Turkish Currency (as amended, 
“Decree 32”), the Banking Law No. 5411 of 2005 (as amended, the “Banking Law”), and its related law, the Capital Markets 
Law and the Communiqué on Debt Instruments No. VII-128.8 of the CMB (as amended, the “Debt Instruments 
Communiqué”) and its related law. The Notes issued under the Programme prior to the date of the CMB Approval were issued 
under previously existing CMB approvals. 
In addition, in accordance with the Programme Approvals, the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may only be 
offered or sold outside of Türkiye. Under the Programme Approvals, the BRSA and the CMB have authorised the offering, 
sale and issue of the Notes on the condition that no transaction that qualifies as a sale or offering of Notes (or beneficial

--- Page 5 ---
iv 
interests therein) in Türkiye may be engaged in. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the BRSA decisions dated 6 May 
2010 (No. 3665) and 30 September 2010 (No. 3875) and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Türkiye: (a) may, in the 
secondary markets only, purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated in a currency other than Turkish 
Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, and (b) may, in both the primary and secondary markets, 
purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated in Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited 
(reverse inquiry) basis; provided that, for each of clauses (a) and (b), such purchase or sale is made through licensed banks 
authorised by the BRSA or licensed brokerage institutions authorised pursuant to CMB regulations and the purchase price is 
transferred through such licensed banks. As such, Turkish residents should use such licensed banks or such licensed brokerage 
institutions when purchasing Notes (or beneficial interests therein) and should transfer the purchase price through such 
licensed banks. The requirements in this paragraph are herein referred to as the “Turkish Purchase Requirements.” 
Potential investors should note that, under the Central Securities Depositaries Regulation of the EU, a trade in the 
secondary markets within the EU might be required to settle in two applicable business days unless the parties to such trade 
expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, investors who wish to trade interests in Notes in the EU on the trade date relating to 
such Notes or the next business day will likely be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially will likely settle on a 
settlement cycle longer than such number of days, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to 
prevent a failed settlement. 
Monies paid for the purchase of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are not protected by the insurance coverage 
provided by the Savings Deposit Insurance Fund (in Turkish: Tasarruf Mevduatı Sigorta Fonu) (the “SDIF”) of Türkiye. 
Pursuant to the Debt Instruments Communiqué, the Issuer is required to notify the Central Securities Depository of 
Türkiye (in Turkish: Merkezi Kayıt Kuruluşu A.Ş.) (trade name: Central Registry İstanbul (in Turkish: Merkezi Kayıt 
İstanbul)) (“Central Registry İstanbul”) within three İstanbul business days from the applicable Issue Date of a Tranche of 
Notes of the amount, Issue Date, ISIN (if any), interest commencement date, maturity date, interest rate, name of the custodian 
and currency of such Notes and the country of issuance. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled “MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE” that 
will outline the target market assessment of the applicable manufacturer(s) in respect of such Notes and which channels for 
distribution of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are appropriate. In those cases, any Person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment of such manufacturer(s); however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment of such manufacturer(s)) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein) is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein), but otherwise 
none of the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled “UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE” that 
will outline the target market assessment of the applicable manufacturer(s) in respect of such Notes and which channels for 
distribution of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are appropriate. In those cases, any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment of such manufacturer(s); however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment of such manufacturer(s)) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein), but otherwise none of the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
v 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest Amounts payable in respect of Floating Rate Notes might be calculated by reference to the following 
benchmark reference rates that are provided by the following benchmark administrators (each a “Benchmark Administrator”): 
Benchmark Reference Rates 
Benchmark Administrator 
SONIA ................................................
Bank of England
SOFR...................................................
Federal Reserve Bank of New York
EURIBOR ...........................................
European Money Markets Institute
TLREF ................................................
TLREF Committee(1)
HIBOR ................................................
Hong Kong Treasury Markets Association
ROBOR...............................................
National Bank of Romania
PRIBOR ..............................................
Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o.
SIBOR.................................................
ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd.
NIBOR ................................................
Norske Finansielle Referanser AS
WIBOR ...............................................
Warsaw Stock Exchange
CNH HIBOR.......................................
Hong Kong Treasury Markets Association
__________________________________________________________ 
(1) 
TLREF Committee (in Turkish: TLREF Komitesi) includes a member from each of the Central Bank, the Turkish Treasury, the Banks 
Association of Türkiye, the Turkish Capital Markets Association (in Turkish: Türkiye Sermaye Piyasaları Birliği), the BRSA, the İstanbul 
Settlement and Custody Bank (in Turkish: İstanbul Takas ve Saklama Bankası A.Ş.) and the Borsa İstanbul. 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Floating Rate Notes will specify whether or not the 
applicable Benchmark Administrator appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks (the “Register of 
Administrators”) established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) of 8 June 2016 (as amended, the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, European Money Markets Institute, Czech Financial Benchmark 
Facility s.r.o. and ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd. appear on the Register of Administrators, but none of the 
other Benchmark Administrators appear on the Register of Administrators, though the Bank of England and the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as central banks, are not required to appear on the Register of Administrators pursuant to 
Article 2(2) of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that none of the Benchmark Administrators that are not registered as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus in the Register of Administrators is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, required to obtain authorisation 
or registration (or, if non-EU-based, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains some statements that might be considered to be forward-looking statements. Forward-
looking statements include (without limitation) statements concerning the Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future 
operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. When used in this Base 
Prospectus, the words “anticipates,” “estimates,” “expects,” “believes,” “intends,” “plans,” “aims,” “seeks,” “may,” “might,” 
“will,” “should” and any similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements 
appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus, including (without limitation) in the sections titled “Risk 
Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Selected Statistical 
and Other Information” and “The Group and its Business,” and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: 
● 
strategy and objectives, 
● 
trends affecting the Group’s results of operations and financial condition, 
● 
asset portfolios, 
● 
expected credit losses, 
● 
capital spending, 
● 
legal proceedings, and 
● 
the Group’s potential exposure to market risk and other risk factors. 
Forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Actual results might differ materially from 
those expressed in these forward-looking statements. 
The Issuer has identified certain of the risks inherent in these forward-looking statements and these are set out under 
“Risk Factors.”

--- Page 7 ---
vi 
The Issuer has based these forward-looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future 
events and financial performance. Although the Issuer’s management believes that the expectations, estimates and projections 
reflected in the forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if 
one or more of the risks or uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements materialise(s), including those identified 
in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer’s underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, then the Issuer’s 
actual results of operation might vary from those expected, estimated or projected and those variations might be material. 
There might be other risks, including some risks of which the Issuer is unaware, that might adversely affect the 
Group’s results, the Notes or the accuracy of forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus. Therefore, potential 
investors should not consider the factors discussed under “Risk Factors” to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or 
uncertainties of investing in the Notes. 
Potential investors should not place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Without prejudice to any 
requirements under applicable laws, the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date 
of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in 
expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or circumstances upon which any such forward-looking statement is 
based. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus might be provided on a confidential basis in the United States to QIBs under Rule 144A and 
“accredited investors” (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act) that are institutions (“Institutional 
Accredited Investors”), and to investors within the United States with whom “offshore transactions” under Regulation S can 
be entered into, for informational use solely in connection with the consideration of an investment in certain Notes. Its use 
for any other purpose in the United States or by any U.S. person is not authorised. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to United States persons except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), of 
the United States of America and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the securities or “blue sky” 
laws of any state of the United States or any other U.S. jurisdiction. Each investor, by purchasing a Note (or a beneficial 
interest therein), agrees (or will be deemed to agree) that the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be reoffered, resold, 
pledged or otherwise transferred only upon registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to the exemptions from the 
registration requirements thereof described under “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” Each investor also will be deemed to 
have made certain representations and agreements as described therein. Any resale or other transfer, or attempted resale or 
other attempted transfer, of the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) that is not made in accordance with the transfer 
restrictions may subject the transferor and/or transferee to certain liabilities under applicable securities laws. Furthermore, 
purchasers of IAI Notes (including beneficial interests in IAI Global Notes) will be required to execute and deliver an 
investment letter substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (an “IAI Investment Letter”). 
The Notes (or beneficial interests therein) generally may be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons only if such U.S. persons are either QIBs or Institutional Accredited Investors, in either 
case in registered form and in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, registration under the Securities Act in reliance 
upon Rule 144A, Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or any other applicable exemption. Each investor in Notes that is a U.S. 
person or is in the United States is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to it 
might be being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act 
provided by Rule 144A, Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or (in certain limited circumstances) Regulation S. 
Purchasers of IAI Notes (or beneficial interests therein) will be required to execute and deliver an IAI Investment 
Letter. Each investor in an IAI Note, a Rule 144A Global Note or any Notes issued in registered form in exchange or 
substitution therefor (together “Legended Notes”) will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein), to have made certain representations and agreements as set out in “Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions.” Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in “Form of the Notes.”

--- Page 8 ---
vii 
Potential investors that are U.S. persons should note that the Issue Date for a Tranche of Notes may be more than 
two relevant business days (this settlement cycle being referred to as “T+2”) following the trade date of such Notes. Under 
Rule 15c6-l of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), of the United States, a trade in the 
United States in the secondary market generally is required to settle in two business days unless otherwise expressly agreed 
to by the parties at the time of the transaction. Accordingly, investors who wish to trade interests in Notes in the United States 
on the trade date relating to such Notes or the next business day will likely be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes 
initially will likely settle on a settlement cycle longer than T+2, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such 
trade to prevent a failed settlement. In February 2022, the SEC proposed amending such rule in order to provide for settlement 
in one business day, for which amendment the SEC has requested comments from market participants. 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) that are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer has 
undertaken in a deed poll dated 30 April 2018 (such deed poll as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the 
“Deed Poll”) that, so long as any of the Notes are such “restricted securities,” during any period when the Issuer is not subject 
to and in compliance with the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or it is not exempt from 
such reporting requirements pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act, it will provide to 
each holder or beneficial owner of such Notes and to each prospective purchaser thereof (as designated by any such holder or 
beneficial owner), upon the request of such holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser, the information required to be 
provided pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend titled “PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL 
INVESTORS,” then such Notes (and beneficial interests therein) are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to (and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes: (a) “EEA Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) No. 2016/97 (as amended, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, and (b) the expression “offer” 
includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for such Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein). See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions – Selling Restrictions – Public Offer Selling Restriction 
under the Prospectus Regulation and, where applicable, Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” below. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or otherwise making them available to EEA Retail Investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or otherwise making them 
available to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA might be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend titled “PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL 
INVESTORS,” then such Notes (and beneficial interests therein) are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to (and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any UK Retail Investor in the UK. For these 
purposes: (a) “UK Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) of the UK and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Prospectus Regulation”), and (b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for such Notes (or beneficial interests therein). See “Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions – Selling Restrictions – United Kingdom” below. Consequently, no key information document required by the 
PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or otherwise making them available to UK Retail Investors in the UK has 
been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or otherwise making them 
available to any UK Retail Investor in the UK might be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 9 ---
viii 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT 2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE 
With respect to each issuance of Notes, the Issuer may make a determination about the classification of such Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) for purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore (as amended, the “SFA”). The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled 
“Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore” that will 
state the product classification of the applicable Notes (and, if applicable, beneficial interests therein) pursuant to 
Section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) shall be “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and “Excluded Investment Products” (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the 
“MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or any such legend included in the relevant Final Terms will 
constitute notice to “relevant persons” for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more of the Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (each a “Stabilisation Manager”) (or Persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) might overallot such Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of an investment in 
such Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail; however, stabilisation might not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action might begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, might cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or overallotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or Persons acting on behalf 
of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. Notwithstanding anything herein to the 
contrary, the Issuer may not (whether through overallotment or otherwise) issue more Notes than have been authorised by the 
CMB or are permitted under the Programme.

--- Page 10 ---
ix 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
The Bank is required to maintain its books of account and prepare statutory financial statements in accordance with 
the BRSA Principles (such financial statements, including any notes thereto and the independent auditor’s reports thereon, 
the “BRSA Financial Statements”). The Bank’s BRSA Financial Statements are filed with the Borsa İstanbul A.Ş. (“Borsa 
İstanbul”) and the Bank’s and the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements are used for determinations of the Bank’s and the 
Group’s compliance with Turkish regulatory requirements established by the BRSA, including for the calculation of capital 
adequacy ratios. All financial statements incorporated by reference herein, including the Bank’s consolidated and 
unconsolidated annual statutory financial statements as of and for each of the years ended 31 December 2021 (including 
comparative information for 2020) and 2022 (including comparative information for 2021) (in each case, including any notes 
thereto and the independent auditor’s audit report thereon) (the “BRSA Annual Financial Statements”), have been prepared 
and presented in accordance with the BRSA Principles except for the free provisions (which do not meet the recognition 
criteria of Turkish Accounting Standards 37 “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets”) recognised by the 
Bank. The independent auditor’s report included in each of the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein 
includes a qualification regarding free provisions recognised as a result of the Bank’s prudential approach considering the 
circumstances that might arise from possible changes in the economy and market conditions. See “Risk Factors – Risks 
Relating to the Group and its Business – Other Group-Related Risks – Audit Qualification.” 
In this Base Prospectus, “BRSA Principles” means the laws relating to the accounting and financial reporting of 
banks in Türkiye (including the “Regulation on Accounting Applications for Banks and Safeguarding of Documents” 
published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006, other regulations on the accounting records of banks 
published by the board of the BRSA and circulars and interpretations published by the BRSA) and the requirements of the 
“Turkish Accounting Standards” and “Turkish Financial Reporting Standards” issued by the Public Oversight, Accounting 
and Auditing Standards Authority (in Turkish: Kamu Gözetimi Muhasebe ve Denetim Standartları Kurumu) (the “POA”) for 
the matters that are not regulated by such laws. 
The Bank’s and the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein have been prepared in 
accordance with Turkish Financial Reporting Standards 9 (Financial Instruments), which are the IFRS 9-compliant financial 
reporting standards of Türkiye (“TFRS 9”), Turkish Financial Reporting Standards 15 (Revenue from Customer Contracts) 
(“TFRS 15”) and Turkish Financial Reporting Standards 16 (Leases) (“TFRS 16”). 
The Bank’s foreign subsidiaries maintain their books of account and prepare their financial statements in accordance 
with the generally accepted accounting principles and the related rules applicable in the countries in which they operate and, 
while preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group, these are adjusted and classified pursuant to the BRSA 
Principles. 
The BRSA Financial Statements are prepared on a historical cost basis except for: (a) “financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss,” (b) “financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income,” (c) real estate that is held for 
sale (which is measured as: (i) the lower of its carrying amount or its fair value less (ii) selling costs) or the Group’s own use, 
(d) “financial assets measured at amortised cost” and (e) investments in associates and subsidiaries that are accounted with 
the equity method in accordance with TAS 28. It is important to note that the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements reflect a 
full consolidation only of financial subsidiaries (as explained in Part 3, Section III 1.a of the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial 
Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022), whereas non-financial equity participations are recorded 
according to the equity method. 
The BRSA Annual Financial Statements were audited by Güney Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali 
Müşavirlik Anonim Şirketi (a member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited) (“EY”), independent auditors, in accordance 
with the Regulation on Independent Auditing of Banks published by the BRSA in the Official Gazette No. 29314 dated 2 April 
2015 (the “Turkish Auditor Regulation”) and the Independent Auditing Standards, which is a component of the Turkish 
Auditing Standards. The Bank has appointed EY to act as its independent auditor with respect to 2023. 
The BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, all of which are in English, 
were prepared as convenience translations of the corresponding Turkish language BRSA Financial Statements (which 
translations the Bank confirms are direct and accurate). The English language BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by 
reference herein were not prepared for the purpose of their incorporation by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
While neither the Bank nor the Group is required by law to prepare its accounts under any accounting standards other 
than according to the BRSA Principles, including under International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), the Bank’s 
management has for the time being elected to publish audited annual consolidated and unaudited semi-annual consolidated

--- Page 11 ---
x 
financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with IFRS (such financial statements, including any notes thereto 
and the independent auditor’s reports thereon, being referred to as “IFRS Financial Statements”). IFRS Financial Statements 
are not used by the Bank for any regulatory purposes and the Bank’s management uses the BRSA Financial Statements and 
the BRSA Principles for the management of the Bank and communications with investors. As the Bank’s management uses 
the BRSA Financial Statements, including in its communications with investors, IFRS Financial Statements are not included 
in (or incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus. 
Except to the extent stated otherwise, the financial data for the Group included herein have been extracted, without 
material adjustment, from the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein. Potential investors in 
the Notes should note that this Base Prospectus also includes certain financial information for the Bank, which has been 
extracted, without material adjustment, from the Bank’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein. Such 
financial information is identified as being of “the Bank” in the description of the associated tables or information. Such 
Bank-only financial information is (inter alia) presented in “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Selected Statistical and Other Information” and “The Group and its 
Business.” 
Pursuant to TAS 29, Financial Reporting in High Inflation Economies (“TAS 29”) under Turkish financial reporting 
standards (“TFRS”) and the corresponding International Accounting Standards 29 (“IAS 29”) under IFRS, the financial 
statements of entities whose functional currency is that of a hyperinflationary economy must be adjusted for the effects of 
changes in a general price index. Neither TAS 29 nor IAS 29 establishes an absolute rate when hyperinflation is deemed to 
arise, but rather each provides a series of non-exclusive guidelines as to when restatement of financial statements becomes 
necessary. These guidelines include, among other considerations, a quantitative characteristic verifying if the three-year 
cumulative inflation rate approaches or exceeds 100%. In March 2022, the International Practices Task Force of the Centre 
for Audit Quality, which monitors countries experiencing high inflation, categorised Türkiye as a country with three-year 
cumulative inflation rate greater than 100% as of 28 February 2022. Accordingly, Turkish companies reporting under IFRS 
should apply IAS 29 to their financial statements for periods ending on and after 30 June 2022, which the Bank and the Group 
have done starting with the IFRS Financial Statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2022. 
With respect to TFRS, TAS 29 recommends that all entities that report in the currency of the same hyperinflationary 
economy apply this standard from the same date. As such, as indicated in TAS 29, in order to ensure application compatibility 
within Türkiye, all reporting entities are expected to start to use TAS 29 at the same time following an announcement to do 
so by the POA. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the POA has not yet published any such announcement on whether 
such entities should apply this standard with respect to their financial statements for any accounting period ending on 
31 December 2022 or thereafter. As a result, the Group’s and the Bank’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus have not applied the inflation adjustment standards of TAS 29; however, such adjustments 
might be applied in the future (including with respect to some or all of the interim and/or annual BRSA Financial Statements 
for 2023). As a result, the Group’s and the Bank’s BRSA Financial Statements and IFRS Financial Statements will: (a) for so 
long as they apply different inflation accounting approaches, be less comparable than before such change, and (b) to the extent 
they have been so adjusted for inflation, not be comparable to financial statements from earlier periods prepared without such 
policies. 
Please note that the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein have not been prepared in 
accordance with the international financial reporting standards as adopted by the EU based upon Regulation (EC) 
No. 1606/2002 and that there may be material differences in the financial information had Regulation (EC) 
No. 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial information presented herein. A narrative description of the 
differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles as adopted by the Issuer in preparing its BRSA Annual Financial 
Statements has been included in Appendix A (“Overview of Differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles”). 
The Bank utilises several internal definitions of small and medium-sized enterprise (“SME”) based upon criteria 
including annual turnover, credit limits and/or average assets under management, among others; however, with respect to 
certain published financial information concerning SMEs, the Bank uses the BRSA definition of SME (the “BRSA SME 
Definition”) in order to render such data comparable to that of other Turkish banks. 
The Bank utilises several internal definitions of corporate customers based upon criteria including annual sales and/or 
credit limits, among others; however, with respect to certain published financial information concerning corporate customers, 
the Bank defines corporate customers as those companies that are larger than SMEs (in terms of: (a) annual turnover or total 
assets and (b) number of employees) as defined by the BRSA SME Definition in order to render such data comparable to that 
of other Turkish banks (the “Corporate Definition”).

--- Page 12 ---
xi 
Alternative Performance Measures 
To supplement the Bank’s consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements presented (except for the free 
provisions recognised by the Bank as described herein) in accordance with the BRSA Principles, the Bank uses certain ratios 
and measures included (including through incorporation by reference) in this Base Prospectus that might be considered to be 
“alternative performance measures” (each an “APM”) as described in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance 
Measures (the “ESMA Guidelines”) published by ESMA on 5 October 2015. The ESMA Guidelines provide that an APM is 
understood as “a financial measure of historical or future financial performance, financial position, or cash flows, other than 
a financial measure defined or specified in the applicable financial reporting framework.” The ESMA Guidelines also note 
that they do not apply to APMs “disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation, other than the applicable financial 
reporting framework, that sets out specific requirements governing the determination of such measures.” 
Any APMs included in this Base Prospectus are not alternatives to measures prepared in accordance with the BRSA 
Principles and might be different from similarly titled measures reported by other companies. The Bank’s management 
believes that this information, when considered in conjunction with measures reported under the BRSA Principles, is useful 
to investors because it provides a basis for measuring the organic operating performance in the periods presented and enhances 
investors’ overall understanding of the Group’s financial performance. In addition, these measures are used in internal 
management of the Group, along with financial measures reported under the BRSA Principles, in measuring the Group’s 
performance and comparing it to the performance of its competitors. Furthermore, because the Group has historically reported 
certain APMs to investors, the Bank’s management believes that the inclusion of APMs in this Base Prospectus provides 
consistency in the Group’s financial reporting and thus improves investors’ ability to assess the Group’s trends and 
performance over multiple periods. APMs should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial 
information presented in compliance with the BRSA Principles. APMs as reported by the Bank might not be comparable to 
similarly titled items reported by other companies. 
For the Group, measures that might be considered to be APMs in this Base Prospectus (including pursuant to any 
supplement hereto) (and that are not defined or specified by the BRSA Principles or any other legislation applicable to the 
Group) include (without limitation) the following (such terms being used in this Base Prospectus as defined below): 
average interest rates on loans: For a particular period, this is: (a)(i) the interest income on loans for such 
period minus (ii) interest on non-performing loans (“NPLs”) for such period as a percentage of (b) the average of 
loans and receivables (performing) calculated by averaging the amount as of the balance sheet date immediately 
prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 31 December of the previous year) and each 
intervening month-end date. 
average interest rates on total securities portfolio: For a particular period, this is: (a) the interest income on 
marketable securities portfolio for such period as a percentage of (b) the average of the total securities portfolio 
calculated by averaging the amount as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such 
period (e.g., for any calendar year, 31 December of the previous year) and each intervening month-end date. 
average shareholders’ equity as a percentage of average total assets: For a particular period, this is: (a) the 
average shareholders’ equity for such period as a percentage of (b) the average total assets for such period. 
cash loan-to-deposit ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the total amount of cash loans (excluding 
factoring and leasing receivables and non-performing loans (“NPLs”)) as of such date divided by (b) the total deposits 
as of such date. 
cost to average total assets: For a particular period, this is: (a) the total operating expenses excluding 
insurance expenses for such period as a percentage of (b) the average total assets for such period. When determined 
for a period shorter than 12 months, this is expressed on an annualised basis by multiplying the result by 12 divided 
by the number of months in such period. 
cost-to-income ratio: For a particular period, this is: (a) the cost, which is the total operating expenses 
excluding insurance expenses, for such period as a percentage of (b) the income, which is calculated as the total 
operating income for such period plus profit/loss from associates accounted for using the equity method and minus 
insurance expenses for such period. 
coverage ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the expected credit losses for Stage 3 assets as of such 
date as a percentage of (b) the NPLs as of such date.

--- Page 13 ---
xii 
dividend pay-out ratio: For a particular period, this is: (a) the amount of dividends paid with respect to the 
net period profit/(loss) from continuing operations for such period as a percentage of (b) the net period profit/(loss) 
from continuing operations for such period. 
net interest margin: For a particular period, this is: (a) the Bank-only net interest income (excluding interest 
from the Central Bank on reserves held thereat) for such period as a percentage of (b) the Bank-only average interest-
earning assets for such period. When determined for a period shorter than 12 months, this is expressed on an 
annualised basis by multiplying the result by 12 divided by the number of months in such period. 
non-performing loans to total cash and non-cash loans: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the NPLs as of 
such date divided by (b) the aggregate amount of loans and receivables (performing), NPLs and guarantees and 
suretyships as of such date. 
NPL ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the NPLs as of such date as a percentage of (b) the aggregate 
amount of cash loans and receivables (performing) and the NPLs as of such date. Where the NPL ratio is referenced 
solely with respect to a category of loans (e.g., the NPL ratio of SME loans), then this ratio is calculated solely with 
respect to such category of loans. 
repo-to-deposit ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the funds provided under repurchase agreements 
(“repos”) as of such date divided by (b) the total deposits as of such date. 
return on average shareholders’ equity: For a particular period, this is: (a) the net period profit/(loss) from 
continuing operations (when calculated for the Group, excluding minority shares) for such period as a percentage of 
(b) the average shareholders’ equity (determined on a quarterly basis and, when calculated for the Group, excluding 
minority shares) for such period. When determined for a period shorter than 12 months, this is expressed on an 
annualised basis by multiplying the result by 12 divided by the number of months in such period. 
return on average total assets: For a particular period, this is: (a) the net period profit/(loss) from continuing 
operations for such period as a percentage of (b) the average total assets (determined on a quarterly basis and, when 
calculated for the Group, excluding minority shares) for such period. When determined for a period shorter than 12 
months, this is expressed on an annualised basis by multiplying the result by 12 divided by the number of months in 
such period. 
spread: For a particular period, this is: (a) the average interest rates earned on average interest-earning assets 
(excluding reserves held at the Central Bank and interest earned thereon) during such period minus (b) the average 
interest rates accrued on average interest-bearing liabilities during such period. 
Stage 2 loans as a percentage of performing loans: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the Stage 2 loans as 
of such date as a percentage of (b) the aggregate amount of cash loans and receivables (performing) as of such date. 
total securities portfolio: As of a particular date, this is the sum of: (a) the financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss, (b) the financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and (c) the other 
financial assets measured at amortised cost as of such date. 
total Stage 3 coverage ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the sum of: (i) the expected credit losses for 
Stage 1 assets, Stage 2 assets and Stage 3 assets as of such date plus (ii) the free provisions as of such date as a 
percentage of (b) the NPLs as of such date. 
See “Summary Financial and Other Information,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations,” “Selected Statistical and Other Information” and “The Group and its Business” for further 
information on certain such calculations. 
For any annualised figures calculated for a year, there can be no guarantee, and the Bank does not represent or 
predict, that actual results for the full year will equal or exceed the annualised figure and actual results might vary materially. 
Reconciliations for certain items listed above (to the extent that any of such items are APMs) to the applicable 
financial statements are not included as they are not required by the ESMA Guidelines in these circumstances, including as a 
result of Article 29 thereof where the items described in the APM are directly identifiable from the financial statements (e.g.,

--- Page 14 ---
xiii 
where an applicable APM is merely a calculation of one item in the financial statements as a percentage of another item in 
the financial statements). 
The following are definitions of certain terms that are used in the calculations of the terms defined above (such terms 
being used in this Base Prospectus as they are defined below except to the extent specifically stated otherwise): 
average interest-bearing liabilities: For a particular period, this is: (a) for the purpose of the calculation of 
“spread,” the total of daily averages of total deposits (excluding demand deposits), repo and money market funds, 
funds borrowed and marketable securities issued since 31 December of the previous year, and (b) for the purpose of 
the calculations under the section entitled “Selected Statistical and Other Information – Average Balance Sheet and 
Interest Data,” unless stated otherwise, the sum of the monthly averages of total deposits (excluding demand 
deposits), funds borrowed, funds provided under repurchase agreements, marketable securities issued and 
subordinated debt calculated, for each such item, by averaging the amount of such item as of the balance sheet date 
immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 31 December of the previous 
year) and each intervening month-end date. 
average interest-earning assets: For a particular period, this is: (a) for the purpose of the calculation of “net 
interest margin,” the sum of the quarterly averages of loans and receivables (performing), total securities portfolio, 
banks and money market placements calculated, for each such item, by averaging the amount of such item as of the 
balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 31 December 
of the previous year) and each intervening quarter-end date (i.e., 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December, 
as applicable), (b) for the purpose of the calculation of “spread,” the total of the daily averages of loans and 
receivables (performing), total securities portfolio, banks and money market placements since 31 December of the 
previous year, and (c) for the purpose of the calculations under the section entitled “Selected Statistical and Other 
Information – Average Balance Sheet and Interest Data,” unless stated otherwise, the sum of the monthly averages 
of loans and receivables (performing), total securities portfolio, banks, money market placements and balances with 
the Central Bank (interest-earning portion) calculated, for each such item, by averaging the amount of such item as 
of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 
31 December of the previous year) and each intervening month-end date. 
average non-interest-bearing liabilities: Unless stated otherwise, the sum of the monthly averages of 
demand deposits, provisions, tax liabilities and other liabilities calculated, for each such item, by averaging the 
amount of such item as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for 
any calendar year, 31 December of the previous year) and each intervening month-end date. 
average non-interest-earning assets: Unless stated otherwise, the sum of the monthly averages of cash and 
balances with the Central Bank (non-interest earning portion), derivative financial assets held for trading, equity 
participations, NPLs net of specific provisions, tangible assets and other assets calculated, for each such item, by 
averaging the amount of such item as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such 
period (e.g., for any calendar year, 31 December of the previous year) and each intervening month-end date. 
average shareholders’ equity: For a particular period, this is calculated by averaging the amount of 
shareholders’ equity (when calculated for the Group, excluding minority shares) as of the balance sheet date 
immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 31 December of the previous 
year) and each intervening quarter-end date (i.e., 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December, as applicable) 
or year-end date, as applicable. 
average total assets: For a particular period, this is calculated by averaging the amount of total assets as of 
the balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 
31 December of the previous year) and each intervening quarter-end date (i.e., 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 
31 December, as applicable) or year-end date, as applicable. 
investment securities portfolio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income as of such date plus (b) the financial assets measured at amortised cost as of such date. 
total operating income: For a particular period, this is the gross operating income for such period minus the 
personnel expenses for such period.

--- Page 15 ---
xiv 
total securities portfolio: As of a particular date, this is the sum of: (a) financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss, (b) financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and (c) other financial assets 
measured at amortised cost as of such date. 
Expected credit losses are calculated based upon a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses (the present value 
of all cash shortfalls) over the expected life of the financial asset. A cash shortfall is the difference between the cash flows 
that are due based upon the contract and the cash flows that are expected to be received. The calculation of expected credit 
losses per each stage is summarised below: 
Stage 1: 12-month expected credit loss represents the expected credit losses that result from default events on a 
financial asset that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date and are calculated as the portion of 
lifetime expected credit losses. This 12-month expected credit loss is calculated based upon a probability of default 
realised within 12 months after the reporting date. This expected 12-month probability of default is applied on an 
expected exposure at default, multiplied by the loss at a given default rate and discounted with the original effective 
interest rate.  
Stage 2: When a financial asset has shown a significant increase in credit risk since origination, an allowance for the 
lifetime expected credit losses is calculated for such financial asset. It is similar to the description for Stage 1, but 
the probability of default and the loss at a given default rate are estimated through the life of the financial asset. 
Estimated cash shortfalls are discounted by using the original effective interest rate. 
Stage 3: For financial assets considered to be impaired, the lifetime expected credit losses are calculated. This 
methodology is similar to Stage 2 and the probability of default is taken into account as 100%. 
Currency Presentation and Exchange Rates 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
(a) “Turkish Lira” and “TL” refer to the lawful currency for the time being of Türkiye, 
(b) “U.S. dollars,” “US$” and “$” refer to United States dollars, 
(c) “euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU, as amended, 
(d) “Renminbi” and “RMB” refer to the lawful currency of the PRC, which (for the purposes of this Base 
Prospectus) excludes Hong Kong, the Macao Special Administration Region of the PRC and Taiwan, and 
(e) “Sterling” and “£” refer to British Pounds Sterling. 
No representation is made that the Turkish Lira or U.S. dollar amounts in this Base Prospectus could have been or 
could be converted into U.S. dollars or Turkish Lira, as the case may be, at any particular rate or at all. For a discussion of the 
effects on the Group of fluctuating exchange rates, see “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Group and its Business - Market 
Risks - Foreign Exchange and Currency Risk” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations.” 
Certain Defined Terms, Conventions and Other Considerations in Relation to the Presentation of Information in this Base 
Prospectus 
Reference is made to the “Index of Defined Terms” for the location of the definitions of certain terms defined herein. 
In this Base Prospectus: (a) “Bank” or “Issuer” means Türkiye İş Bankası A.Ş. on a standalone basis and “Group” 
means the Bank and its subsidiaries (or, with respect to consolidated accounting information, the Bank and entities that are 
consolidated into the Bank), (b) the term “law” shall (unless the context otherwise requires) be deemed to include legislation, 
regulations and other legal requirements and (c) unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law (including a 
provision of a law) is a reference to that law (or provision) as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 16 ---
xv 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments and, 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables might vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables might not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them. 
All of the information contained in this Base Prospectus concerning the Turkish market and the Bank’s competitors 
has been obtained (and extracted without material adjustment) from publicly available information. All such data relating to 
the Turkish banking sector have been obtained from the website of the BRSA at www.bddk.org.tr, the website of the Banks 
Association of Türkiye (in Turkish: Türkiye Bankalar Birliği) (the “Banks Association of Türkiye”) at www.tbb.org.tr or the 
website of the Interbank Card Centre (in Turkish: Bankalararası Kart Merkezi) at www.bkm.com.tr, and all such data relating 
to the Turkish or European economy, including statistical data, have been obtained from the website of the Turkish Statistical 
Institute (in Turkish: Türkiye İstatistik Kurumu) (“TurkStat”) at www.tuik.gov.tr, the website of the Central Bank of Türkiye 
(in Turkish: Türkiye Cumhuriyet Merkez Bankası) (the “Central Bank”) at www.tcmb.gov.tr, the website of the Ministry of 
Treasury and Finance of Türkiye (the “Turkish Treasury;” where applicable, references to the Turkish Treasury shall be 
deemed to refer to the Undersecretariat of the Treasury, which was restructured to become part of the new Ministry of Treasury 
and Finance pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 1 dated 10 July 2018 published in the Official Gazette) at www.hmb.gov.tr 
or the website of the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) at www.ecb.europa.eu. Such data have been extracted from such 
websites without material adjustment but might not appear in the exact same form on such websites or elsewhere. Such 
websites do not, and shall not be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are incorporated into, this Base Prospectus and have not 
been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. Certain information under the heading “Book-entry Clearing 
Systems” has been extracted from information provided by the Clearing Systems referred to therein. 
Where other third-party information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information has been 
identified. The Issuer confirms that all such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and 
is able to ascertain from the relevant published information, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing statement, third-party information 
in this Base Prospectus, while believed to be reliable, has not been independently verified by the Issuer or any other Person. 
In the case of the presented statistical information, similar statistics might be obtainable from other sources, although 
the underlying assumptions and methodology, and consequently the resulting data, might vary from source to source. Where 
information has been sourced from a third party, such publications generally state that the information they contain has been 
obtained from sources believed to be reliable but that the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legal references and technical terms have been cited in their 
original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. In particular, but 
without limitation, the titles of Turkish laws and the names of Turkish institutions referenced herein (and in the documents 
(or portions thereof) incorporated by reference herein) have been translated from Turkish into English. The translations of 
these titles and names are direct and accurate. 
Information in this Base Prospectus regarding the Bank’s shareholders has been based upon public filings, disclosure 
and announcements by such shareholders.

--- Page 17 ---
xvi 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin, shall be incorporated into, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) the BRSA Annual Financial Statements, 
(b) for so long as Notes issued thereunder and listed by the Issuer remain outstanding, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes contained in the previous base prospectus dated 16 June 2016 (on pages 82 to 118 (inclusive) 
thereof) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2016 Conditions”), 
(c) for so long as Notes issued thereunder and listed by the Issuer remain outstanding, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes contained in the previous base prospectus dated 16 June 2017 (on pages 72 to 102 (inclusive) 
thereof) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2017 Conditions”), 
(d) for so long as Notes issued thereunder and listed by the Issuer remain outstanding, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes contained in the previous base prospectus dated 30 April 2019 (on pages 73 to 109 (inclusive) 
thereof) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2019 Conditions”), and 
(e) for so long as Notes issued thereunder and listed by the Issuer remain outstanding, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes contained in the previous base prospectus dated 6 May 2020 (on pages 159 to 199 (inclusive) 
thereof) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2020 Conditions”). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement to this Base Prospectus might be prepared by the 
Issuer and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in 
any such supplement (or contained in any document (or portions thereof) incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus or in a document (or portions thereof) that is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy that may affect the assessment of the Notes does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, all of which are in English, 
were prepared as convenience translations of the corresponding Turkish language BRSA Financial Statements (which 
translations the Bank confirms are direct and accurate). The English language BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by 
reference herein were not prepared for the purpose of their incorporation by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated (or portions of which have been incorporated) by reference into this Base 
Prospectus can be obtained without charge from the registered office of the Bank and on the Bank’s website at: 
(a) with respect to the Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2021, 
https://www.isbank.com.tr/contentmanagement/IsbankFinancialDocuments/TAS%20Bank-
only/pdf/IsbankUnconsolidatedFinancials31122021.pdf, 
(b) with respect to the Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2022, 
https://www.isbank.com.tr/contentmanagement/IsbankFinancialDocuments/TAS%20Bank-
only/pdf/IsbankUnconsolidatedFinancial31122022.pdf, 
(c) with respect to the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 
2021, 
https://www.isbank.com.tr/contentmanagement/IsbankFinancialDocuments/TAS 
Consolidated/pdf/IsbankConsolidatedFinancials31122021.pdf, 
(d) with respect to the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 
2022, 
https://www.isbank.com.tr/contentmanagement/IsbankFinancialDocuments/TAS%20Consolidated/pdf/isbnk31122
022cons.pdf,

--- Page 18 ---
xvii 
(e) with respect to the 2016 Conditions, https://www.isbank.com.tr/en/about-us/usd-7000000000-global-
medium-term-note-program-2016, 
(f) with respect to the 2017 Conditions, https://www.isbank.com.tr/en/about-us/usd-7000000000-global-
medium-term-note-program-2017, 
(g) with respect to the 2019 Conditions, https://www.isbank.com.tr/en/about-us/usd-7000000000-global-
medium-term-note-program-2019, and 
(h) with respect to the 2020 Conditions, https://www.isbank.com.tr/en/about-us/usd-7000000000-global-
medium-term-note-program-2020. 
Any statement contained in a document (or a portion thereof) that is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein or in any other 
document (or, as applicable, relevant portion thereof) incorporated by reference herein, or in any supplement hereto, modifies 
or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Where there is any 
inconsistency between the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the information contained in (or incorporated 
by reference into) the information incorporated by reference herein, the information set out in this Base Prospectus shall 
prevail. 
The information set out in any part of the documents listed above that is not incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus is either not relevant to prospective investors in the Notes or is set out elsewhere in (including being incorporated 
by reference into) this Base Prospectus, in each case, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Except for the documents (or portions thereof) incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus to the extent set 
out on any website referenced in this Base Prospectus, the contents of any website referenced herein do not, and shall not be 
deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. Neither the contents of any website referenced 
in, nor any documents incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus have been scrutinised or approved by the Central 
Bank of Ireland. 
Replacement of 2020 financial information upon inclusion of 2023 BRSA Financial Statements 
Upon (by way of one or more supplement(s) hereto) the last to occur of: (a) the incorporation into this Base 
Prospectus of the Group’s and the Bank’s respective BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2023 and (b) replacements of the sections herein titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations” and “Selected Statistical and Other Information,” the BRSA Financial Statements for the Group or the 
Bank as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 that are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus shall be 
automatically deleted from, and shall no longer be considered to be incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus; it 
being understood that the financial information as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 that is included within the 
BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 shall remain so incorporated. Furthermore, at 
such time (the “Annual Update Time”), the financial information with respect to the Group (and of any member thereof) and 
the Bank (including all related amounts, percentages and discussion) relating to 2020 (including comparisons thereof to 2021 
or any other date or period) in this Base Prospectus shall be automatically deleted in its entirety from, and shall thereafter not 
form part of, this Base Prospectus (including, without limitation, in the sections titled “Summary Financial and Other 
Information,” “The Group and its Business,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations” and “Selected Statistical and Other Information”). 
For the purpose of clarification, potential investors in any Notes issued after the Annual Update Time shall not, and 
are not entitled to, rely upon any such financial information with respect to the Group (and any member thereof) or the Bank 
relating to 2020 (including comparisons thereof to 2021 or any other date or period) included within this Base Prospectus as 
in effect prior to the Annual Update Time.

--- Page 19 ---
xviii 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
General Description of the Programme .............................................................................................................................. 1 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................................... 10 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................................ 52 
Summary Financial and Other Information ...................................................................................................................... 54 
Capitalisation of the Group ............................................................................................................................................... 57 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ........................................... 58 
Selected Statistical and Other Information ....................................................................................................................... 84 
The Group and its Business .............................................................................................................................................. 99 
Risk Management ........................................................................................................................................................... 130 
Management ................................................................................................................................................................... 143 
Ownership....................................................................................................................................................................... 155 
Related Party Transactions ............................................................................................................................................. 158 
The Turkish Banking Sector ........................................................................................................................................... 159 
Turkish Regulatory Environment ................................................................................................................................... 161 
Form of the Notes ........................................................................................................................................................... 194 
Form of Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 198 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ................................................................................................................................ 220 
Book-Entry Clearing Systems ........................................................................................................................................ 272 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................................... 276 
Certain Considerations for ERISA and other U.S. Employee Benefit Plans .................................................................. 284 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................................... 285 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions .................................................................................................................................... 287 
Legal Matters .................................................................................................................................................................. 301 
Enforcement of Judgments and Service of Process ........................................................................................................ 302 
Other General Information ............................................................................................................................................. 304 
Index of Defined Terms .................................................................................................................................................. 307 
 
Appendix A 
Overview of Differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles ................................................................................ 311

--- Page 20 ---
1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme might not contain all of the information that might be important 
to prospective investors in the Notes. This entire Base Prospectus, including the more detailed information regarding the Bank’s 
business and the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, should be read carefully. 
Investing in the Notes involves risks. The information set forth under “Risk Factors” should be carefully considered. Certain 
statements in this Base Prospectus are forward-looking statements that also involve uncertainties as described in “Cautionary 
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” 
The Group 
The following overview should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the detailed information 
appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including in the BRSA Financial Statements (including the notes thereto) 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Bank was established under the laws of Türkiye in 1924 at the initiative of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk as the first 
national bank of Türkiye and began operating with two branches and 37 staff members. Unlike many of its competitors, the 
Bank is neither a family-run enterprise nor a state bank. In May 1998, 12.3% of the Bank’s total shares previously held by the 
Turkish Treasury were sold to national and international investors in a public offering. 
Since its establishment, the Bank has played an important role not only in the Turkish financial sector but also in 
certain industrial sectors in Türkiye. The Bank has pioneered the development of a number of new areas of business through 
investments and equity participations in the industrial and financial services sectors. Since its establishment, the Bank has 
invested in the equity of almost 300 companies and, over time, has divested shares in most of these companies. As of 
31 December 2022, the Bank’s direct equity interests were in companies operating in finance, glass and other industrial and 
services sectors. As of such date, the total book value of the Bank’s equity participations (excluding the shares of Türkiye Şişe 
ve Cam Fabrikaları A.Ş. (“Şişecam”), Türkiye Sınai ve Kalkınma Bankası A.Ş. (“TSKB”), Anadolu Hayat Emeklilik A.Ş. 
(“Anadolu Hayat Emeklilik”), İş Finansal Kiralama A.Ş. (“İş Leasing”), İş Gayrimenkul Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş. (“İş REIT”) and 
İş Yatırım Menkul Değerler A.Ş.) booked under financial assets held for trading account was TL 80,956 million. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank: (a) was the largest private bank in Türkiye in terms of shareholders’ equity, total 
assets, total deposits, demand deposits, total loans and number of branches and (b) had the largest market shares of foreign 
currency-denominated loans, non-retail loans and foreign currency-denominated deposits (source: BRSA data excluding 
participation banks, each as measured on a bank-only basis). The Bank had approximately 20.7 million retail customers, nearly 
8,000 corporate customers and over 1.5 million commercial customers as of 31 December 2022. The Bank had the largest 
deposit base among private sector banks with TL 931,077 million in deposits as of 31 December 2022 (source: BRSA). The 
Bank’s broad network of branches and alternative distribution channels provide the Bank with presence, access and crucial 
local knowledge of retail and corporate/commercial customers in every city in Türkiye. Unlike most of its competitors, in 
addition to the branches in large cities, the Bank also has branches in rural districts. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had the 
largest nationwide branch network among private sector banks in Türkiye according to the Banks Association of Türkiye. The 
Group’s relationships with its customers have also typically been long-standing; for example, as of 31 December 2022, the 
Bank’s customers have held deposit accounts with the Bank for an average of 7.7 years. 
The Bank provides a full range of banking services, including but not limited to the following five business lines: 
● 
corporate banking activities: commercial loans, non-cash loans (including letters of guarantee, guarantees and 
acceptances), foreign trade operations, project finance, merger and acquisition finance, hedging and cash management 
solutions, 
● 
commercial banking activities: commercial deposit taking, business credit and debit cards, commercial loans, small 
business loans, flexible business loans, overdraft commercial accounts, point of sales-based loans, commercial housing 
loans, commercial auto loans, tractor and agricultural equipment loans, small business export and investment loans, 
Eximbank loans for women exporters and young exporters, solar power plant loans (roof or land type), energy 
efficiency loans, letters of credit, letters of guarantee, bank payment obligations, point-of-sales agreements, automatic 
payment instructions, tax collection, internet banking, foreign trade operations, sector-specific packages, mobile 
banking, entrepreneurial banking and women entrepreneurial banking activities, cash management, payment system 
facilities and support packages for exporters,

--- Page 21 ---
2 
● 
retail banking activities: deposit accounts, credit cards, debit cards, prepaid cards, housing loans, general purpose 
loans, auto loans, overdraft accounts, merchant agreements, payroll accounts, automatic payment instructions, social 
security premium collection, tax collection, tuition fee collection, investment products, insurance products, private 
pension accounts, mobile banking applications and HGS (Türkiye’s highway toll collection system), 
● 
private banking activities: in addition to retail banking products and services, Privia-branded products (including Privia 
Black credit cards, Privia individual pension accounts, Privia consumer loans and a Privia mutual fund), structured 
products and portfolio management services in collaboration with İş Portföy Yönetimi A.Ş. (“İş Portföy”), the Group’s 
subsidiary engaged in portfolio management activities, and 
● 
capital market operations activities: investment account system, mutual funds distribution, equity brokerage, fixed 
income brokerage and trading, gold trading, exchange-traded and OTC derivatives brokerage, repo, custody and fund 
services. 
The Bank has long been an innovator in the banking sector, including being the first bank in Türkiye to introduce 
ATMs (in 1982), electronic banking (in 1983), interactive telephone banking (in 1991), interactive banking (in 1996) and 
internet banking (in 1997). The Bank’s ATM name “Bankamatik” has become the generic name for all ATMs in Türkiye. The 
Bank continued to innovate the development of digital banking channels in the Turkish banking industry in 2007 with the 
launch of “İşCep”, which was the first application-based mobile banking service in Türkiye. As of 31 December 2022, 96.16% 
of the Bank’s total banking transactions took place via non-branch channels and the remaining transactions were executed at 
the Bank’s branches. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s capital adequacy ratio was 21.8% (18.3% when calculated using tier 1 capital 
only) calculated in accordance with the Basel III rules and the forbearance measures described elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. As of the same date, the Group’s shareholders’ equity was TL 210,053 million and its cash loan-to-deposit ratio 
was 89.4%. The Group’s net operating income was TL 74,305 million in 2022 (TL 9,211 million in 2020 and TL 14,074 million 
in 2021), while its net profit was TL 69,058 million in 2022 (TL 7,752 in 2020 and TL 15,560 million in 2021). 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group had total assets of TL 1,715,432 million, total deposits of TL 952,636 million and 
a cash loan portfolio (excluding lease receivables, factoring receivables and NPLs) of TL 851,841 million. 
The Bank’s registered office is located at İş Kuleleri, 34330 Levent, İstanbul, Türkiye, telephone number +90-212-
316-0000. The Bank’s registration number is 431112. 
Key Strengths 
The Bank’s management believes that the Group has a number of key strengths that enable the Group to compete 
effectively in the Turkish banking sector. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management sees these key 
strengths as being:  
● 
the Bank is a market leader in the Turkish banking sector in both size and scope of operations, which enables it to 
benefit significantly from economies of scale, 
● 
the Bank’s strong liquidity and capital structure supports its ability to seek profitable growth and attract a strong deposit 
base (including benefitting from a “flight to quality” during difficult market conditions), 
● 
the Bank is a recognised and trusted banking brand in Türkiye, which facilitates the Group’s ability to be a Turkish 
market leader and trusted banking partner for customers, 
● 
the Bank’s large customer base compared to its private sector banking competitors and its long-standing relationships 
with its customers provide the Bank with an important competitive advantage as the cost of acquiring new customers 
is relatively high when compared to retaining existing customers and focusing on cross-selling, 
● 
the Bank’s diversified loan portfolio helps the Bank avoid overexposure to any industry, product, region or customer, 
● 
the Bank’s prudent risk management enables the Group to maintain the high quality of its loan portfolio, particularly 
as the Group seeks to continue to grow its business,

--- Page 22 ---
3 
● 
the Bank’s strong focus on employee training and development and its highly-skilled workforce support the Bank’s 
focus on customer service and provides the Group with a competitive advantage over its competitors, 
● 
the Bank maintains high standards of corporate governance and business ethics, which both improve management’s 
efficiency and protects the interests of the Group’s stakeholders, and 
● 
the Bank’s strong record of innovation supports its customer loyalty and the Bank’s relative strengths in the 
competitive Turkish banking sector. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should refer to “The Group and its Business - Key Strengths” for more detail on the 
key strengths outlined above. 
Strategy 
The Bank’s strategic vision is to become the bank of the future, creating sustainable value with an inclusive and 
participatory approach. The Bank’s strategic goals to maintain that vision are maintaining its commitment to Türkiye and 
maintaining a strong and sustainable financial performance, effective risk management, flawless customer experience, value-
creating technology and innovative leadership, satisfied and productive human resources and ethical and responsible banking 
that is sensitive to people, society and the environment. 
The Bank’s strategy is to manage its balance sheet to ensure sustainable and value-added growth while using its internal 
and external resources in accordance with the priorities of Türkiye’s economy and to prepare the Bank for the future by 
continuously improving its business models in synergy with other Group companies and all its business partners during this 
period of technological transformation. The Bank plans to achieve these objectives by maintaining its market share in the 
primary banking services and leveraging new growth opportunities, continuously improving its asset quality and cost efficiency, 
focusing on sustainable non-interest income generation and optimising its pricing strategy for all financial products and services, 
while operating within a risk-based capital management framework. The key elements of the Group’s strategy are set out below: 
● 
capitalise on expected growth of Türkiye’s economy and banking sector by optimising its distribution channels and 
diversifying its products and services, 
● 
defend and selectively grow market share across key markets through superior customer service, 
● 
reduce its cost-base and increase efficiency, and 
● 
continue to focus on recruiting and retaining talent. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should refer to “The Group and its Business - Strategy” for further details on the 
key strategies outlined above. 
Risks described in Risk Factors 
Investing in the Notes entails risks. Before investing in the Notes, potential investors should carefully review “Risk 
Factors” below, which sets out certain risks relating to political, economic and legal circumstances, the Turkish banking 
industry, the Group and its business, the Group’s relationship with the Bank’s principal shareholders and the Notes themselves, 
which risks are organised in appropriate categories and sub-categories as required by the Prospectus Regulation. Potential 
investors in the Notes should not consider the factors discussed under “Risk Factors” to be a complete set of all potential risks 
or uncertainties of investing in the Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
4 
The Programme 
The following overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 and does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified 
in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms. This general description only relates to the Conditions of the Notes as set out in this Base 
Prospectus. Notes may be issued under the Programme in a form other than that contemplated in such Conditions, and where 
any such Notes are to be: (a) admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or another regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II or (b) offered to the public in the EEA in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a new prospectus will be prepared and published by the Issuer. 
Issuer: ......................................................  
Türkiye İş Bankası A.Ş.
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): ......  
789000FIRX9MDN0KTM91
Description: .............................................  
Global Medium Term Note Programme
Arrangers: ................................................  
J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Standard Chartered Bank and/or any other 
arranger(s) appointed from time to time in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement (each of them an “Arranger”).
Dealers:....................................................  
Arab Banking Corporation (B.S.C.)
BNP Paribas
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC
Goldman Sachs International
HSBC Bank plc
ICBC Standard Bank Plc.
ING Bank N.V., London Branch
J.P. Morgan Securities plc
Merrill Lynch International
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc
MUFG Securities EMEA plc
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited
Société Générale
Standard Chartered Bank
UniCredit Bank AG
 
and any other Dealer(s) appointed from time to time in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.
Risk Factors:............................................  
There are certain factors that might affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. In addition, there are certain risk factors that are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes. 
For a discussion of certain risk factors relating to Türkiye, the Bank and the 
Notes that prospective investors should carefully consider prior to making an 
investment in the Notes, including certain risks relating to the structure of 
particular Series of Notes and certain market risks, see “Risk Factors.” 
Certain Restrictions: ................................  
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will 
only be issued in circumstances that comply therewith from time to time (see 
“Transfer and Selling Restrictions”).
Fiscal Agent:............................................  
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch

--- Page 24 ---
5 
Programme Size: .....................................  
Up to US$7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding as of the time of each 
issuance of Notes. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: ............................................  
Notes may be distributed by way of private or (other than in the United States) 
public placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
Currencies: ..............................................  
Each Series of Notes may be denominated, and payments in respect of each 
Series of Notes may be made, in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, RMB, Japanese 
Yen, Turkish Lira, Czech Koruna, Romanian Leu, Singaporean dollars or, 
subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any other currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) and set out 
in the applicable Final Terms.
 
Payments of principal and interest on a Note denominated in Turkish Lira will 
(subject to the following paragraph) be made by the Bank in Turkish Lira; 
however, if “USD Payment Election” is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable and such Note is not represented by a Global Note held by 
Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) (or a nominee thereof), then the holder of 
such Note (or a beneficial interest therein) may make an irrevocable election to 
receive an individual forthcoming payment in U.S. dollars. See Condition 7.8.
 
Payments of principal and interest on a Note denominated in a specified 
currency (the “Specified Currency”) other than U.S. dollars for which DTC is 
the clearing system will be made by the Bank in such Specified Currency to the 
Exchange Agent but will be paid (after conversion by the Exchange Agent) to 
the investor(s) in such Note in U.S. dollars; however, if an investor wishes to 
receive such payment in such Specified Currency, then it may make an 
affirmative election to receive payment on such Note in such Specified 
Currency. See Condition 7.9.
 
Payment in respect of Notes denominated in Renminbi may be made in U.S. 
dollars if “RMB Currency Event” is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and a RMB Currency Event occurs. See Condition 7.11.
Maturities: ...............................................  
Each Series of Notes will have such maturity as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s), subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws applicable to the Issuer 
or the relevant Specified Currency.
Issue Price: ..............................................  
Notes may be issued at an issue price that is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par (for each Tranche of Notes, its “Issue Price”).
Form of Notes:.........................................  
Each Series of Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Bearer Notes and vice versa. See “Form of the Notes.”
 
Each Series of Notes may be fixed rate notes (“Fixed Rate Notes”), floating 
rate notes (“Floating Rate Notes”) or zero coupon notes (“Zero Coupon 
Notes”).

--- Page 25 ---
6 
Fixed Rate Notes: ....................................  
For each Series of Fixed Rate Notes, interest will be payable on such Interest 
Payment Date(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) or investor(s) and on redemption and will be calculated on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and such 
Dealer(s) or investor(s).
Floating Rate Notes: ...............................  
Each Series of Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions (as amended and 
updated as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the 
relevant Series),
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms) appearing on the agreed screen page of a commercial 
quotation service, or
 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s).
 
The margin (if any) relating to a Tranche of Floating Rate Notes will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). Floating Rate 
Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both.
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s), will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction (as such term is used in Condition 6.6), as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms.
Zero Coupon Notes: ................................  
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest.
Benchmark Discontinuation - Reference 
Rate Replacement: ...................................  
 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event for a Series of Floating Rate Notes 
other than any Series of Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is 
SOFR and for which Condition 6.7(II) is indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may (subject to certain conditions and 
following consultation with an Independent Advisor) determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(I). 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event for a Series of Floating Rate Notes 
for which the Reference Rate is SOFR and for which Condition 6.7(II) is 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Benchmark 
Replacement shall replace the then-current Benchmark and, in either case, the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(II).
Redemption: .............................................  
The applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Notes will indicate either that such 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation 
reasons or as a result of an acceleration due to an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes also will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the applicable 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the applicable Noteholders or the Issuer, as 
the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and

--- Page 26 ---
7 
at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) and set out in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Denomination of Notes: ..........................  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) and set out in the applicable 
Final Terms, except that the minimum denomination of each Note to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or 
that are to be offered to the public in a Member State in circumstances that 
would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation will be: (a) such minimum amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any applicable laws and (b) equal to, or greater than, €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency as of the applicable Issue Date).
 
Notwithstanding the above, and unless set forth in the applicable Final Terms 
otherwise, IAI Definitive Notes and beneficial interests in IAI Global Notes 
will be issued only in minimum denominations of US$500,000 and integral 
multiples of US$1,000 in excess thereof (or its approximate equivalent in the 
applicable Specified Currency at the applicable Issue Date).
Taxation; Payment of Additional 
Amounts: ..................................................  
 
All payments of principal and interest on the Notes (including with respect to 
the Coupons, if any) by (or on behalf of) the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, levies, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
(“Taxes”) imposed, assessed or levied by (or on behalf of) any Relevant 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will (subject to certain exceptions) pay such additional 
amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts that would have 
been receivable on the Notes (including with respect to the Coupons, if any) in 
the absence of the withholding or deduction. See “Taxation – Certain Turkish 
Tax Considerations” and Condition 9.1.
 
All payments on the Notes (including with respect to the Coupons, if any) will 
be made subject to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA, 
as provided in Condition 7.1; it being understood that, in accordance with 
Condition 9.1, in no event will the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other Person 
be required to pay any Additional Amounts or other amounts in respect of the 
Notes (including on Coupons) for, or on account of, any FATCA Withholding 
Tax.
Negative Pledge: ......................................  
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further 
described in Condition 4.
Certain Covenants: ..................................  
The Conditions (except, for any Series, as altered in the Final Terms for such 
Series) provide that the Bank agrees to certain covenants, including covenants 
limiting transactions with affiliates. See Condition 5.
Events of Default: ....................................  
The Conditions provide that the Notes will be subject to certain Events of 
Default, including (among others) non-payment, breach of obligations, cross-
acceleration and certain bankruptcy and insolvency events. See Condition 11.
Status of the Notes: ..................................  
The Notes and Coupons will (except, with respect to any Series, to the extent 
provided otherwise in a supplement to the Agency Agreement, for which a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus might be prepared or a further prospectus

--- Page 27 ---
8 
issued) be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions 
of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) will rank pari passu without any preference or 
priority among themselves and with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, but, in the event 
of insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or similar event relating to the Issuer, 
only to the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors’ rights.
Rating: .....................................................  
The Programme has been rated “B-” (for long-term issuances) and “B” (for 
short-term issuances) by Fitch and “B3” (for long-term issuances) by Moody’s. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus: (a) the “Ratings Definitions” of Fitch 
describe this rating as indicating that: (i) material default risk is present but a 
limited margin of safety remains and (ii) financial commitments of the Issuer 
are currently being met; however, capacity for continued payment is vulnerable 
to deterioration in the business and economic environment (and the assignment 
of the modifier “-” denotes the relative status of the Notes within the “B” rating 
category), and (b) Moody’s “Rating Symbols and Definitions” defines this 
rating as reflecting an obligation that is speculative and subject to high credit 
risk (and the assignment of the numerical modifier “3” indicates that Moody’s 
considers the Notes to fall within the lower end of this credit rating category). 
Series of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the 
initial such rating(s) will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating (if any) assigned to the Programme by 
the relevant rating agency. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency.
ERISA: .....................................................  
Subject to certain conditions, the Notes may be invested in by an “employee 
benefit plan” as defined in and subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), of the United States, a 
“plan” as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or any entity 
whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing. See 
“Certain Considerations for ERISA and other U.S. Employee Benefit Plans.”
Listing and Admission to Trading: .........  
An application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued during the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market.
 
Notes of a Series may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). Notes that are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. The Final Terms for a 
Tranche will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) and/or market(s).
Governing Law: .......................................  
The Notes, the Agency Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant and the Deed Poll, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection therewith, are or will be (as applicable) governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law.
Selling Restrictions: ................................  
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) in (inter alia) Türkiye, the United States, the EEA (including 
Belgium), the UK, the PRC, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan, Canada, 
Switzerland and Thailand, and there will be such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes. See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.”

--- Page 28 ---
9 
United States Selling Restrictions: ..........  
Regulation S (Category 2), Rule 144A and Section 4(a)(2). Bearer Notes with 
a term of greater than one year will be issued in compliance with rules identical 
to those provided in: (a) U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(“TEFRA C”) 
or 
(b) 
U.S. 
Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) 
(“TEFRA D”) such that the Bearer Notes will not constitute “registration-
required obligations” under Section 4701(b) of the Code, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Such rules impose certain additional restrictions on 
transfers of Bearer Notes (or, for Bearer Global Notes, beneficial interests 
therein).

--- Page 29 ---
10 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves risk. Prospective investors in the Notes should carefully consider the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and the documents (or portions thereof) that are incorporated by reference herein, and in 
particular should consider all of the risks inherent in making such an investment before making a decision to invest in the Notes. 
Investors in the Notes assume the risk that the Issuer might become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due 
in respect of the Notes. 
There is a wide range of factors that individually or together might result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all 
payments due in respect of the Notes. It is not possible to identify all such factors or (other than the most material within each 
category of risks) to rank their materiality as the Issuer might not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors that it 
currently deems not to be material might become material as a result of the occurrence of future events of which the Issuer does 
not have knowledge as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors 
that might materially adversely affect its ability to make payments due under the Notes; however, the Issuer does not represent 
that the risks set out herein are exhaustive or that other risks might not arise in the future. In addition, factors identified by the 
Issuer that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes are also described below. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should consult with appropriate professional advisors to make their own legal, tax, 
business and financial evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in the Notes. 
As a large national Turkish bank, the Issuer’s business is significantly impacted by the condition of the Turkish 
economy, which itself is significantly influenced by Turkish political circumstances and global economic conditions 
(particularly in those countries with whom Türkiye has a material trading relationship). The category of risk factors entitled 
“Risks Relating to Türkiye” below describes the material risks relating to Türkiye that the Issuer’s management has identified 
as potentially having a material impact on the Issuer, including those impacting materially on its business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations and thus on its ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes. In addition to the 
macroeconomic conditions relating to Türkiye, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations, and thus its 
ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, are also subject to significant risks specific to the Group, including the 
ones discussed in the category of risk factors entitled “Risks Relating to the Group and its Business” below. Prospective 
investors in the Notes should also consider risks relating to the structure of, and market for, the Notes, the material ones of 
which that have been identified by the Issuer’s management are described in the category of risk factors entitled “Risks Relating 
to the Notes” below. 
The exposure of the Group’s business to a market downturn in Türkiye or the other markets in which it operates, or 
any other risks, might exacerbate or trigger other risks that the Group faces. For example, if the Group incurs substantial losses 
due to an economic downturn in Türkiye, then its need for liquidity and/or capital might rise sharply while its access to such 
liquidity and/or capital might be impaired. In addition, in conjunction with an economic downturn, the Group’s customers might 
experience substantial financial difficulties of their own, thereby weakening their financial condition and increasing the credit 
risk of the Group’s exposure to such customers. As such, the below risks should be understood in the context that more than 
one might apply concurrently and compound any adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
Risks Relating to Türkiye 
The most material risk to the Issuer’s ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes is that its business, including 
its loan portfolio, deposit base and government securities holdings, is concentrated in Türkiye. For example, as of 31 December 
2022: (a) the Bank’s loans (net) constituted 53.9% of its total assets, substantially all of which loans were made to borrowers 
located in Türkiye, (b) the Bank’s deposits from customers (excluding interbank deposits) constituted 65.4% of its total 
liabilities, almost all of which deposits were located in Türkiye, and (c) 18.8% of the Bank’s total assets were invested in 
securities issued by the Turkish Treasury. In addition, the Group’s non-Turkish business and assets (including the business and 
assets of the Group’s non-Turkish subsidiaries) are largely related to Türkiye, such as being related to Turkish customers, 
exports and imports. 
The Group’s business is significantly dependent upon its customers’ desire to deposit funds with the Group and borrow 
money from the Group and their ability to meet their obligations to the Group, all of which is materially impacted by the strength 
of the Turkish economy. A slowdown or downturn in the Turkish economy because of, among other factors, inflation, an 
increase in domestic interest rates, a decrease in domestic or external demand, an increase in unemployment, changes in 
monetary or fiscal policy or changes in exchange rates for the Turkish Lira might reduce the demand for the Group’s services

--- Page 30 ---
11 
and products, negatively impact the ability of the Group’s customers to meet their obligations to the Group and/or decrease the 
amount of deposits held at the Group. 
Accordingly, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations are significantly subject to the political 
and economic conditions prevailing in Türkiye, investors’ confidence in Türkiye, the Turkish regulatory environment and other 
conditions relating to Türkiye. These principal sub-categories of the risks relating to Türkiye are set out in “-Political 
Conditions,” “-Economic Conditions” and “-Turkish Regulatory and Other Matters” below. 
Political Conditions 
The political circumstances in Türkiye have had (and will continue to have) a material influence on the Turkish 
economy, which in turn have resulted (and will continue to result) in material impacts on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. These conditions include (inter alia) domestic political events, Türkiye’s relationship 
with other nations, internal and regional conflicts and the regulatory framework in Türkiye. The political conditions that the 
Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on the Issuer, including on its ability to make payments due in 
respect of the Notes, are set out in this section. 
Political Developments – Political developments in Türkiye might negatively affect the Group’s business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations 
Negative changes in Türkiye’s domestic and/or international political circumstances, including the inability of the 
Turkish government to devise or implement appropriate economic programmes and the level of investor confidence in Türkiye’s 
economic programmes and governance, might adversely affect the stability of the Turkish economy and, in turn, the Group’s 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
The Turkish political environment has at times been volatile, specifically following an attempted coup on 15 July 2016 
by a group within the Turkish army. Following the coup attempt, including during a two year state of emergency implemented 
by the government, the government has: (a) initiated legal proceedings against numerous institutions (including schools, 
universities, hospitals, associations and foundations), some of which were closed down, (b) arrested, discharged or otherwise 
limited thousands of members of the military, the judiciary and the civil service, (c) restricted media outlets and (d) otherwise 
taken actions in response to the coup attempt, including expansion of these actions to members of the business community and 
the journalism sector. 
In elections held on 24 June 2018, President Erdoğan received approximately 53% of the votes, being re-elected as the 
President, and the Justice and Development Party (Adalet ve Kalkınma Partisi (the “AKP”)), the President’s party, and the 
Nationalist Movement Party (Milliyetçi Hareket Partisi) (MHP), which formed the “People’s Alliance” bloc with the AKP, 
together received sufficient votes to hold a majority of the seats in Parliament. As of 9 July 2018, the parliamentary system was 
transformed into a presidential one and President Erdoğan thus now holds the additional powers granted to the President 
pursuant to a referendum held on 16 April 2017. 
On 9 July 2018, President Erdoğan announced the new ministers of his cabinet, which included the appointment of the 
former minister of Energy and Natural Resources and his son-in-law, Berat Albayrak, as the Minister of Treasury and Finance. 
On 6 July 2019, the governor of the Central Bank was removed from his post by a Presidential Decree and, on the same day, 
President Erdoğan appointed Mr. Murat Uysal, one of the Central Bank’s then-deputy governors, as the new governor of the 
Central Bank. This was followed on 9 August 2019 by the board of the Central Bank, as part of its reorganisation, removing 
from office its chief economist and some other high-ranking officials. On 8 November 2020, Mr. Albayrak resigned from his 
position as Minister of Treasury and Finance and was promptly replaced by Mr. Lutfi Elvan, a former Minister of Development 
and Minister of Transport, Maritime and Communication. Following the depreciation of the Turkish Lira to its weakest value 
to that date (exceeding TL 8.5 per U.S. dollar), the governor of the Central Bank was replaced by a Presidential Decree on 
7 November 2020 and then (on 20 March 2021) was replaced again after a series of rate increases. The dismissal of Mr. Naci 
Ağbal, the then-governor of the Central Bank on 20 March 2021, led to a negative market reaction, with investors’ sales of 
certain Turkish assets leading to the value of the Borsa İstanbul 100 stock index declining by 9.6% in a week and the Turkish 
Lira depreciating by 9.9% against the U.S. dollar (from TL 7.27 per U.S. dollar before the dismissal of the governor to TL 7.99 
per U.S. dollar) during the same period. The Central Bank policy rate increased throughout 2020 and into 2021 (topping at 
19.00% from March to September 2021) as a result of ongoing higher inflation and increasing inflation expectations; however, 
contrary to the expectations of some market participants, the rate was reduced by 100 basis points (to 18.00%) in September 
2021, at which time the Central Bank also removed its commitment to keep its policy rate above inflation, creating increased 
uncertainty in the monetary policy framework in Türkiye.

--- Page 31 ---
12 
On 13 October 2021, three members of the Central Bank’s monetary policy committee were replaced, and the Central 
Bank further reduced its policy rate by a larger-than-expected 200 basis points (to 16.00%) on 21 October 2021. On 
18 November 2021, the rate was reduced by a further 100 basis points to 15.00%. On 2 December 2021, during a period of 
depreciation of the Turkish Lira, Mr. Elvan resigned as Minister of Treasury and Finance and was replaced by Mr. Nureddin 
Nebati. On 16 December 2021, the Central Bank reduced its policy rate by another 100 basis points to 14.00%, following which 
the Turkish Lira reached a then all-time low of TL 17.47/US$1 on 20 December 2021 given the Central Bank’s accommodative 
stance despite high inflationary conditions. Subsequently, the Turkish government, among other things, introduced a foreign 
exchange-protected Turkish Lira deposit scheme in an effort to reduce the volatility in exchange rates and lower the inflation 
rate, as a result of which the Turkish Lira appreciated by 31.1% against the US dollar (to TL 13.33/US$1) from 20 December 
to 31 December 2021. In 2022, the Central Bank initially held the rate notwithstanding rapidly increasing inflation and then, 
contrary to the expectations of many market participants, reduced the rate to 13.00% on 18 August 2022 and again to 12.00% 
on 22 September 2022, both of which reductions resulted in the Turkish Lira declining to a new all-time low, and then further 
reduced the rate to 10.50% on 20 October 2022, 9.00% on 24 November 2022 and 8.50% on 23 February 2023. Any failure of 
the Central Bank and/or the Turkish Treasury to implement effective policies might adversely affect the Turkish economy and 
thus have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Municipal elections were held on 31 March 2019, as a result of which the AKP lost control of several major cities, 
including İstanbul, Ankara and Antalya; however, the AKP claimed election fraud in, and requested to repeat the elections in, 
İstanbul. On 6 May 2019, the Supreme Election Board ordered a revote for İstanbul mayor in an election to be held on 23 June 
2019. In the revote, Mr. Ekrem İmamoğlu, the CHP’s candidate who had been declared the winner of the 31 March 2019 
elections and had been installed as mayor until the revote decision of the Supreme Election Board, increased his majority to 
54.21% and he was reinstalled as mayor on 27 June 2019. In December 2022, a court convicted Mr. İmamoğlu of violating a 
law prohibiting insulting public officials, for which he was sentenced to over two years in prison, which sentence is currently 
being appealed. The next Turkish general and presidential elections are scheduled for 14 May 2023, the run-up to which might 
result in an increase in political uncertainty. 
In addition to domestic events, there has from time to time been political tension between Türkiye and the EU, certain 
members of the EU and the United States. With respect to the EU, see “-Relationship with the European Union” below. With 
respect to the United States, various events during recent years have impacted the relationship, including: (a) the conflicts 
against the self-proclaimed jihadist Islamic State (“ISIS”) and in Syria, (b) relationships with Iran (including the purchase of oil 
from Iran), (c) the October 2019 U.S. federal indictment of state-controlled bank Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş. (“Halkbank”) 
asserting violations of U.S. sanctions on Iran, (d) the arrest and detention of Pastor Andrew Brunson in 2018, (e) Türkiye’s 
December 2017 entry into a contract with Russia for the purchase of S-400 missile defence systems as described further below 
and (f) Türkiye’s position with Russia in light of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine (particularly in light of U.S., UK and 
EU sanctions against Russia). Such events have resulted in a number of actions by the U.S. from time to time, including the 
temporary imposition of sanctions in 2018 and the temporary suspension of visa services to Turkish nationals. Any such events 
or future events might materially alter the relationship between Türkiye and the United States, particularly in the context of the 
Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 (see “-Terrorism and Conflicts”). 
In December 2017, Türkiye entered into a contract with Russia for the purchase of S-400 missile defence systems, the 
first shipments of which were received on 12 July 2019. As a result, Türkiye was excluded from NATO’s F-35 stealth fighter 
jet programme on 17 July 2019. On 11 December 2020, the U.S. Congress passed (on a bipartisan basis) an annual defense 
spending bill that included a requirement that (within 30 days from enactment) sanctions be imposed by the U.S. administration 
upon Türkiye in connection with Türkiye’s purchase of the S-400 missile defence systems and, on 14 December 2020, the U.S. 
administration announced sanctions on Türkiye’s Presidency of Defence Industries (the “SSB”) and its president and other 
senior officers pursuant to Section 231, widely known as CAATSA (the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions 
Act), for Türkiye’s continued possession of the Russian S-400 missile defence system. The imposed sanctions include: (a) a 
ban on all U.S. export licenses and authorisations to the SSB and (b) an asset freeze and visa restrictions on the SSB’s president 
and other SSB officers. While such sanctions were less impactful than others that were available to be imposed and did not 
have a material impact on Turkish markets, it is uncertain if the U.S. will impose additional sanctions or other measures against 
Türkiye and, if imposed, how such might impact the Turkish economy and/or the relationship between Türkiye and any other 
NATO member. 
In October 2020, conflict broke out between Armenia and Azerbaijan over the disputed territory of Nagorno-Karabakh. 
Türkiye supported the efforts by Azerbaijan, which again put it in conflict with Russian interests. 
In late 2021, the Taliban, a Sharia Islamic militant group, took over Afghanistan, which has created expectations of a 
potential new migration wave through Europe and Türkiye. President Erdoğan and other high-level Turkish officials have made 
various statements noting that Türkiye will not shoulder the burden of a new migration wave; however, there is no certainty as

--- Page 32 ---
13 
to what impact on Türkiye any such migration might have. Türkiye’s future relationship with the Taliban is also uncertain given 
the complex geopolitical circumstances relating to Afghanistan. 
The above-mentioned events, future elections, changes in the governance and operation of Türkiye’s institutions and/or 
other political circumstances might: (a) result in the volatility of Turkish financial markets, have an adverse effect on investors’ 
perception of Türkiye and its institutions and/or have an adverse effect on Türkiye’s ability to support economic growth and 
manage domestic social conditions, (b) result in (or contribute to) a deterioration of the relationship between Türkiye and the 
EU, certain members of the EU, the United States, Russia and/or other countries and/or (c) have an adverse impact on the 
Turkish economy or Turkish institutions, any of which in turn might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations and/or on the market price of an investment in the Notes. 
Terrorism and Conflicts – Türkiye and its economy are subject to external and internal unrest and the threat of terrorism 
Türkiye is located in a region that has been subject to ongoing political and security concerns, including political 
instability and frequent incidences of violence in a number of countries in the Middle East and North Africa. In particular, the 
conflicts in Syria and Afghanistan and against ISIS have been the subject of significant international attention and conditions 
in the region remain volatile. Unrest in these countries might affect Türkiye’s relationships with its neighbours, have political 
implications both within Türkiye and in its relationship with other countries and/or have a negative impact on the Turkish 
economy, including through both financial markets and the real economy. Such impacts might occur (inter alia) through the 
significant movement of Syrian and Afghan refugees (including through Türkiye into the EU), a lower flow of foreign direct 
investment into Türkiye, capital outflows and/or increased volatility in the Turkish financial markets. 
In connection with the conflicts in Syria, there have been military and civilian hostilities in both directions across the 
Syrian-Turkish border followed by the commencement by the Turkish military to establish a “safe zone” in northern Syria, 
which might have political repercussions both within Türkiye and in its relationship with the United States, Russia, Syria, Iran 
and/or other countries and/or have an adverse impact on the Turkish economy. See “-Political Developments” above. The on-
going conflict with the Kurdistan Worker’s Party (the “PKK”) also might (inter alia) negatively impact the Turkish economy 
and/or Türkiye’s relationship with the United States. 
The Turkish military commenced military operations in northern Syria in October 2019. This engagement expanded, 
including in particular around Idlib, and has resulted in many Turkish casualties and increased direct conflicts between the 
Turkish and Syrian militaries. Although Türkiye and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement in March 2020, a permanent 
diplomatic solution has not yet been reached and it is possible that this conflict might escalate further. The conflicts in Nagorno-
Karabakh described in “-Political Developments” also might contribute to further disagreements between Türkiye and Russia. 
Most recently, Russia invaded Ukraine on 24 February 2022, triggering significant geopolitical tension. As a result 
thereof, the United States, the UK, the EU and other jurisdictions have imposed significant and broad economic and other 
sanctions upon Russia, parts of Russian-controlled Ukraine and various designated entities and individuals that have contributed 
military and other supplies to Ukraine, which included restrictions on the import of Russian oil and transactions with the Russian 
central bank and a number of Russian banks. Certain countries froze the assets of the Russian central bank and the United States 
barred U.S. agents and other financial intermediaries from making payments on Russian debt payments, making it harder for 
Russia to repay its international debts (in June 2022, Russia defaulted on part of its foreign currency-denominated debt). Some 
Russian banks have been removed from the international financial messaging system SWIFT and several international 
companies have disposed of, liquidated, suspended or otherwise limited their businesses in Russia. This has already had, and 
likely will continue to have, a material impact on: (a) global economic and market conditions, including increasing inflation 
(particularly for food, energy and shipping costs), contributing to volatility in interest and exchange rates and exacerbating 
already difficult global supply chain challenges (including through limitations on imports to and exports from Russia), and (b) 
geopolitical relationships and militarisation. According to the International Monetary Fund’s January 2023 World Economic 
Outlook report, the war in Ukraine (including sanctions on Russia) has negatively impacted global economic growth and 
increase inflation, with estimates that Ukraine and Russia experienced declines in real gross domestic product (“GDP”) of 
35.0% (from such report in April 2022) and 2.2%, respectively, in 2022, and growth for the EU in 2022 being reduced to 3.5% 
from a pre-war prediction of 3.9%. Projections for global growth in 2022 were also reduced to 3.4% from January 2022’s 
prediction of 4.4%. It is also possible that this war could lead to further military conflicts, particularly involving Eastern Europe, 
and extension or escalations in the conflict could lead to additional sanctions being imposed on Russia, thereby leading to more 
economic disruption. While, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Turkish government has indicated that it seeks to 
maintain functioning relationships with all parties, there can be no certainty as to how events might develop and their impact 
on Türkiye, including due to Türkiye’s complex relationship with Russia and Türkiye’s membership in NATO (including its 
ability to veto new NATO applicants, such as Finland and Sweden). In addition to the global impact, the Bank is impacted

--- Page 33 ---
14 
directly as a result of its ownership of a Russian subsidiary bank (JSC İşbank, which represented 0.26% of the Group’s assets 
as of 31 December 2022 and 0.69% of its net profit during 2022) and Şişecam, which has operations in Russia. 
In 2022, Türkiye received 5.1 million and 0.6 million tourists from Russia and Ukraine, respectively, representing 
10.99% of all international tourists during the year. The total exports to these two countries was US$12.6 billion in 2022 whereas 
imports were US$63.3 billion, representing 4.94% and 17.41% of Türkiye’s exports and imports, respectively, during the year. 
Any negative impacts on these results relating to the war in Ukraine might have a significant adverse effect on the Turkish 
economy, including the balance of payments and inflation. In addition, as Türkiye is a net energy importer, higher global oil 
and natural gas prices might result in higher energy costs for consumers and companies (in March 2022, Brent crude oil prices 
increased to the highest level since 2008, which prices then declined but might increase further, including as a result of the 
conflict in Ukraine and related sanctions, particularly if Russian energy supplies become subjected to additional sanctions and/or 
Russia continues to reduce or stops its supply of energy to Europe). These increases in the current account deficit, particularly 
when combined with monetary tightening in developed economies, might contribute to the depreciation pressure on the Turkish 
Lira, which might result in even higher inflation in Türkiye. 
The above (or similar) circumstances have had and might continue to have a material adverse effect on the Turkish 
economy and thus on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations, whether as a result of: (a) direct 
impacts on the Turkish economy (such as a result of any disruption to energy flows from Russia or reductions in tourism, 
whether as a result of sanctions or otherwise) or indirect impacts (such as from increasing global inflation, volatility in energy 
and commodity prices, disruptions to supply chains and related impacts on global growth, increased funding costs, decreased 
liquidity and/or decreased access to wholesale funding markets) and/or (b) any deterioration in the relationship between Türkiye 
and the United States, Russia and/or other countries. Similarly, there might be a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations of the Group directly, including through JSC İşbank and Şişecam. 
Relationship with the European Union – Uncertainties relating to Türkiye’s relationship with the European Union might 
adversely affect the Turkish financial markets and result in greater volatility 
Türkiye has had a long-term relationship with the EU, including as a candidate country for EU membership since the 
Helsinki European Council of December 1999. The EU resolved on 17 December 2004 to commence accession negotiations 
with Türkiye and affirmed that Türkiye’s candidacy to join the EU was to be judged by the same 28 criteria (or “Chapters”) 
applied to other candidates. These criteria require a range of political, legislative and economic reforms to be implemented. 
Although Türkiye has implemented various of these reforms and has continued harmonisation efforts with the EU, the 
relationship between the EU and Türkiye has at times been strained, including due to the passage of Syrian and other refugees 
through Türkiye into the EU. The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe voted on 25 April 2017 to restart 
monitoring Türkiye in connection with human rights, the rule of law and the state of democracy and officials of the EU and 
certain of its member states have since made various references about the suspension of negotiations for Türkiye’s potential 
membership in the EU. On 15 July 2019, the EU adopted certain measures against Türkiye over Türkiye’s drilling for gas in 
waters off Cyprus, including reducing certain funding (including loans via the European Investment Bank) and the suspension 
of high level communications and of the negotiations for a comprehensive air transport agreement. On 11 November 2019, the 
EU adopted a framework for imposing sanctions on individuals or entities responsible for, or involved in, these drilling activities 
and, in February 2020, instituted sanctions against two executives of the Turkish drilling company. Tensions have also risen 
between Greece and Türkiye relating to disputed claims over Mediterranean waters, particularly in areas around Cyprus in 
which significant hydrocarbon reserves have been discovered. In October 2020, both France and Greece asked the EU to 
consider suspending the bloc’s customs union agreement with Türkiye and, on 26 November 2020, the European Parliament 
passed a non-binding resolution calling for sanctions on Türkiye. On 11 December 2020, EU leaders agreed to impose sanctions 
against unspecified individuals and entities involved in activities related to the disputed waters, with the identity of these 
individuals and sanctions to be named shortly thereafter, and noted that further sanctions might be imposed in early 2021; 
however, in March 2021, EU leaders decided to postpone these plans in light of increased diplomatic activity. Any decision by 
the EU to abolish or limit the customs union with Türkiye, end Türkiye’s EU accession bid or impose additional sanctions on 
Türkiye might result in (or contribute to) a deterioration of the relationship between Türkiye and the EU and have material 
negative impacts on Türkiye’s economy. 
These circumstances might result in (or contribute to) a deterioration of the relationship between Türkiye and the EU 
and/or certain of its member states. There can be no assurance that the EU or Türkiye will continue to maintain an open approach 
to Türkiye’s EU membership or that Türkiye will be able to meet all the criteria applicable to becoming an EU member state. 
In the event of a loss of market confidence as a result of deterioration, suspension or termination in Türkiye’s EU accession 
discussions or any other international relations between Türkiye and the EU (or any of its member states), the Turkish economy

--- Page 34 ---
15 
might be adversely affected, which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. 
Economic Conditions 
As a large national bank in Türkiye, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations are significantly 
dependent upon the economic conditions in Türkiye. In addition to domestic influences on the strength of Türkiye’s economy, 
Türkiye’s economy has been and will continue to be significantly impacted by a number of external factors, including (inter 
alia) the economic conditions of Türkiye’s primary trading partners, external fund flows, international trade, interest rate and 
other actions by the U.S. Federal Reserve and the ECB, geopolitical tensions and fiscal, regulatory and other actions by other 
governments. These and other factors might have a material adverse impact on international financial markets and/or economic 
conditions, which, in turn, might result in a material adverse effect on the Turkish economy and thereby might have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. In addition, these factors might disrupt 
payment systems, money markets, long-term and short-term fixed income markets, foreign exchange markets, commodities 
markets and equity markets, including adversely affecting the cost and availability of funding for the Group. 
In recent years, Türkiye’s GDP growth rates have been volatile. In the first three months of 2020, GDP increased by 
4.4% compared to the same period of the previous year; however, GDP sharply decreased by 10.3% in the second quarter of 
the year driven by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. GDP then returned to strong growth in the third and fourth quarters 
of 2020, which growth was supported by an increase in investments and household consumption benefitting from 
accommodative monetary policy and high credit growth. As a result, and notwithstanding the pandemic’s continuing impact 
both on Türkiye and globally resulting from the precautions (such as curfews, travel restrictions, factory closures and restrictions 
on public gatherings) taken to minimise the transmission of COVID-19, GDP increased by 1.9% during 2020. During 2021, 
GDP increased by 11.4%, which growth was supported by the recovery in global economic activity, moderate credit expansion 
and a favourable base effect, whereas growth during 2022 was 5.6%, due primarily to strong consumption and moderate 
investment and export performances. It should be noted that these GDP results are in inflation-adjusted Turkish Lira terms and, 
as the exchange rate of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar varies (in some years, significantly), these reported changes in 
GDP would have been different (in some years, significantly) were they determined in U.S. dollar terms. With the global 
evolution of the pandemic, there is the risk of the emergence of new virus variants, including those that spread more easily, 
show resilience against the available vaccines and treatments and/or cause higher rates of hospitalisation or death. In such 
circumstances, growth might be weak in the remainder of 2023 and thereafter, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition, including through a deterioration in the asset quality of the 
Group’s growing loan portfolio and/or the increasing formation of NPLs (particularly for SMEs and in industries, such as 
tourism and retail, that have been disproportionately impacted by the precautions taken to minimise the transmission of 
COVID-19) (see “-COVID-19”). 
On 6 February 2023, Türkiye was hit by severe earthquakes in Kahramanmaraş, causing destruction in 11 provinces. 
Due to the disaster, a state of emergency was declared in 10 of these provinces for three months. In addition to the significant 
loss of life and damage to infrastructure, the Borsa İstanbul suspended trading of stocks and derivatives for five trading days. 
The Bank’s branches, employees and customers located in the areas directly impacted by the earthquakes have suffered material 
disruptions. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the full impact on Türkiye’s economy are uncertain. In turn, the extent of 
the impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations remains uncertain. 
Government actions to stimulate the Turkish economy might increase the government debt and budget deficit levels, 
which might in turn contribute adversely to the country’s economic stability. The debt of the Turkish government and 
corporates, both of which significantly rely directly or indirectly upon financing from international creditors, has been 
increasing whereas the Central Bank’s net foreign exchange reserves have recently experienced periods of decline (including 
being negative when swaps are excluded) to levels that might require the Turkish government and corporate borrowers to be 
dependent upon continued access to external funding in order to refinance upcoming debt payments. 
The Group’s banking and other businesses are significantly dependent upon its customers’ ability to make payments 
on their loans and meet their other obligations to the Group. If the Turkish economy suffers because of any of the factors 
described above or any other reason, then this might increase the number of the Group’s customers who are not able to repay 
loans when due or meet their other obligations to the Group or who seek to restructure their loans, which would increase the 
Group’s past due loan portfolio, require the Group to reserve additional provisions and/or reduce its net profit/(loss) and capital 
levels. In addition, volatility in the international or Turkish financial markets and/or economy and/or any tightening in credit 
conditions might result in decreased demand for the Group’s products and services, increased borrowing costs (including due 
to increased competition for deposits) and reduced, or no, access to capital markets. The occurrence of any or all of the above

--- Page 35 ---
16 
might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations, including a 
decline in its net interest income and/or decreases in the Group’s fee and commission income. 
The economic conditions that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on the Issuer, and 
thus potentially on its ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, are set out in this sub-category. 
Turkish Economy – The Turkish economy is subject to significant macroeconomic risks 
Since the early 1980s, the Turkish economy has undergone a transformation from a highly protected and regulated 
system to a more open market system. Although the Turkish economy has generally responded positively to this transformation, 
it has experienced severe macroeconomic imbalances, including significant current account deficits, high rates of interest, 
significant currency volatility and persistent unemployment. In addition, the Turkish economy remains vulnerable to both 
external and internal shocks, including volatility in oil prices, changing investor opinion, outbreaks of disease (e.g., SARS and 
the COVID-19 coronavirus) and natural events such as earthquakes (including the powerful earthquakes in southern Türkiye in 
February 2023, which resulted in over 48,000 fatalities and will require significant expense for the government). For example, 
the impact of the COVID-19 coronavirus on the global economy (including precautions taken to minimise transmission, 
including travel restrictions, the closure of factories and restrictions on public gatherings) has increased risks to global growth 
and financial markets. See “-COVID-19” below. Global macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties, slowdown in capital 
flows to emerging markets and an increasingly protectionist approach to global foreign trade also continue to negatively affect 
the Turkish economy. 
Domestic macroeconomic factors, including the current account deficit, high levels of unemployment (a seasonally 
adjusted 9.7% as of January 2023, high levels of inflation and interest rate and currency volatility, remain of concern, 
particularly in light of the further depreciation of the Turkish Lira. These conditions have had, and likely will continue to have, 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations, including as a result of their 
impact on the Group’s customers. The Turkish government has sought to improve economic growth and, in September 2022, 
the Turkish Treasury published a three-year medium-term economic programme (referred to as the “Medium Term 
Programme”) under which GDP growth was anticipated to be 5.0% for both 2022 and 2023 and 5.5% for both 2024 and 2025; 
however, consumer inflation has substantially exceeded the target for 2022 and is anticipated to remain well above the inflation 
target of 5.0% through the programme period. 
In particular, the general macroeconomic conditions in Türkiye might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
retail and SME customers, both as borrowers and providers of deposits. For example, should the unemployment rate increase, 
the ability of the Group’s retail customers to meet their payment obligations and/or deposit funds with the Bank might be 
reduced. Similarly, reduced demand for goods and services caused by a slowdown in the Turkish economy might significantly 
impact SMEs. Additionally, the significant inflation since 2021 might decrease the ability of retail and other customers to pay 
their debts and/or contribute to economic growth, and their demand for loans and other banking services might decline. Any 
material adverse effect on the Group’s retail and SME customers resulting from macroeconomic conditions might impair the 
Group’s business strategies and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
The Turkish government has focused on certain strategically defined sectors, including energy, mining, petrochemical, 
pharmacy, tourism, automotive and information, including using Türkiye’s sovereign wealth fund to support investments in 
these strategic sectors. In March 2021, the Turkish government announced “The Economic Reform Package” aiming to 
strengthen fiscal discipline and financial stability. The reforms in the package include supporting SMEs with tax reductions, 
decreasing foreign currency borrowing in order to reduce the sensitivity of the country’s debt stock to external shocks and 
supporting exports and green transformation of industrial companies in order to narrow the current account deficit. The package 
also aims to support employment, encourage transparent and accountable institutionalised governance, promote private sector 
investments and increase competitiveness in domestic markets. There can be no assurance that these targets will be reached or 
that the Turkish government will implement its current and proposed economic and fiscal policies successfully, including the 
Central Bank’s efforts to curtail inflation and simplify monetary policy. 
Since February 2001, the Central Bank has applied a floating exchange rate policy. Exchange rates for the Turkish 
Lira have historically been, and continue to be, highly volatile and recent events have further contributed to significant 
fluctuations in the value of the Turkish Lira and various governmental policies to respond to currency volatility and the resulting 
economic conditions. In recent years, there have been a number of periods of sharp depreciation and some recovery in the value 
of the Turkish Lira (e.g., the Turkish Lira depreciated against the U.S. dollar by 19.1% in 2020, 43.4% in 2021 and 30.6% in 
2022, with significant volatility (particularly from August through November of 2020) driven in part by changes in Central 
Bank policy and regulatory changes and significant declines in the value of the Turkish Lira starting in September 2021 with

--- Page 36 ---
17 
the Central Bank’s decision to reduce policy rates despite very high levels of inflation). The Central Bank has from time to time 
used its interest rate policy, reserve requirements and other tools to try to lower inflationary pressures arising from exchange 
rate volatility, including some fairly large hikes in interest rates in 2018 (which were then followed by large decreases in 2019 
and early 2020 as inflation moderated and then, notwithstanding the disinflationary impact of COVID-19 pandemic-related 
shutdowns, significant increases starting in August 2020 to address a significant depreciation in the value of the Turkish Lira; 
however, contrary to the expectations of some market participants, the Central Bank reduced its policy rate by 100 basis points 
in September 2021 and then, after three members of the Central Bank’s monetary policy committee were replaced on 13 October 
2021, further reduced the policy rate by a larger-than-expected 200 basis points (to 16.00%) on 21 October 2021, another 
100 basis points (to 15.00%) on 18 November 2021 and another 100 basis points (to 14.00%) on 16 December 2021), following 
which the Turkish Lira reached a then all-time low of TL 17.47/US$1 on 20 December 2021 given the Central Bank’s 
accommodative stance despite high inflationary conditions. Subsequently, the Turkish government, among other things, 
introduced a foreign exchange-protected Turkish Lira deposit scheme in an effort to reduce the volatility in exchange rates and 
lower the inflation rate, resulting in some improvement in exchange rates. The scheme was announced in respect of retail 
depositors on 20 December 2021 and subsequently expanded to include corporate foreign currency accounts and gold deposit 
accounts in January 2022 and non-resident Turkish nationals in February 2022. In 2022, the Central Bank initially held its 
policy rate notwithstanding rapidly increasing inflation and then, contrary to the expectations of many market participants, 
reduced the rate to 13.00% on 18 August 2022 and again to 12.00% on 22 September 2022, both of which reductions resulted 
in the Turkish Lira declining to a new all-time low, and then further reduced its policy rate to 10.50% on 20 October 2022, 
9.00% on 24 November 2022 and 8.50% on 23 February 2023. The impact of these circumstances, including changes in the 
exchange rates of the Turkish Lira, might have a material adverse effect on the Group, including through borrower defaults, 
increased NPLs, reduced loan volumes and reduced earnings, the revaluation of assets and liabilities (including increases in the 
Turkish Lira-equivalent value of the Group’s obligations in other currencies), a decline in capital and/or rapid changes in the 
economic and legal environment. As of 31 December 2022, these economic conditions had a negative impact on the Bank’s 
capital adequacy ratio, though it is still above the minimum legal requirement of 8%. 
As described elsewhere, the BRSA announced rules allowing banks to: (a) use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange 
buying rates as of 30 December 2022 in certain capital and other calculations (replacing an earlier rule allowing the use of the 
Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 31 December 2021) and (b) when making capital calculations, avoid the 
inclusion of mark-to-market losses on securities booked in the “financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income” portfolio. As also described elsewhere, the BRSA has implemented regulatory forbearance measures that allow banks 
to use 0% risk weightings for foreign currency-denominated receivables owed by the centralised administration (i.e., Turkish 
state institutions and other public institutions that do not have a separate legal entity and act under the legal entity of the Turkish 
sovereign) while calculating the amount of exposure subject to credit risk in accordance with the standardised approach as 
determined under the Capital Adequacy Regulation. Collectively, these accommodations have had a material positive impact 
on the capital adequacy ratios of the Group and the Bank and, if such were to be discontinued or limited, the Group’s and/or 
the Bank’s capital adequacy ratios would likely decline. 
Any further significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar or other major currencies, or any actions 
taken by the Central Bank or other Turkish authorities to protect the value of the Turkish Lira (such as increased interest rates 
or other policy actions by the Central Bank), might adversely affect the financial condition of Türkiye as a whole, including its 
inflation rate and/or the ability of the Central Bank to implement its policy goals, and might have a material negative effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. As of 31 December 2022, the Central Bank had net 
negative foreign exchange reserves (excluding swap transactions), which could further limit the Central Bank’s policy actions, 
including actions to limit any further reductions in foreign currency liquidity in Türkiye. 
Any monetary policy tightening of the U.S. Federal Reserve (including as started in early 2022) and/or the ECB (such 
as the announced wind-down of asset purchases or the interest rate increases started in July 2022), or any other increase in 
market interest rates, particularly if it is more accelerated than expected, might have an adverse impact on Türkiye, including 
on Türkiye’s external financing needs, and might reduce the availability of and/or increase the cost of funding to the Turkish 
banking sector. 
Should Türkiye’s economy experience macroeconomic imbalances or otherwise be unsuccessful, it might have a 
material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
COVID-19 – The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively affected the global and Turkish economy and financial 
markets and might continue to disrupt and/or otherwise negatively impact the operations of the Group and/or its clients 
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption in the global and Turkish economy and financial markets. 
Within Türkiye and many of its important trading partners, the spread of COVID-19 has caused illness, quarantines, cancellation

--- Page 37 ---
18 
of events and travel, business and school shutdowns, reduction in business activity and financial transactions, labour shortages, 
increased unemployment, supply chain interruptions and overall economic and financial market instability. In particular, the 
Turkish government imposed significant restrictions on activities in 2020 and early 2021, only lifting them gradually starting 
in May 2021 as local inoculation rates grew. The impacts of the pandemic might continue to materially and adversely impact 
the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations in the following ways, among others: 
 
reductions in business and consumer activity and financial transactions, which might lead to a reduction in demand for 
loans and/or the Group’s banking services that generate fee and commission income, 
 
the quality of the Group’s loans and other assets (and the value of collateral securing the same) might deteriorate, 
particularly in those sectors (such as automobiles, textiles, services, real estate and tourism) or those segments (such 
as the Group’s SME segment) that are most dramatically impacted, which might lead (inter alia) to increases in 
provisions (including as a result of the temporary relief for recognition of NPLs described in the fourth paragraph of 
“-Counterparty Credit Risk”), NPLs and/or reductions in customer payments (e.g., loans under credit cards), 
 
to the extent that global trade and travel flows remain subdued for a prolonged period of time, potential overcapacity 
in tourism, transport and logistics infrastructure (including hotels and airports) might lead to a rapid decline in prices 
of these and other properties, which might then lead to a further deterioration of the asset quality of the Group’s loan 
book and, in case of any restructuring with any borrowers resulting in more favourable terms to borrowers, might lead 
to a decrease in income for the Group, 
 
regulatory measures that seek to ease the impact of COVID-19 might (inter alia) affect customer demand for loans 
and/or services, affect pricing in Türkiye’s competitive banking landscape, impose limitations on the Group’s ability 
to enforce its contracts (including with respect to collateral) and/or, for temporary regulatory changes (e.g., the rule 
announced by the BRSA on 23 March 2020 allowing banks to use 31 December 2019 exchange rates in certain capital 
and other calculations, which was then revised by the BRSA on 8 December 2020 (and further extended on 17 June 
2021 and 16 September 2021) to allow banks to use the arithmetic mean of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying 
rates during the previous 252 business days until such date as determined by the BRSA (on 21 December 2021, the 
BRSA announced that banks shall (if using this approach) use the average of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange 
buying rates during the 252 business days ending on 31 December 2021, which (for U.S. dollars) was TL 8.8470 as 
opposed to the spot exchange rate of TL 13.0427 in effect on such date; on 28 April 2022, the BRSA amended this 
rule so that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying 
rates as of 31 December 2021 (e.g., TL 13.3290/US$1) in certain capital and other calculations, and on 31 January 
2023 the BRSA further amended this rule so that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the 
Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 30 December 2022 (e.g., TL 18.6983/US$1) in certain capital and 
other calculations)), result in financial calculations that are not comparable to those of previous and later periods 
(including resulting in potentially material changes after such temporary measures terminate), alter the decision-
making process of the Group, positively (but temporarily) increase capital levels and/or make it more difficult for 
investors to assess financial results on a comparative basis, 
 
sources of liquidity available to Turkish borrowers (including the Group) might be reduced and/or more expensive, 
including if sentiments in capital markets further deteriorate or international investors reduce their exposure to Türkiye, 
 
continued volatility of the Turkish Lira could affect Türkiye’s current account deficit and/or the ability of Turkish 
borrowers to repay obligations denominated in (or linked to) foreign currencies, which could impact not only the 
Group’s own loan portfolio but also Türkiye’s economy generally, including by way of increased unemployment, 
and/or 
 
some of the Group’s operations might be impacted, such as due to illness among staff or the need to close or limit 
customer access to branches. 
The future impact of the outbreak is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Due in part to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 
Group experienced an increase in its provisions for Stage 2 loans during 2020, principally due to the Group’s decisions to 
prepare for a potential decline in asset quality; however, the provisions were reduced in 2021 and 2022 as the economy 
normalised. The Bank has exposure to certain sectors that are impacted the most by the COVID-19 pandemic, such as the 
Bank’s loans to the tourism, real estate, trade and transportation sectors (which accounted for 4.73%, 2.79%, 3.44% and 6.72%, 
respectively, of the Group’s performing cash loan portfolio as of 31 December 2021). The slowdown relating to the pandemic 
also negatively impacted fee and commission income (particularly during the second quarter of 2020) due in part to reduced

--- Page 38 ---
19 
customer demand and fee waivers that the Bank has granted to some of its customers during this period; however, this trend 
reversed as volume increased as a result of government support to the economy and pent-up demand. As a result of the impact 
of the COVID-19 pandemic on Türkiye’s fiscal position, the government temporarily increased the level of corporate income 
tax from 22% for earlier fiscal periods to: (a) for the last three quarters of 2021, 25%, (b) for 2022, 23%, and (c) for 2023, 20% 
(25% for banks, including the Bank, and certain other financial institutions), which increases have had and will continue to 
have a corresponding impact on the after-tax income of the Group and its corporate clients. Due to increasing COVID-19 
infections, in April 2021, Türkiye introduced additional restrictive measures, including lockdowns and the closing of 
restaurants. There is no assurance that the outbreak will not lead to a further deterioration of the asset quality of the Group’s 
loan portfolio or otherwise have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. The extent of the impact, if any, will depend upon future developments, including the speed and efficacy of vaccine 
programmes and other actions taken globally and within Türkiye to contain COVID-19 (including for strains such as Omicron 
sub-variant BA2, which has recently significantly impacted certain developing markets, and any further waves of infections 
and/or new variants). See also “Turkish Regulatory Environment - Additional COVID-19-Related Temporary Measures” for 
information on certain regulatory measures taken against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
It should be noted that the impact of COVID-19, including actions taken to contain it, might heighten many of the 
other risks noted within these Risk Factors, including through increasing both the probability of negative impacts as well as the 
severity of such impacts. 
Current Account Deficit – An increase in Türkiye’s current account deficit might result in governmental efforts to decrease 
economic activity 
Türkiye’s current account deficit has long created a significant risk for the Turkish economy, including contributing 
to the country’s need for external funding to support its balance-of-payment position. Due to ongoing weakness in economic 
activity, Türkiye’s current account balance in 2019 showed a surplus of US$5.3 billion according to the Central Bank, which 
was the first surplus since 2002, but then reverted to a deficit of US$35.5 billion in 2020, which deficit was primarily due to a 
decrease in exports to Europe and significantly lower tourism revenues arising from the shutdowns for the COVID-19 pandemic 
(e.g., Türkiye’s net tourism revenue fell by 59.3% in 2020 compared with 2019). During 2021, reflecting the recovery in global 
activity, the easing of lockdown measures and significant global policy stimulus, Türkiye’s current account deficit declined to 
US$7.2 billion as a result of increased exports, a moderation in imports (especially gold) and increased tourism revenues. During 
2022, and despite an increase in export and tourism revenues, Türkiye’s current account deficit increased to US$48.8 billion 
due largely to the increase in energy prices (including resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine). Various events and 
circumstances, including (inter alia) a sustained rise in energy prices (particularly given the higher energy price environment 
in 2023 and the even higher prevailing prices following the Russian invasion of Ukraine), a decline in Türkiye’s foreign trade 
and tourism revenues (including due to a resurgence of COVID-19 and the impact of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine), 
political risks and changes to Türkiye’s macroeconomic policy (such as with respect to domestic interest rates), might result in 
an increase in the current account deficit. The current account deficit is a principal concern for Turkish policy makers as it 
increases Türkiye’s vulnerability to changes in global macroeconomic conditions, and the Turkish government might take 
policy actions to reduce the current account deficit, including policies that might have a material negative impact on domestic 
growth and consumption. Any negative impact on economic growth or the introduction of policies that curtail the economy’s 
activity might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Although Türkiye’s economic growth depends to some extent upon domestic demand, Türkiye’s economy is also 
dependent upon trade, in particular with Europe. The EU remains Türkiye’s largest export market. A significant decline in the 
economic growth of any of Türkiye’s major trading partners, such as the EU, might have an adverse impact on Türkiye’s 
balance of trade and adversely affect Türkiye’s economic growth. Diplomatic or political tensions between Türkiye and the EU 
(or any of its member states) or other countries might impact trade or demand for imports and exports. A decline in demand for 
imports into the EU or Türkiye’s other trading partners might have a material adverse effect on Turkish exports and thus on 
Türkiye’s economic growth and thereby result in an increase in Türkiye’s current account deficit. To a lesser extent, Türkiye 
also exports to markets in Russia and the Middle East, and the continuing political and/or economic turmoil in certain of those 
markets might lead to a decline in demand for such imports, with a similar negative effect on Turkish economic growth and 
Türkiye’s current account deficit. 
Due to the negative impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic, Türkiye’s tourism revenues and (in particular due to 
the EU being Türkiye’s largest export market) export revenues experienced a significant decline in 2020, whereas (driven in 
large part by the import of gold) imports into Türkiye increased. In order to reduce the negative impact on Türkiye’s current 
account deficit by decreasing the demand for imports into Türkiye and supporting domestic producers, the Turkish government 
imposed new (or increased) custom tax rates for numerous products.

--- Page 39 ---
20 
If the value of the Turkish Lira relative to the U.S. dollar and other relevant trading currencies declines, then the cost 
of importing oil and other goods and services might increase, resulting in potential increases in Türkiye’s current account deficit. 
As an increase in the current account deficit might erode financial stability in Türkiye, the Central Bank takes (and has taken) 
certain actions to maintain price and financial stability, which actions (including changes to interest rates and reserve 
requirements) might materially adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Türkiye is an energy import-dependent country and recorded US$80.1 billion of net energy imports in 2022, an 
increase from US$42.2 billion of net energy imports in 2021, itself an increase from US$24.2 billion of net energy imports in 
2020. Although the government has been heavily promoting new domestic energy projects, and promising new fields have been 
identified in the Black Sea, these have not yet significantly decreased the need for imported energy and thus any geopolitical 
development concerning energy security might have a material impact on Türkiye’s current account balance. Volatile oil and 
natural gas prices (including as a result of agreements among the members of the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting 
Countries (OPEC) and/or other oil-exporting nations to cut output or any geopolitical development concerning energy security 
and prices, such as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the United States’ withdrawal from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action 
and re-imposing previously suspended secondary sanctions on Iran or the decision of the United States to impose sanctions on 
Venezuela), together with the Turkish Lira’s depreciation against the U.S. dollar (in which most of Türkiye’s energy imports 
are priced), might have a negative impact on Türkiye’s current account deficit. 
If the current account deficit widens, then financial stability in Türkiye might deteriorate. In addition, financing a 
current account deficit might be difficult in the event of a global liquidity crisis and/or declining interest or confidence of foreign 
investors in Türkiye, and a failure to reduce the current account deficit might have a negative impact on Türkiye’s sovereign 
credit ratings. Any such difficulties might lead the Turkish government to seek to raise additional revenue to finance the current 
account deficit, reduce domestic demand and/or stabilise the Turkish financial system, any of which might materially adversely 
affect the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Inflation – Türkiye’s economy is subject to significant inflationary pressures 
The Turkish economy has been subject to significant inflation increases in recent years which might continue 
(including at elevated levels). In 2020, the annual consumer price index (“CPI”) inflation rate was 14.6% and domestic producer 
price inflation was 25.15%, reflecting primarily an increase in food, energy and commodity prices (including due to the 
depreciation of the Turkish Lira). In 2021, the CPI inflation rate surged to 36.08%, reflecting primarily an increase in the prices 
of food, energy, consumer durables and transportation, which increases resulted from the depreciation of the Turkish Lira, the 
impact of disruptions in supply chains, the rise in government-administered prices and the reopening of the Turkish economy 
from COVID-19-related restrictions. In 2022, the CPI inflation rate was 64.27% and the domestic producer price inflation rate 
was 97.72% (it should be noted that this is the official inflation rate whereas other analysts have published different rates, in 
some cases significantly higher than the official rate), again reflecting significant increases in the prices of food, energy and 
imported products. On 26 January 2023, the Central Bank published an inflation report indicating an inflation forecast of 22.3%, 
8.8% and 5.0% at the end of 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. While the Bank’s management expects inflation to decline in 
the first half of 2023 due to the impact of the higher base created in 2022, inflation might continue at an elevated, or even 
higher, pace due to potential higher food inflation (in part due to droughts, wildfires, logistics obstacles and other supply side 
challenges), cost push factors (where sellers pass along increasing costs to their customers) and/or worsening inflation 
expectations. In addition, high inflation levels in Türkiye since 2022 matched with reduced policy rates have resulted in a de-
linking of market interest rates in Türkiye from Central Bank rates since market participants set borrowing and lending rates on 
broader market conditions, including expectations regarding inflation. 
High inflation rates might distort the Group’s results of operations, with nominal growth rates of the balance sheet and 
profitability in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements significantly exceeding the rates as measured on a constant-currency 
basis. As noted in “Presentation of Financial and Other Information,” as Türkiye’s cumulative inflation has exceeded 100% 
over the past three years, the criteria of IAS 29 (Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies) for inflation-adjusted 
accounting have been satisfied and IFRS financial statements starting with those as of and for the six months ended 30 June 
2022 are required to utilise inflation accounting. While, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no further 
announcement by the POA regarding this issue, such an adjustment might be required in the future (as noted in the BRSA 
Annual Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2022, the POA announced that such was not applicable for the 
2021 BRSA Financial Statements but had not yet provided any guidance with respect to later BRSA Financial Statements), 
which change in accounting practices would similarly make the BRSA Financial Statements published at that time not 
comparable to those incorporated by reference herein and might materially impact the Group’s reported financial results. 
Significant global price increases in major commodities such as oil, cotton, corn and wheat would be likely to increase 
inflation pressures in Türkiye. Such inflation, particularly if combined with further depreciation of the Turkish Lira, might

--- Page 40 ---
21 
result in Türkiye’s inflation exceeding the Central Bank’s inflation target, which might cause the Central Bank to modify its 
monetary policy. Inflation-related measures that might be taken by the Central Bank and/or other Turkish authorities might 
have an adverse effect on the Turkish economy. If the level of inflation in Türkiye were to continue to fluctuate or increase 
significantly, then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
Potential Overdevelopment – Certain sectors of the Turkish economy might have been or become overdeveloped, which might 
result in a negative impact on the Turkish economy 
Certain sectors of the Turkish economy might have been (or might become) overdeveloped, including in particular the 
construction of luxury residences, shopping centres, office buildings, travel and tourism facilities and other real estate-related 
projects and various renewable energy-related projects. For example, significant growth in the number of hotels occurred over 
recent years in anticipation of a continuing growth in international tourism, whereas in fact tourism declined very significantly 
in 2015 and 2016 as a result of the conflicts in Syria and Iraq and Turkish political and security concerns and the tourism 
industry has suffered significantly (while Türkiye’s tourism revenues started to improve slightly starting from the second quarter 
of 2017, the industry was still significantly below full capacity before being then severely negatively impacted by the COVID-19 
pandemic, including the related travel restrictions). Any such overdevelopment might lead to a rapid decline in prices of these 
and other properties or the failure of some of these projects, which might then lead to a deterioration of the asset quality of 
Turkish banks and, in case of any restructuring with any borrowers resulting in more favourable terms to borrowers, might lead 
to a decrease in income for Turkish banks. Even if this does not occur, the pace of development of such projects might decline 
in coming years as developers and project sponsors seek to reduce their risk, which might negatively affect the growth of the 
Turkish economy. Should any of such events occur, then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Turkish Regulatory and Other Matters 
While political and economic conditions in Türkiye tend to have the most significant impact on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations, various other Türkiye-related matters are also important. These matters, the most 
material of which is the Turkish regulatory environment, that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact 
on the Issuer, and thus potentially on its ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, are set out in this sub-category. 
Banking Regulatory Matters – The activities of the Group are highly regulated and changes to applicable laws, the 
interpretation or enforcement of such laws and/or any failure to comply with such laws might have a material adverse impact 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations 
The Group is subject to a number of banking, consumer protection, competition/antitrust and other laws designed to 
maintain the safety and financial stability of banks, ensure their compliance with economic and other obligations and limit their 
exposure to risk. These laws include Turkish laws (in particular those of the BRSA) as well as the laws of other countries in 
which the Group conducts business. These laws, which can increase the cost of doing business and limit the Group’s activities, 
include (inter alia): 
(a) the Regulation on the Equity of Banks was published in the Official Gazette No. 28756 dated 5 September 
2013 (the “Equity Regulation”) and the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of the Capital Adequacy of 
Banks published in the Official Gazette No. 29511 dated 23 October 2015 (the “Capital Adequacy Regulation”); the 
Equity Regulation introduced: (i) core tier 1 capital and additional tier 1 capital as components of tier 1 capital and (ii) 
new tier 2 rules and determined new criteria for debt instruments to be included in a bank’s tier 2 capital, whereas the 
Capital Adequacy Regulation requires a minimum core capital adequacy ratio (4.5%) and a minimum tier 1 capital 
adequacy ratio (6.0%) to be calculated on a consolidated and non-consolidated basis (which are in addition to the 
previously existing requirement for a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of 8.0%) and changed the risk weights of 
certain items that are categorised under “other assets,” with the BRSA amending its guidance on 24 February 2017 to 
allow foreign exchange-required reserves held with the Central Bank to be subject to a 0% risk weight, 
(b) a regulation dated 23 February 2016 (the “D-SIBs Regulation”) regarding systemically important banks 
(“D-SIBs”), which regulation introduced additional capital requirements for D-SIBs in line with the requirements of 
Basel III (as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has been classified as a D-SIB under the D-SIBs Regulation), 
(c) the BRSA’s: (i) decision dated 18 December 2015 (No. 6602) regarding the procedures for and principles 
on calculation, application and announcement of a countercyclical capital buffer and (ii) decision dated

--- Page 41 ---
22 
24 December 2015 (No. 6619) regarding the determination of such countercyclical capital buffer (together, the “BRSA 
Decisions on the Countercyclical Capital Buffer”), pursuant to which decisions the countercyclical capital buffer for 
Turkish banks’ (including the Bank’s) exposures in Türkiye was initially set at 0% of a bank’s risk-weighted assets in 
Türkiye (effective as of 1 January 2016); however, such ratio can fluctuate between 0% and 2.5% as announced from 
time to time by the BRSA, 
(d) the Regulation on Measurement of Liquidity Coverage Ratio of Banks published in the Official Gazette 
No. 28948 dated 21 March 2014 (the “Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios”) in order to ensure that a bank 
maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets that can be converted into cash to meet its 
liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day period, according to which regulation the liquidity coverage ratios of banks is not 
permitted to fall below 100% on an aggregate basis and 80% on a foreign currency-only basis, 
(e) the Regulation on Procedures and Principles for Classification of Loans and Provisions to be Set Aside 
(the “Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation”), which entered into effect as of 1 January 2018 in order to 
ensure compliance with the requirements of TFRS and the Financial Sector Assessment Programme, which is a joint 
programme of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank; this regulation required banks to adopt TFRS 9 
principles (unless an exemption is granted by the BRSA) related to the assessment of credit risk and to account for 
expected credit losses in line with such principles, 
(f) in early 2020, there came into force new limitations to be determined by the Central Bank on certain fees 
and commissions that Turkish banks may charge to customers, including limitations on fees for electronic funds 
transfers, and (in August 2021) the Central Bank (though increasing the fees that can be charged for ATM usage and 
commissions that can be collected from the use of point of sale (“POS”) systems) introduced further limits, which 
limitations might negatively impact the fees and commissions earned by the Group (for further information on the size 
of the Bank’s fee and commission income, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations”), 
(g) on 10 June 2022, the Central Bank issued the Regulation on the Maintenance of Turkish Lira Securities 
for Foreign Currency Liabilities (the name of which was later changed to Regulation on the Maintenance of Securities) 
(as amended on 18 October 2022, 31 December 2022 and 7 January 2023, the “Regulation on the Maintenance of 
Securities”) to require Turkish banks to maintain Turkish Lira-denominated securities for their foreign currency 
deposit and participation funds, funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions, precious metal deposit 
accounts, securities issued by entities (other than financial institutions) held by such banks, and Turkish Lira-
denominated commercial cash loans; provided that the following are excluded: (i) loans provided to SMEs, tradesmen, 
financial institutions and/or certain governmental authorities and their subsidiaries and (ii) export and investment 
loans, agricultural loans and corporate credit cards; pursuant to this regulation, Turkish banks are required to (subject 
to certain calculations and exceptions): (A) use long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish 
government (including lease certificates issued by Undersecretariat of Treasury Asset Leasing Company) as reserves 
equal to 5% (as of 24 February 2023, 10%) of the amount of the foreign currency deposits, participation funds, funds 
from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions, and precious metals accounts and 30% of the amount of such 
Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans, and securities issued by entities (other than financial institutions) 
held by such banks and (B) provide a small amount of additional reserves for foreign exchange deposits and 
participation funds held by natural and legal persons based upon the conversation rate of such persons’ foreign currency 
accounts to Turkish Lira accounts, and 
(h) as part of the government’s effort to de-dollarise the economy, on 24 June 2022 (as amended on 7 July 
and 21 October 2022), the BRSA announced that non-financial institutions and companies that are subject to an 
independent audit and have foreign currency assets (which include (inter alia) gold, cash, deposits, securities but 
excluding foreign currency-denominated securities issued by Türkiye itself) of the equivalent of at least TL 10 million 
at the time of loan application are not permitted to receive Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (including 
swap transactions) from Turkish banks and financial leasing, factoring and financing companies if such foreign 
currency assets exceed 5% of the higher of their total assets and net sales revenue for the most recent financial year; 
the BRSA has, however, provided an exception for companies with such foreign currency assets of at least TL 10 
million but who are not permitted to borrow foreign currency-denominated loans due to restrictions imposed by 
applicable laws at the time of the loan application, which companies are permitted to borrow Turkish Lira-denominated 
commercial cash loans in an amount up to the amount of their three month foreign currency net position deficit as 
declared by the company at the time of loan application and confirmed by the company’s independent auditors or a 
certified public accountant at the end of every three month period.

--- Page 42 ---
23 
See “Turkish Regulatory Environment” for a description of the Turkish banking regulatory environment, including the 
implementation of Basel III in Türkiye. The BRSA conducts examinations of all banks operating in Türkiye and financial 
information, capital ratios, open positions, liquidity, interest rate risks and credit portfolios (inter alia) are followed up in detail 
at frequent intervals by the BRSA. 
Such measures might also limit or reduce growth of the Turkish economy and, consequently, the demand for the 
Group’s products and services. Furthermore, as a consequence of certain of these changes, the Group might be required to 
increase its capital reserves and/or might need to access more expensive sources of financing to meet its regulatory liquidity 
and capital requirements, which in turn might have an adverse impact on its level of profitability and/or net interest margin. 
New or revised laws also might increase the Group’s cost of doing business and/or limit its activities, such as the Central Bank’s 
frequent changes to monetary policy and reserve requirements. For example, the Turkish government (including the BRSA and 
the Central Bank) has introduced (and might introduce in the future) laws that impose limits with respect to fees and 
commissions charged to customers, increase the monthly minimum payments required to be paid by holders of credit cards or 
increase reserves. The Group might not be able to pass on any increased costs associated with such regulatory changes to its 
customers, particularly given the high level of competition in the Turkish banking sector. Accordingly, the Group might not be 
able to sustain its level of profitability in light of these regulatory changes and the Group’s profitability might be materially 
adversely impacted until (if ever) such changes can be incorporated into the Group’s pricing (and even then such changes might 
affect the Group’s profitability as increased pricing for customers might reduce customer demand for the Group’s products and 
services). 
Any failure by the Group to adopt adequate responses to these or future changes in the regulatory framework (whether 
in Türkiye or any other jurisdiction in which the Group operates) might have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. In addition, non-compliance with laws might expose the Group to potential liabilities 
and fines and/or damage its reputation. 
Emerging Markets Risk – International investors might view Türkiye negatively based upon adverse events in other emerging 
markets 
In general, investing in the securities of issuers that have operations primarily in emerging market countries like 
Türkiye involves a higher degree of risk than investing in the securities of issuers with substantial operations in the United 
States, the countries of the EU or other similar jurisdictions. The market for securities issued by Turkish companies is influenced 
not only by economic and market conditions in Türkiye but also market conditions in other emerging market countries or in the 
United States and the EU. For example, developments or economic conditions in one or more other emerging market(s) have 
at times adversely affected the prices of securities from, and the availability of credit to, other emerging market countries as 
investors move their money to countries that are perceived to be more stable and economically developed. An increase in the 
perceived risks associated with investing in emerging economies might dampen capital flows to Türkiye and/or otherwise 
adversely affect the Turkish economy. As a result, investors’ interest in the Notes (and thus the market price of an investment 
in the Notes) might be subject to fluctuations that might not necessarily be related to economic conditions in Türkiye or the 
financial performance of the Group. There can be no assurance that investors’ interest in Türkiye in general, and the Notes in 
particular, will not be negatively affected by events in other emerging markets or the global economy in general. 
Risks Relating to the Group and its Business 
While Turkish political, economic, regulatory and other circumstances are the most material category of risks relating 
to the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations, matters specific to the Group also might have a material 
impact on the Issuer’s ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, particularly the Group’s exposure with respect to 
the loans and other credits that it extends to borrowers and other counterparties. Such risks that the Issuer’s management has 
identified as having a material impact on the Issuer are set out in this section. The principal sub-categories of the risks relating 
to the Group and its business are credit risks, market risks, funding risks, operational risks and other Group-related risks, each 
as set out in their corresponding section below. 
Credit Risks 
Counterparty Credit Risk – The Group is subject to credit risk in relation to its borrowers and other counterparties 
The Group’s primary business risk is the inherent risk that its borrowers and other counterparties might not be able to 
meet their obligations to the Group, which ability is affected by many factors. These counterparties include (inter alios) 
borrowers of loans from the Group, issuers whose securities are held by the Group, trading and hedging counterparties and

--- Page 43 ---
24 
customers of letters of credit provided by the Group, the Group’s exposures to certain of which (particularly for loans for 
infrastructure and energy projects) are large. Any of these counterparties might default in their obligations to the Group due 
(inter alia) to the factors described in “-Risks Relating to Türkiye” and/or adverse changes in consumer spending, consumer 
confidence, unemployment levels, corporate restructurings, bankruptcy rates and/or market volatility, including due to local, 
national and/or global factors. Many of these factors are difficult to anticipate and are outside of the Group’s control. If the 
Group’s customers are unable to meet their obligations to the Group when due, then this would increase the Group’s past due 
loan portfolio, require the Group to reserve additional provisions and reduce its net profit/(loss) and capital levels, which might 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
For example, if the Turkish Lira were to depreciate materially against foreign currencies (such as the 30.6% 
depreciation against the U.S. dollar in 2022), then it would be more difficult for the Group’s customers with income primarily 
or entirely denominated in Turkish Lira to repay their foreign currency-denominated loans (e.g., in part due to the recent 
significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira and declining economic growth in Türkiye, some corporate borrowers (including 
some large corporate borrowers) have entered into discussions with Turkish banks in connection with restructuring their loans 
and some of these loans have already been restructured; however, such borrowers might continue to have difficulties supporting 
their debt obligations, particularly if the Turkish Lira depreciates further, which might result in additional NPLs). 
Compounding this risk, and notwithstanding the credit risk policies and procedures that the Group has in place, the 
Group might not correctly assess the creditworthiness of its credit applicants or other counterparties (or their financial conditions 
might change) and, as a result, the Group might suffer material credit losses. If the Group is unable to accurately model the risk 
associated with borrowers, then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. Furthermore, should any large debtor to the Turkish financial system experience financial difficulties, as 
has happened in the recent past, then that might have a negative impact on the Group, including indirectly through having a 
negative impact on the Turkish banking sector. 
The Group’s financial results can be significantly affected by the amount of provisions for expected credit losses. 
Determining the amount of such provisions involves the use of numerous estimates and assumptions. As a result, the level of 
provisions and other reserves that the Group has set aside might prove insufficient and the Group might be required to create 
significant additional provisions and other reserves in future periods. The Group’s NPL ratio changed from 5.4% as of 
31 December 2020 to 4.0% as of 31 December 2021 and then to 3.0% as of 31 December 2022 and the Stage 2 loans as a 
percentage of performing loans changed from 12.0% as of 31 December 2020 to 11.6% as of 31 December 2021 and 9.2% as 
of 31 December 2022. It should be noted that, as a result of March 2020 decisions by the BRSA relating to the government’s 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the length of the period of non-payment before a loan or other receivable is considered 
to be non-performing was temporarily extended through 30 June 2021 and then further extended through 30 September 2021, 
which thus resulted in some loans and other receivables with an overdue amount between 90 and 180 days to remain classified 
as performing (i.e., Stage 2 loans) during this period when they might have been classified as NPLs absent these temporary 
actions (on 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of this temporary rule on 
30 September 2021, it would still apply to loans that were overdue for more than 91 days but not more than 180 days as of 
1 October 2021). This change temporarily reduced recognition of NPLs and, as a result, the Group’s reported NPLs as of 
31 December 2020 might not be indicative of the Group’s asset quality compared to other periods. See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment - Expected Credit Losses.” 
The Group’s exposure to other financial institutions is significant, some of which counterparties might become unable 
to satisfy their obligations to the Group. Such counterparties might become subject to resolution procedures in their home 
jurisdictions, such as under Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879, for certain EU financial institutions 
or the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 for certain UK financial institutions, which procedures might materially negatively 
impact the amount and/or timing of what the Group would receive from a financial counterparty should it be subject to 
resolution. 
The Group’s efforts to mitigate credit risk, including through diversification of its assets and requiring collateral for 
many of its loans, might be insufficient to protect the Group against material credit losses. For example, as described in 
“-Insufficient Collateral” below, if the value of the collateral securing the Group’s credit portfolio is insufficient (including 
through a decline in its value after the original taking of such collateral), then the Group will be exposed to greater credit risk 
(and an increased risk of non-recovery) if related credit exposures fail to perform.

--- Page 44 ---
25 
Loan Concentrations – The Group’s credit portfolio has significant industry and borrower concentrations, particularly in retail 
and SME loans, which renders it susceptible to any deterioration in the financial condition of such industries and borrowers 
Although the Group seeks to maintain diversity within its loan book with respect to industry, customer type, customer 
and loan product, certain concentrations are inherent in the Group’s business. For example, as of 31 December 2022, retail 
loans accounted for 23.3% of the Bank’s loan portfolio (15.6% consumer loans and 7.7% retail credit card loans), loans to 
SMEs (according to the BRSA SME Definition) accounted for 21.7% and the remaining share of the Bank’s loan portfolio 
consisted of loans to corporates (according to the Corporate Definition). 
Retail and SME customers typically have less financial strength than corporate borrowers, and negative developments 
in the Turkish economy might affect retail and SME customers more significantly than large corporate borrowers. On a Bank-
only basis as of 31 December 2022, SMEs (as defined by the BRSA SME Definition) accounted for 15.7% of total NPLs and 
retail loans (which consist of consumer loans, overdrafts and credit cards) accounted for 15.8%, with the remainder constituted 
by loans to corporate borrowers. The Bank’s NPL ratio for retail loans was 2.2%, 1.7% and 2.0%, respectively, as of 
31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 whereas the Bank’s NPL ratio for SME loans was 7.1%, 4.7% and 2.2%, respectively, as of 
such dates. A negative impact on the financial condition of the Group’s retail or SME customers might have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
The Turkish government announced in December 2016 that the Turkish Treasury would provide a guarantee for SME 
loans up to an aggregate amount of TL 250 billion under the Credit Guarantee Fund (Kredi Garanti Fonu) (the “KGF”) 
programme, which aimed to boost economic growth, support high potential companies that have difficulty accessing funding 
due to collateralisation constraints and help Turkish banks to grow by allowing 0% risk weight to be applied to the guaranteed 
portion of these loans. The available amount under this facility was increased by TL 55 billion in February 2018, TL 35 billion 
in May 2018 (to replace KGF-guaranteed loans that had already been repaid), TL 20 billion in January 2019 (for SMEs with 
2017 annual turnover of TL 25 million or less), TL 25 billion in March 2019 (for SMEs with a yearly turnover of TL 125 million 
or less without any industry-specific limitations) and TL 25 billion in June 2019 (for SMEs and non-SMEs). On 30 March 2020, 
in order to address the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the amount available under the KGF programme was 
increased from TL 25 billion to TL 50 billion and the total amount of guarantees that may be given by the KGF was increased 
from TL 250 billion to TL 500 billion (along with increases in the guarantee limits with respect to individual borrower groups). 
On 13 August 2022, the total amount of guarantees that may be given by the KGF was increased from TL 500 billion to TL 1 
trillion. Additional increases have been implemented that are tailored to specific sectors. Banks are assigned certain limits to 
grant these loans and the amount up to 100% of such limit (for both SMEs and non-SMEs) is guaranteed by the Turkish 
Treasury; however, with respect to each such scheme, to the extent that the non-performing loans (calculated in a specific 
manner applicable to the KGF programme resulting in a “compensation upper-limit ratio”) from the loans made under such 
scheme exceed 7% (8%-10% for certain sub-sectors), the relevant bank will bear the risk for the amount of such non-performing 
loans in excess of such level. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank’s total loan disbursements under the KGF programme were 
TL 52.7 billion (of which TL 10.8 billion remained outstanding) and the Bank’s “compensation upper-limit ratio” for the loans 
made under each scheme was less than 7% (or, for the applicable sub-sectors, their limit). To the extent that the “compensation 
upper-limit ratio” of the KGF loans of any scheme exceeds the applicable limit, the Bank would lose the advantages of the KGF 
programme in terms of collections and risk weights. 
With respect to loans to corporate borrowers, concentrations by industry (e.g., construction) or product type (e.g., 
project financings) exist from time to time, including (particularly for project or acquisition financings) potentially large 
individual exposures. 
If a material volume of any loans becomes non-performing or there is a slowdown (or any perception of slowdown) in 
economic conditions related thereto, then this might have a material adverse effect on the asset quality of Turkish banks, 
including the Group. Any such restructuring might also reduce the income of Turkish banks if the debt is restructured with 
terms more favourable to borrowers. In addition, a downturn in any sector or specific borrower to which the Group has 
significant exposure might result in, among other things, a decrease of funds that such customers hold on deposit with the Bank, 
a default on their obligations owed to the Group and/or a need for the Group to increase its provisions in respect of such 
obligations, any of which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
Government Default – The Group has a significant portion of its assets invested in Turkish government obligations, making it 
highly dependent upon the continued credit quality of, and payment of its obligations by, the Turkish government 
The Group has significant exposure to Turkish governmental and state-controlled entities, including the Central Bank. 
As of 31 December 2022, 95.2% of the Bank’s total securities portfolio (18.8% of its total assets and equal to 138.5% of its

--- Page 45 ---
26 
shareholders’ equity) was invested in Turkish government debt securities and an additional 0.47% of the Bank’s total assets 
were used to make loans to Turkish governmental and state-controlled entities (93.7%, 17.6%, 154.0% and 0.79%, respectively, 
as of 31 December 2020 and 93.5%, 14.6%, 155.6% and 0.66%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021). In addition, the Group 
has exposure to the Turkish government through the Group’s participation in financing state-sponsored infrastructure projects 
and the KGF-guaranteed loan programme, which might be susceptible to increased credit risk in the event of weakness in 
Türkiye’s macroeconomic condition or deterioration of the Turkish government’s creditworthiness. In early 2020, the KGF-
guaranteed loan programme was expanded to include retail loans as part of the government’s efforts to address the economic 
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which expansion might increase the credit risk of obligations payable by the Turkish 
government. Furthermore, the Group maintains significant amounts of reserves (including foreign currency reserves) with the 
Central Bank, for which it is subject to the Central Bank’s ability to return such reserves, and is otherwise dependent upon the 
Central Bank. 
Türkiye’s sovereign debt ratings have been subject to various downgrades recently and might be further downgraded. 
For example, on 14 June 2019, Türkiye’s foreign currency long-term credit rating was downgraded to “B1” (with a negative 
outlook) from “Ba3” (with a negative outlook) by Moody’s. On 12 July 2019, Fitch downgraded Türkiye’s long-term foreign 
currency issuer default credit rating to “BB-” (with a negative outlook) from “BB” (with a negative outlook) and long-term 
local currency issuer default credit rating to “BB-” (with a negative outlook) from “BB+” (with a negative outlook). On 
1 November 2019, Fitch revised the outlook of Türkiye from negative to stable, following up on 12 November 2019 with a 
similar outlook change on certain Turkish banks (including the Bank). On 21 February 2020, Fitch affirmed Türkiye’s long-
term foreign currency issuer default rating at “BB-” (with a stable outlook). On 21 August 2020, Fitch revised the outlook on 
Türkiye’s long-term foreign currency issuer default rating from stable to negative. On 11 September 2020, Moody’s further 
reduced Türkiye’s foreign currency long-term credit rating to “B2” (with a negative outlook). On 19 February 2021, Fitch 
revised the outlook on Türkiye’s long-term foreign currency issuer default credit rating from negative to stable; however, the 
outlook was returned to negative on 2 December 2021. On 3 December 2021, Moody’s affirmed Türkiye’s sovereign rating at 
“B2” (with a negative outlook). On 11 February 2022, Fitch downgraded Türkiye’s long-term foreign currency issuer default 
credit rating to “B+” (with a negative outlook), which was followed on 8 July 2022 by a further downgrade to “B” (with a 
negative outlook). On 12 August 2022, Moody’s downgraded Türkiye’s sovereign rating to “B3” (with a stable outlook). Note 
that references to Moody’s and Fitch in this paragraph might refer to the applicable affiliate of Moody’s and Fitch as defined 
herein. 
In addition to any direct losses that the Group might incur, a default, or the perception of increased risk of default, by 
Turkish governmental entities in making payments on their debt or a downgrade in Türkiye’s credit rating would likely have a 
significant negative impact on the value of the government debt held by the Group and the Turkish banking system generally 
and might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Enforcing 
rights against governmental entities might be subject to structural, political or practical limitations. 
Insufficient Collateral – Security interests or loan guarantees provided in favour of the Group might not be sufficient to cover 
any losses in the event of defaults by debtors and might entail long and costly enforcement proceedings 
While certain of the Group’s loans are unsecured, many of the Group’s loans have the benefit of collateral and/or a 
personal guarantee. Accepting collateral and foreclosing on security interests are subject to certain costs and formal limitations 
under applicable law, with enforcement against any type of collateral potentially involving a long and costly procedure under 
Turkish or other applicable law. For example, the Group might have difficulty foreclosing on collateral when debtors default 
on their loans or apply to the courts for concordat proceedings, which might temporarily interrupt enforcement or foreclosure 
proceedings. In addition, the time and costs associated with enforcing security interests might make it uneconomical for the 
Group to pursue such proceedings, adversely affecting the Group’s ability to recover its loan losses, which might have a direct 
impact on the Group’s financial condition and results. 
Deterioration in economic conditions in Türkiye or a decline in the value of certain markets might reduce the value of 
the collateral securing the Group’s loans (and/or the ability of borrowers to post additional collateral), increasing the risk that 
the Group would not be able to recover the full amount of any such loans in a default. If the Group seeks to realise on any such 
collateral, then it might be difficult to find a buyer and/or the collateral might be sold for significantly less than its appraised or 
actual value. 
Market Risks 
The Group is subject to risks that arise from open positions in currency, interest rate and (to a lesser extent) equity 
products, all of which are exposed to general and specific market movements. While the Group seeks to manage its market risk 
exposure through a range of measures (see “Risk Management – Market Risk” for further information), such measures might

--- Page 46 ---
27 
not be successful in mitigating all market risk. The Group’s exposure to market risks might lead to a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Certain of these risks are described below. 
Foreign Exchange and Currency Risk – The Group is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which might have 
a material adverse effect on the Group 
As a significant portion of the Group’s assets and liabilities (including off-balance sheet commitments such as letters 
of credit) is denominated in, or indexed to, foreign currencies (primarily U.S. dollars and euro), the Group is exposed to the 
effects of fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates, which can have a material impact on its business, financial condition 
(including capitalisation) and/or results of operations. These risks are both systemic (e.g., the impact of exchange rate volatility 
on the markets generally, including on the Group’s borrowers) and specific to the Group (e.g., due to the Group’s own net 
currency positions). If the Turkish Lira depreciates, then (when translated into Turkish Lira) the Group would incur currency 
translation losses on its liabilities denominated in (or indexed to) foreign currencies (such as the Group’s U.S. dollar-
denominated long-term loans and other debt) and would experience currency translation gains on its assets denominated in (or 
indexed to) foreign currencies. Furthermore, a significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira might affect the Group’s ability to 
attract customers on such terms or to charge rates indexed to foreign currencies. As a reference, the Turkish Lira depreciated 
against the U.S. dollar by 19.1% in 2020, 43.4% in 2021 and 30.6% in 2022. The overall effect of exchange rate movements 
on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations depends upon the rate of depreciation or appreciation of the Turkish 
Lira against its principal trading and financing currencies. 
The Group seeks to manage the mismatch between its foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities by (among 
other things) matching the volumes and maturities of its foreign currency-denominated loans against its foreign currency-
denominated deposits and other funding or by entering into currency hedges. If the Group is unable to manage this mismatch, 
then volatility in exchange rates might have a negative effect on the value of the Group’s assets and/or lead to increased 
expenses, which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
For example, in recent years, the Bank has had significant excess foreign exchange liquidity as a result of customers’ preference 
to hold foreign exchange-denominated deposits while foreign exchange-denominated lending has been limited due to measures 
to limit foreign exchange lending, slower economic conditions and foreign exchange rate volatility. To support its Turkish Lira-
denominated business and mitigate the high costs of Turkish Lira deposits, the Bank has utilised swap transactions to exchange 
excess liquidity in foreign currencies for Turkish Lira, which (although avoiding additional Turkish Lira deposit costs) increased 
the Bank’s swap costs (which was compounded by market volatility and higher interest rates) and thereby had a negative impact 
on net interest margin (for example, in 2022, such swaps had a 123 basis point negative impact on the Bank’s net interest 
margin). 
In preparing its BRSA Financial Statements, transactions in currencies other than Turkish Lira are recorded at the rates 
of exchange prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At each balance sheet date, monetary items denominated in foreign 
currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on such balance sheet date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are 
denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-
monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated. As a result, the Group’s 
balance sheet and net profit/(loss) are affected by changes in the value of the Turkish Lira with respect to foreign currencies. 
The overall effect of exchange rate movements on the Group’s balance sheet and results of operations primarily depends upon 
the rate of depreciation or appreciation of the Turkish Lira against its principal trading and financing currencies. For example, 
as a result of the depreciation of the Turkish Lira by 30.6% against the U.S. dollar in 2022, the Turkish Lira-equivalent value 
of the Group’s foreign currency-denominated assets, liabilities and capital increased significantly in 2022. 
The share of Turkish Lira-denominated assets and liabilities in the Group’s balance sheet changed from 55.6% and 
44.3%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 to 46.5% and 38.9%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and 58.0% and 50.7%, 
respectively, as of 31 December 2022. The change in 2021 was predominantly due to the depreciation of the Turkish Lira 
whereas the change in 2022 was largely the result of a shift to Turkish Lira-denominated assets and liabilities. In addition, there 
was a 70.1% increase (in Turkish Lira terms) in foreign currency-denominated loans in 2021 followed in 2022 by a further 
increase of 24.1% (in Turkish Lira terms), both due to the depreciation of the Turkish Lira. Accordingly, the growth in total 
loans during 2021 and 2022 was 43.6% and 47.4%, respectively, with these increases principally resulting from increases in 
Turkish Lira-denominated loans and the Turkish Lira-equivalent value of foreign currency-denominated loans. As the 
depreciation of the Turkish Lira leads to an increase in the Turkish Lira-equivalent of the Group’s foreign currency-denominated 
risk-weighted assets, this might adversely affect the Group’s capital adequacy ratios absent a corresponding increase in capital 
or additional risk mitigation measures. 
From a systemic perspective, if the Turkish Lira were to depreciate materially against the U.S. dollar or the euro (which 
represent a significant portion of the foreign currency debt of the Group’s corporate and commercial customers), then it would

--- Page 47 ---
28 
be more difficult for the Group’s customers with income primarily or entirely denominated in Turkish Lira to repay their foreign 
currency-denominated debt (including to the Group) and reduced repayment capacity of such customers might have a material 
negative impact on the Group’s financial condition (including its capitalisation). A number of Turkish borrowers have 
significant amounts of debt denominated in foreign currency and thus are susceptible to this risk and certain foreign currency-
denominated loans in the Turkish market have been (or are in the process of being) restructured. As of 31 December 2022, 
foreign currency-denominated loans (including applicable lease receivables and factoring receivables) comprised 44.0% of the 
Group’s loan portfolio (of which U.S. dollar-denominated obligations were the most significant) (45.0% and 52.4%, respectively, 
as of 31 December 2020 and 2021). 
Compounding the impact of normal market movements, any actions taken by the Central Bank or other authorities to 
intervene in the value of the Turkish Lira (such as via increased interest rates or capital controls) might have a material negative 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. The Central Bank’s monetary policy is subject 
to a number of uncertainties, including global macroeconomic conditions, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and political 
conditions in Türkiye. As global conditions have been volatile in recent years, including as a result of, among other factors, 
expectations regarding slower growth and low commodity and oil prices, monetary policy remains subject to uncertainty. 
Interest Rate Risk – The Group might be negatively affected by volatility in interest rates 
The Group’s results of operations depend significantly upon the level of its net interest income, which is the difference 
between interest income from interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is 
the principal source of income for the Group, contributing 52.8% of the Group’s total operating income and profit/loss from 
associates accounted for using the equity method for 2022 (63.2% and 55.8%, respectively, for 2020 and 2021), and the net 
interest margin (which is measured on a Bank-only basis) was 8.7% in 2022 (5.6% and 5.8%, respectively, in 2020 and 2021). 
As a result, the differential between the average interest rates that the Group charges on interest-earning assets and the average 
interest rates that it accrues on interest-bearing liabilities, and the volume of such assets and liabilities, tend to have the most 
significant impact on the Bank’s results of operations. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group’s control, including monetary policies pursued by 
the Turkish government and domestic and international economic and political conditions, and the Group might be unable to 
take actions to mitigate any adverse effects of interest rate movements. In particular, the Group might be affected by the Central 
Bank’s policies with respect to interest rates and reserve requirements. Changes in market interest rates might affect the spread 
between interest rates charged on interest-earning assets and interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities, thereby affecting 
the Group’s results of operations. 
For example, an increase in interest rates (such as the large increases that the Central Bank implemented in the last 
half of 2020 to combat high inflation and the depreciation of the Turkish Lira) might cause the interest expense on deposits 
(which are typically short-term and repriced frequently) to increase more significantly and/or quickly than interest income on 
loans (which are short-, medium- and long-term), resulting in a potential short-term reduction in net interest income and net 
interest margin. In addition, a significant decline in average interest rates charged on loans to customers that is not fully matched 
by a decrease in interest rates on funding sources, or a significant increase in interest rates on funding sources that is not fully 
matched by a rise in interest rates charged, to the extent such exposures are not hedged, might have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations; however, the impact will depend upon the respective 
repricing of loans and funding (for example, in a time of generally declining interest rates, banks generally benefit for a period 
as deposits reprice more quickly than loan portfolios). 
Although the Group uses various instruments and measures to manage exposures to interest rate risk (see “Risk 
Management – Interest Rate Risk”), these instruments and measures might not protect the Group from the risks of changing 
interest rates. 
Reduction in Earnings on Investment Portfolio – The Group might be unable to sustain the level of earnings on its securities 
portfolio obtained during recent years 
The Group has historically generated a portion of its interest income from its total securities portfolio, with interest 
derived from the Group’s total securities portfolio in 2022 accounting for 32.4% of its total interest income and 21.2% of its 
gross operating income (that is, the sum of interest income, fees and commissions received, dividend income, trading 
income/loss and other operating income with no deductions for interest expense or fee and commission expense) (24.1% and 
17.6%, respectively, in 2020 and 25.2% and 17.9%, respectively, in 2021). The Group also has obtained large realised gains 
from the sale of securities in its available-for-sale portfolio. The CPI-linked securities in the Group’s investment securities

--- Page 48 ---
29 
portfolio provided high real yields compared to other government securities in each of such years, benefitting from the high 
inflation environment, but their impact on the Group’s earnings might vary as inflation rates change. 
While the contribution of income from the Group’s securities portfolio has been significant over recent years, such 
income might not be as large in coming years. As securities in its portfolio are repaid, the Group might not be able to re-invest 
in assets with a comparable return. As such, the Group might experience declining levels of earnings from its securities portfolio. 
If the Group is unable to sustain its level of earnings from its securities portfolio, then this might have a material adverse effect 
on its business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Funding Risks 
Liquidity Risk – The Group might have difficulty borrowing funds on acceptable terms, if at all 
Liquidity risk comprises uncertainties in relation to the Group’s ability, under adverse conditions, to access funding 
necessary to cover obligations to customers, meet payment obligations on time and satisfy regulatory capital requirements. It 
includes (inter alia) the risk of lack of access to funding (other than from the reserves held with the Central Bank and limits 
granted to the Bank by the Central Bank both in Turkish Lira and foreign currency), the risk of unexpected increases in the cost 
of financing and the risk of not being able to structure the maturity dates of the Group’s liabilities reasonably in line with its 
assets (an asset-liability maturity mismatch). The Group’s inability to meet its net funding requirements due to inadequate 
liquidity would likely materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
There can be no assurance that the Group will not experience liquidity issues. In the event that the Group experiences 
liquidity issues, its ability to access certain sources of funding at such time might be negatively impacted by factors that are not 
specific to its operations, such as general market conditions, disruptions of the financial markets or sovereign credit rating 
downgrades. For example, in the case of a global liquidity crisis, wholesale funding would likely become increasingly costly 
and more difficult to obtain for the Group, which might adversely affect borrowing using capital market instruments. 
The Group relies primarily on short-term liabilities in the form of deposits (typically deposits with terms of zero to 30 
days) as its source of funding and has a mix of short-, medium- and long-term assets in the form (inter alia) of retail, commercial 
and corporate loans, mortgages and credit cards, which might result in asset-liability maturity mismatches and liquidity 
problems. The Group’s cash loan-to-deposit ratio was 102.7%, 92.6% and 89.4%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020, 2021 
and 2022. In addition, depositors might withdraw their funds at a rate faster than the rate at which borrowers repay. If the 
Group’s retail customers become or remain unemployed or earn declining amounts, then they might save less or consume more 
of their money deposited with the Group, which might negatively affect the Group’s access to deposit-based funding. Similarly, 
if the Group’s corporate customers face liquidity problems, then they might draw down their deposits with the Group. An 
inability on the Group’s part to access such funds might put the Group’s liquidity at risk and lead the Group to be unable to 
finance its operations and growth plans adequately or within required regulatory limits. 
While the Bank’s principal source of funding comes from deposits, these funds are short-term by nature and thus do 
not enable the Bank to match fund its medium- and long-term assets. In addition, price competition for wholesale deposits has 
made such deposits less attractive. As a result, the Bank seeks to extend the average maturity of its liabilities in order to manage 
the maturity mismatch between assets and liabilities, to manage its liquidity coverage ratio requirements and to provide diversity 
in its funding. The Bank has raised (and likely will seek to continue to raise) longer term funds from syndicated and bilateral 
loans, “future flow” transactions, bond issuances and other transactions, many of which are denominated in foreign currencies. 
The Group’s non-deposit funding was equivalent to 23.3%, 24.2% and 17.4%, respectively, of its assets as of 31 December 
2020, 2021 and 2022. If growth in the Group’s deposit portfolio does not keep pace with growth in its loan portfolio, then the 
Group will become more reliant upon non-deposit funding sources, some of which might create additional risks of their own 
such as increased interest rate mismatches and exposure to volatility in international capital markets. If conditions in the 
international capital markets or interbank lending market, or the Group’s and/or Türkiye’s credit ratings, were to deteriorate, 
then the Group might be unable to secure funding through international sources. 
As noted above, a portion of the Group’s wholesale fundraising is denominated in foreign currencies. The Group’s 
total foreign currency-denominated borrowings (i.e., the sum of foreign currency-denominated funds borrowed, money market 
funds, marketable securities issued and subordinated debt) equalled 18.6%, 18.9% and 13.7%, respectively, of its assets as of 
31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022. While the Group has been successful in extending, at a relatively low cost, the maturity 
profile of its funding base, even during times of volatility in international markets, this might not continue in the future 
(including if investor confidence in Türkiye decreases as a result of political, economic or other factors). Particularly in light of 
the historical volatility of emerging market financings, the Group might have difficulty extending and/or refinancing its existing 
foreign currency-denominated indebtedness, hindering its ability to avoid the interest rate risk inherent in asset-liability maturity

--- Page 49 ---
30 
mismatches. Should these risks materialise, these circumstances might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. These risks might increase as the Group seeks to increase medium- and long-
term lending to its customers, including mortgages and project financings, the funding for much of which is likely to be made 
through borrowings in foreign currency (including refinancing of its foreign currency borrowings). 
A rising interest rate environment (such as that developing in certain markets as a result of increasing inflation) might 
compound the risk of the Group not being able to access funds at favourable rates or at all. If central banks unwind the expansive 
liquidity and quantitative easing programmes that have been provided during the global financial crisis and the COVID-19 
pandemic, steps towards which have commenced, competition among banks and other borrowers for the reduced global liquidity 
might result in increased costs of funding. These and other factors might lead creditors to form a negative view of the Group’s 
liquidity, which might result in lower credit ratings, higher borrowing costs and/or decreased access to funds. 
While the Group aims to maintain at any given time an adequate level of liquidity reserves, strains on liquidity caused 
by any of these factors or otherwise (including as a result of the requirement to repay any indebtedness, whether on a scheduled 
basis or as a result of an acceleration due to a default or other event) might adversely affect the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. 
Access to Capital – The Group might have difficulty raising capital on acceptable terms, if at all 
By law, each of the Bank and the Group is required to maintain certain capital levels and capital adequacy ratios in 
connection with its business, which capital adequacy ratios depend in part upon the level of risk-weighted assets. Any continued 
growth in the Group’s lending (both in absolute terms as well as proportionately in comparison to the Group’s zero risk-
weighted investment in Turkish government securities) will likely result in an increase in the Group’s risk-weighted assets, 
which might adversely affect the Group’s capital adequacy ratios absent a corresponding increase in capital (see “Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Capital Adequacy”). 
Any changes relating to Basel III or any other capital adequacy-related revisions might impact the manner in which 
the Bank and/or the Group calculates its capital ratios and might impose higher capital requirements, which might in turn require 
the Group to raise additional capital and/or reduce its balance sheet to ensure that it has sufficient capital reserves, which might 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Additionally, it is 
possible that the Group’s capital levels might decline due to (inter alia) credit losses, loan provisions, currency fluctuations or 
dividend payments. The Group also might need to raise additional capital to ensure that it has sufficient capital to support 
growth in its assets. Should the Group wish or be required to raise additional capital, it might not be in a position to do so at all 
or at prices that the Group considers to be reasonable. If any or all of these risks materialise, then this might have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity, business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Operational Risks 
Competition in the Turkish Banking Sector – Intense competition in the Turkish banking sector might have a material adverse 
effect on the Group 
The Group faces significant competition from other participants in the Turkish banking sector, including both state-
controlled and private banks in Türkiye as well as many subsidiaries and branches of foreign banks and joint ventures between 
Turkish and foreign shareholders. A small number of these banks dominate the banking industry in Türkiye. As of 30 September 
2022 (according to the Banks Association of Türkiye), the top seven banking groups in Türkiye (including the Group), three of 
which were state-controlled, held 81.58% of the Turkish banking sector’s total loan portfolio in Türkiye, 81.31% of the total 
bank assets in Türkiye and 81.80% of the total deposits in Türkiye (in each case, excluding participation banks and development 
and investment banks). The Bank’s management believes that further entries into the sector by foreign competitors, either 
directly or in collaboration with existing Turkish banks, might increase competition in the market, particularly as foreign 
competitors might have greater resources and more cost-effective funding sources than the Group. 
In particular, the government-controlled institutions (such as T.C. Ziraat Bankası A.Ş. (“Ziraat”), Türkiye Vakıflar 
Bankası T.A.O (“Vakıfbank”) and Halkbank) might have preferential access to low cost deposits (on which such institutions 
pay low or no interest) through “State Economic Enterprises” owned or administered by the Turkish government, which might 
result in a lower cost of funds that cannot be duplicated by private sector banks. Continued expansion by government-controlled 
financial institutions, particularly when combined with ongoing competitive pressures from private financial institutions, might 
put downward pressure on net interest margins.

--- Page 50 ---
31 
If competitors (including increasingly new technology companies) can offer better lending rates to clients, higher 
interest rates on deposits or better customer experiences for services and products, then the Group might (inter alia) lose 
customers or market share, be forced to reduce its margins and/or be forced to seek more expensive sources of funding, any of 
which might adversely affect the Group’s profitability. Increased price competition in the Turkish banking markets through the 
offer of products at significantly lower prices might also affect customer behaviour and loyalty. Any failure to maintain 
customer loyalty or to offer customers a wide range of high quality, competitive products with consistently high levels of service 
might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
In August 2021, the BRSA published the Regulation on Operation Principles of Digital Banks and Banking as a 
Service, which became effective on 1 January 2022 and establishes the regulatory principles for digital-only banks and banking 
as a service businesses. The increasing transition to digital banking, as reflected in this proposed regulation, presents the 
likelihood of greater competition in banking services as such digital-only platforms can be established relatively quickly due to 
their different infrastructure models (e.g., no branches). This new generation of competitors might have lower costs, thereby 
allowing them to offer products and services at prices below those offered by traditional banks such as the Bank. 
The Group’s exposure to intense competition in each of its key areas of operation might, among other things, limit the 
Group’s ability to increase its client base and expand its operations, reduce its asset growth rate and profit margins on services 
it provides and increase competition for investment opportunities. There can be no assurance that the continuation of existing 
levels of competition or increased competition will not have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. 
Dependence upon Banking and Other Licences – Group members might be unable to maintain or secure the necessary licences 
for carrying on their business 
Each of the Bank and, to the extent applicable, each of its subsidiaries has a current Turkish and/or other applicable 
licence for all of its banking and other operations. The Bank’s management believes that the Bank and each of its subsidiaries 
is in compliance with its existing material licence and reporting obligations; nevertheless, if it is incorrect, or if any member of 
the Group were to suffer a loss of a licence, breach the terms of a licence or fail to obtain any further required licences, then 
this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Restrictive Covenants – Restrictive covenants under the Group’s agreements might adversely affect the Group’s operations 
and a breach of any of these covenants might result in the counterparty exercising remedies against the applicable member of 
the Group and/or its properties 
The Group is party to a range of agreements, including in respect of debt raised by the Group, which contain restrictive 
covenants, such as negative pledges, requirements for the maintenance of certain regulatory authorisations and requirements to 
refrain from certain transactions with affiliates. These restrictive covenants might adversely affect the Group’s operations, such 
as its ability to raise funding secured by its properties. In addition, a breach of any of these covenants might result in the 
counterparty exercising remedies against the applicable member of the Group and/or its properties, and such breach and/or 
acceleration might cross-trigger to other agreements of the Group, any of which events might have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. For example, if the Bank is required to prepay a loan, 
then it might need to use a significant amount of its liquidity, sell assets (potentially at a disadvantageous price) and/or reduce 
its business in order to satisfy this unexpected prepayment. 
Estimations – Future events might be different from those reflected in the management assumptions and estimates used in the 
preparation of the Group’s financial statements, which might result in unexpected reductions in profitability 
Pursuant to accounting rules and interpretations, the Group uses certain estimates in preparing its financial statements, 
including in determining expected credit losses and the accounting value of certain assets and liabilities. Should the estimated 
values for such items prove to be materially inaccurate, including as a result of unexpected market movements or external 
developments (in each case, such as relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, the war in Ukraine and the February 2023 
earthquakes), or if the methods by which such values were determined are revised in future accounting rules or interpretations, 
then the Group might experience unexpected reductions in profitability and/or such inaccuracies might otherwise have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. For example, portions of the 
Group’s provisions for loans are determined based upon assumptions about the Turkish economy and thus (particularly if the 
Turkish economy underperforms such assumptions) the Group might have taken inadequate provisions for loans.

--- Page 51 ---
32 
Risk Management – The Group’s efforts to identify, control and manage risk might be inadequate 
In the course of its business activities, the Group is exposed to a variety of risks, including (inter alia) credit risk, 
market risk, liquidity risk and operational risk (each as separately discussed in these “Risk Factors”). Any material deficiency 
in the Group’s risk management or other internal control policies or procedures might expose it to significant risk, which in 
turn might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and/or financial condition. If 
circumstances arise that the Group has not identified or anticipated adequately, if the security of its risk management systems 
is compromised or if its risk policies or procedures have material deficiencies, then the Group’s losses from such risks might 
be greater than expected, which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results 
of operations. In addition, some of the Group’s methods of managing risk are based upon its use of historical data, which might 
not accurately predict future risk exposures. For example, if the Group’s credit risk policies underestimate the negative impact 
of a recession on the value of Turkish real property, then loans secured by Turkish real property might be undercollateralised 
and result in material unexpected losses to the Group. See “Risk Management.” 
International Operations – Adverse changes in the regulatory and economic environment in other jurisdictions in which the 
Group operates might have a material adverse effect on the Group 
While a substantial majority of the Group’s operations are in Türkiye, it also (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) 
maintains operations in countries such as Germany and Russia. The Group’s operations outside of Türkiye are subject to 
differing regulatory environments and domestic economic conditions and require the Group to engage in transactions in relevant 
local currencies such as the euro and Ruble. In addition, certain of these jurisdictions are emerging markets, which might expose 
the Group to risks greater than those associated with more developed markets, including political, economic and social 
instability, uncertainty of local contractual terms and of enforcing terms in disputes before local courts, the introduction of 
exchange or foreign investment controls and the complexities and uncertainties of complying with local regulatory 
requirements. Adverse changes in the regulatory environments, tax and/or other laws, economic and political conditions, 
relevant exchange rates and/or other circumstances in the other jurisdictions in which the Group operates might have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
In particular, the Group’s operations in Russia are subject to elevated risks relating to the geopolitical circumstances 
surrounding Russia’s relationship with the U.S. and European countries, particularly in the context of the Russian invasion of 
Ukraine in February 2022, the related U.S., UK and European sanctions and countervailing Russian measures (see “-Terrorism 
and Conflicts”). 
Operational Risk – The Group might be unable to monitor and prevent losses arising from fraud and/or operational errors or 
disruptions 
The Group employs substantial resources to develop and operate its risk management processes and procedures; 
however, similar to other banking groups, the Group is susceptible to, among other things, fraud by employees, customers or 
other third parties, failure of internal processes and systems (including to detect fraud or unlawful transactions), unauthorised 
transactions by employees and other operational errors (including clerical or record-keeping errors and errors resulting from 
faulty computer or telecommunications systems). The Group’s risk management and expanded control capabilities are also 
limited by the information tools and techniques available to the Group. The Group is also subject to service interruptions from 
time to time caused by third party service providers (such as telecommunications operators) or other service interruptions 
resulting from events such as natural disasters. Such events might result in interruptions to services to the Group’s branches 
and/or impact customer service. In addition, given the Group’s high volume of transactions, fraud or errors might be repeated 
or compounded before they are discovered and rectified. Furthermore, a number of banking transactions are not fully automated, 
which might further increase the risk that human error or employee tampering will result in losses that might be difficult for the 
Group to detect quickly or at all. For example, if the Group’s operational risk control systems do not identify a weakness in the 
Group’s mortgage loan application processing system, then fraud might occur that results in material unexpected losses to the 
Group. If the Group is unable to successfully monitor and control these or any other operational risks, then this might have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation, business, financial condition and/or results of operations. See “Risk 
Management - Operational Risk.” 
Dependence upon Information Technology Systems – The Group’s operations might be adversely affected by interruptions to 
or the improper functioning of its information technology systems 
The Group’s business, financial performance and ability to meet its strategic objectives (including rapid credit 
decisions, product rollout and growth) depend to a significant extent upon the functionality of its information technology (“IT”) 
systems and its ability to increase systems capacity (for example, to support the significant increase in work-from-home

--- Page 52 ---
33 
demands on the Group’s systems resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic). The proper functioning of the Group’s internal 
control, risk management, credit analysis and reporting, accounting, customer service and other IT systems, as well as the 
communication networks between its branches and main data processing centres, are critical to the Group’s business and its 
ability to compete. For example, the Group’s ability to process credit card and other electronic transactions for its customers is 
an essential element of its business. 
Any failure, interruption or breach in security of the Group’s IT systems (including as a result of any cyberattacks, 
phishing, ransomware or other malicious acts) might result in failures or interruptions in the Group’s risk management, general 
ledger, deposit servicing, loan organisation and/or other important operations. Although the Group has developed back-up 
systems and a fully-equipped disaster recovery centre, and might continue some of its operations through the Bank’s branches 
in case of emergency, if the Group’s IT systems failed, even for a short period of time, then it might be unable to serve some or 
all of its customers’ needs on a timely basis and thus might lose business. Likewise, a temporary shutdown of the Group’s IT 
systems might result in costs that are required for information retrieval and verification. In addition, the Group’s failure to 
update and develop its existing IT systems as effectively as its competitors might result in a loss of the competitive advantages 
that the Group believes its IT systems provide. Such failures or interruptions might occur and/or the Group might not adequately 
address them if they do occur. For example, if the Group’s IT technicians do not identify a programming error in the software 
running the Group’s mortgage application software, then fraud might occur that results in material unexpected losses to the 
Group. A disruption (even short-term) to the functionality of the Group’s IT systems, delays or other problems in increasing 
the capacity of the Group’s IT systems or increased costs associated with such systems might have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. For further information on the Group’s IT system, see 
“The Group and its Business – Information Technology.” 
Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing – The Group is subject to risks associated with money laundering or terrorist 
financing 
Although the Group has adopted various policies and procedures, and has put in place systems (including internal 
controls, “know your customer” rules and transaction monitoring), aimed at preventing money laundering and terrorist 
financing, and seeks to adhere to all requirements under Turkish law and international standards aimed at preventing it from 
being used as a vehicle for money laundering or terrorist financing, these policies and procedures might not be completely 
effective. Moreover, to a certain extent, the Group must rely upon correspondent banks to maintain and properly apply their 
own appropriate anti-money laundering, “know your customer” and terrorist financing policies and procedures. If the Group 
does not comply with timely reporting requirements or other anti-money laundering or anti-terrorist financing laws and/or is 
associated with money laundering and/or terrorist financing, then its business, financial condition and/or results of operations 
might be adversely affected, including in manners that significantly exceed the actual value of the underlying transaction. In 
addition, involvement in such activities might carry criminal penalties or regulatory fines and sanctions and might severely 
harm the Group’s reputation, each of which might have a material effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. 
In October 2014, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “OECD”) Working Group on 
Bribery adopted the Phase 3 Report on Implementing the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention. In this report, the OECD Working 
Group expressed concerns about Türkiye’s low level of anti-bribery enforcement and recommended that Türkiye improve its 
efforts to proactively detect, investigate and prosecute allegations of foreign bribery. The OECD Working Group also expressed 
concern regarding certain deficiencies in Türkiye’s corporate liability legislation and enforcement against legal persons and 
made several recommendations to address these concerns. In addition, on 21 October 2021, the Financial Action Task Force 
(the “FATF”) placed Türkiye on the so-called “grey list” of countries in need of elevated supervision of its legal framework for 
combatting terrorism and money laundering. The FATF cited concerns about inadequate supervision of Türkiye’s banking and 
real estate sectors and dealers in gold and precious stones, including having undertaken insufficient prosecutorial efforts against 
violators (including freezing of assets). Consequently, to reflect Türkiye’s progress, the FATF re-rated the country on 
30 November 2021 on some recommendations and changed the rating of four recommendations from partially compliant to 
largely compliant. On 10 May 2022, the FATF re-rated the country and changed the rating of one recommendation from 
partially compliant to compliant and two recommendations from partially compliant to largely compliant. These concerns might 
negatively impact investors’ willingness to invest in Türkiye and/or engage with Turkish banks and changes in Turkish laws 
and practices might arise from these recommendations, both of which might have a material effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations.

--- Page 53 ---
34 
Personnel – The Group’s success depends upon retaining key members of its senior management and its ability to recruit, train 
and motivate qualified personnel 
The Group is dependent upon its senior management to implement its strategy and operate its day-to-day business. In 
addition, corporate, retail and other relationships of members of senior management are important to the conduct of the Group’s 
business. In a rapidly emerging and developing market such as Türkiye, demand for highly trained and skilled staff is very high 
and requires the Group to re-assess continually its compensation and employment policies. If members of the Group’s senior 
management were to leave, particularly if they were to join competitors, then those employees’ relationships that have benefited 
the Group might not continue with the Group. In addition, the Group’s success depends, in part, upon its ability to attract, retain 
and motivate qualified and experienced banking and management personnel. The Group’s failure to recruit and retain necessary 
personnel or manage its personnel successfully might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations. 
Other Group-Related Risks 
Large Shareholders – The interests of the İşbank Personnel Supplementary Pension Fund and the CHP, which together hold a 
majority of the Bank’s outstanding share capital, might not be aligned with the interests of the investors in the Notes 
As of 31 December 2022, 37.31% of the Bank’s shares were held by the İşbank Personnel Supplementary Pension 
Fund and 28.09% (Atatürk’s shares) were owned by the Republican People’s Party (the “CHP”). The interests of such 
shareholders might not be aligned with the interests of the investors in the Notes. 
Government officials (including the President) have in recent years made some comments regarding a potential transfer 
of Atatürk’s shares (see “Ownership”) to the Turkish Treasury. After Mustafa Kemal Atatürk passed away, his shares in the 
Bank were transferred to the CHP in accordance with his testamentary will. On 17 September 2018, the Bank made a public 
announcement in Türkiye stating that: (a) under Atatürk’s will, any dividends on these shares are paid to two non-profit 
organisations, the Turkish Language Institute and the Turkish Historical Society, and (b) the İşbank Personnel Supplementary 
Pension Fund, which acts on behalf of the active and retired employees of the Bank, appoints the majority of the members of 
the Board of Directors. 
Audit Qualification – The auditor’s reports in relation to the Group’s and the Bank’s financial statements have included a 
qualification and reports in relation to future financial statements might include similar qualifications 
The independent auditor’s report included in each of the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein 
was qualified with respect to free provisions that were provided by the Bank’s management. For example, such report in the 
Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 states that the qualification was 
the result of a free provision being provided by the Bank’s management for “the possible effects of the negative circumstances 
which may arise from the possible changes in the economy and market conditions,” which does not meet the criteria of Turkish 
Accounting Standards 37 (“Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets”). See also the auditor’s report included 
in each of the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein. Similar qualifications might be included in the 
corresponding audit or review reports for future fiscal periods. 
For the Group, these free provisions amounted to: (a) TL 2,875 million as of 31 December 2020, reflecting a TL 1,750 
million increase in additional provisions during 2020, (b) TL 4,075 million as of 31 December 2021, reflecting a TL 1,200 
million increase in additional provisions during 2021, and (c) TL 8,475 million as of 31 December 2022, reflecting a TL 4,400 
million increase in additional provisions during 2022. The Group’s capital adequacy ratios and net profit/(loss) might otherwise 
be higher in the periods in which such reserves are established and lower in the periods in which such reserves are reversed. 
Participations – The Bank is exposed to risks relating to its equity investments 
The Bank maintains equity participations in companies in various sectors, including financial services and non-
financial services in sectors such as glass, software and health. While such investments have historically had an aggregate 
positive impact on the Group’s financial condition: (a) any particular existing or future investment, or such investments in the 
aggregate, and/or (b) any divestitures, might result in losses to the Group, which might be material. In addition, the level of 
profit/loss accounted for using the equity method by the Bank from such investments (which totalled TL 21,791 million in 
2022) might vary from year to year and affect the Bank’s net income accordingly.

--- Page 54 ---
35 
Absence of Governmental Support – The Group’s non-deposit obligations are not guaranteed by the Turkish or any other 
government and there might not be any governmental or other support in the event of illiquidity or insolvency 
The non-deposit obligations of the Group are not guaranteed or otherwise supported by the Turkish or any other 
government. While rating agencies and others have occasionally included in their analysis of certain banks a view that 
systemically important banks would likely be supported by the banks’ home governments in times of illiquidity and/or 
insolvency (examples of which sovereign support have been seen in other countries during the global financial crisis), this 
might not be the case for Türkiye in general or the Group in particular. Investors in the Notes should not place any reliance 
upon the possibility of the Group being supported by any governmental or other entity at any time, including by providing 
liquidity or helping to maintain the Group’s operations during periods of material market volatility. See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment - The Savings Deposit Insurance Fund (SDIF)” for information on the limited government-provided insurance for 
the Bank’s deposit obligations. 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
While the risks described above are important with respect to the Issuer’s ability to make payments due in respect of 
the Notes, there are additional risks that should be considered by investors in the Notes, including risks relating to the nature of 
the structure of the Notes and general risks relating to investments in the Notes (both of which are set out in the corresponding 
sub-category below). Such risks that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on investors in the 
Notes issued with the terms and conditions set out in this Base Prospectus (the “Conditions”) are set out in this category of risk 
factors; it being understood that the following does not address any specific conditions of, or circumstances relating to, any 
particular investor (including such investor’s own tax, regulatory or other circumstances) but rather to investors generally 
speaking. 
Risks Relating to the Structure of the Notes 
The Notes present investors with certain risks that are applicable to investments in senior unsecured obligations issued 
by the Issuer. Such risks that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on investors in the Notes are 
set out in this section. 
Unsecured Obligations – The Notes will constitute unsecured obligations of the Bank and will not be guaranteed 
The Bank’s obligations under the Notes will (subject to Condition 4) constitute unsecured obligations of the Bank and 
no other member of the Group has guaranteed, or will have any liability for, the Notes (and the BRSA Financial Statements of 
the Group incorporated into (and discussed in) this Base Prospectus should be understood accordingly as the Bank might not 
have the ability to access the assets of other members of the Group, including receiving dividends from such other members of 
the Group). The ability of the Bank to pay such obligations will depend upon, among other factors, its liquidity, overall financial 
strength and ability to generate asset flows, which might be affected by (inter alia) the circumstances described in these “Risk 
Factors.” 
Early Redemption – The Notes may be subject to early redemption in certain circumstances 
In accordance with Condition 8, the Issuer will, in certain circumstances described below, have the right to redeem 
Notes prior to their maturity date. This optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market price of an investment in the 
Notes because, until the end of the period in which the Issuer may elect so to redeem such Notes, the market price of an 
investment in such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. In addition, an 
investor might not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the then-applicable interest 
rate (the “Interest Rate”) on the Notes being redeemed and might only be able to do so at a significantly lower interest rate (or 
through taking on a greater credit risk). Reinvestment risk should be an important element of an investor’s consideration in 
investing in the Notes.  
Taxation. Unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem 
all (but not some only) of a Series of Notes on any Payment Business Day (including in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes) at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to their maturity date stated in 
the applicable Final Terms (for each Series, its “Maturity Date”), if: (a) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws of a Relevant Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official interpretation of the laws of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes effective after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
most recently issued Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes (which will, for the avoidance of doubt, be the date on

--- Page 55 ---
36 
which the applicable Final Terms is signed by the Issuer), on the next Interest Payment Date, the Issuer would be 
required to: (i) pay Additional Amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 and (ii) make any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed, assessed or levied by (or on behalf of) any Relevant Jurisdiction 
at a rate in excess of the applicable prevailing rates on the date on which agreement is reached to issue the most recently 
issued Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes, and (b) such requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it. Upon such a redemption, investors in such Series of Notes might not be able to 
reinvest the amounts received at a rate that will provide an equivalent rate of return as their investment in the redeemed 
Notes and, in the case of any Floating Rate Notes, the redemption might take place on any day during an Interest 
Period. See Condition 8.2. 
The withholding tax rate on interest payments in respect of bonds (such as the Notes) issued outside of 
Türkiye by corporations that are tax residents of Türkiye varies depending upon the original maturity of such bonds as 
specified under the Council of Ministers’ Decrees No. 2009/14592, 2009/14593 and 2009/14594, each dated 
12 January 2009, as amended by Decree No. 2010/1182 dated 20 December 2010, Decree No. 2011/1854 dated 
26 April 2011 and Presidential Decree No. 842 dated 20 March 2019 (together, the “Tax Decrees”). Pursuant to the 
Tax Decrees, the withholding tax rates are set according to the original maturity of debt instruments issued abroad as 
follows: (a) 7% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of less than one year, (b) 3% withholding 
tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of at least one year and less than three years and (c) 0% withholding 
tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of three years or more. 
Issuer Call. If “Issuer Call” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together (if 
applicable) with all interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. To the 
extent Notes have such an optional redemption feature, the Issuer can be expected to redeem such Notes when its cost 
of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on such Notes. In addition, in the case of any Floating Rate Notes, 
redemption might take place on any day during an Interest Period. See Condition 8.3. 
Effective Subordination – Claims of Noteholders under the Notes will be effectively subordinated to those of certain other 
creditors 
While Notes issued with the Conditions will rank pari passu with all of the Bank’s other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness, the Notes will be effectively subordinated to the Bank’s secured indebtedness and securitisations, if any, to the 
extent of the value of the assets securing such transactions, and will be subject to certain preferential obligations under Turkish 
law (including, without limitation, liabilities that are preferred by reason of reserve and/or liquidity requirements required by 
law to be maintained by the Bank with the Central Bank, claims of individual depositors with the Bank to the extent of any 
amount that such depositors are not fully able to recover from the SDIF, claims that the SDIF might have against the Bank and 
claims that the Central Bank might have against the Bank with respect to certain loans made by it to the Bank). In addition: (a) 
creditors of the Bank benefitting from collateral provided by the Bank will have preferential rights with respect to such collateral 
(e.g., creditors in a covered bond programme) and (b) creditors of a foreign branch of the Bank might have preferential rights 
with respect to the assets of such branch. Any such preferential claims might reduce the amount recoverable by the Noteholders 
on any dissolution, winding up or liquidation of the Bank and might result in an investor in the Notes losing all or some of its 
investment. 
Change of Interest Basis – If a Series of Notes includes a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or vice versa, then this might affect the secondary market and the market price of an investment in such Notes 
Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. 
Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis with respect to a Series of Notes, might 
affect the secondary market and the market price of investments in such Notes as the change of interest basis might result in a 
lower interest return for investors. Where Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on such Notes might be 
less favourable than then-prevailing spreads on comparable securities tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time might be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, 
the fixed rate might be lower than then-prevailing rates on those Notes and might affect the market price of an investment in 
such Notes.

--- Page 56 ---
37 
Settlement Currency – In certain circumstances, investors might need to open a bank account in the Specified Currency of their 
Notes, payment might be made in a currency other than as elected by a Noteholder or the currency in which payment is made 
might affect the value of an investment in the Notes or such payment to the relevant Noteholder 
In the case of Turkish Lira-denominated Notes held other than through DTC, unless “USD Payment Election” is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an election to receive payments in U.S. dollars as provided in 
Condition 7.8 is made, holders of such Notes would need to have or open (and maintain) a Turkish Lira-denominated bank 
account, and no assurance can be given that Noteholders will be able to do so either inside or outside of Türkiye. For so long 
as such Notes are in global form, any Noteholder who does not maintain such a bank account will be unable to transfer Turkish 
Lira funds (whether from payments on, or the proceeds of any sale of, such Notes) from its account at a clearing system to 
which any such payment is made. 
Under Condition 7.8, if the Fiscal Agent receives cleared funds from the Bank in respect of Turkish Lira-denominated 
Notes held other than through DTC after the relevant time on the Relevant Payment Date, then the Fiscal Agent will use 
reasonable efforts to pay any U.S. dollar amounts that Noteholders have elected to receive in respect of such funds as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter. If, for illegality or any other reason, it is not possible for the Fiscal Agent to purchase U.S. 
dollars with any Turkish Lira funds received, then the relevant payments in respect of such Notes will be made in Turkish Lira. 
As any currency election in respect of any payment to be made under such Turkish Lira-denominated Notes for the purposes of 
Condition 7.8 is irrevocable: (a) its exercise might (at least temporarily) affect the liquidity of the applicable Notes, (b) a 
Noteholder would not be permitted to change its election notwithstanding changes in exchange rates or other market conditions 
and (c) if the Fiscal Agent cannot, for any reason, effect the conversion of the amount paid by the Issuer in Turkish Lira, then 
Noteholders will receive the relevant amount in Turkish Lira. 
For Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars that are held through DTC, if a Noteholder 
wishes to receive payment in such Specified Currency, then it would need to have or open and maintain a bank account in such 
Specified Currency. Any Noteholder who does not maintain such a bank account will be unable to receive payments on such 
Notes in the Specified Currency. Absent an affirmative election to receive such payments in the Specified Currency, the 
Exchange Agent will convert any such payment made by the Issuer in the Specified Currency into U.S. dollars and the holders 
of such Notes will receive payment in U.S. dollars through DTC’s normal procedures. See Condition 7.9. 
Noteholders will have no recourse to the Bank, any Agent or any other Person for any reduction in value to the holder 
of any relevant Notes or any payment made in respect of such Notes as a result of such payment being made in the Specified 
Currency or in accordance with any currency election made by that holder, including as a result of any foreign exchange rate 
spreads, conversion fees or commissions resulting from any exchange of such payment into any currency other than the 
Specified Currency. Such exchange, and any fees and commissions related thereto, or payment made in the Specified Currency 
might result in a Noteholder receiving an amount that is less than the amount that such Noteholder might have obtained had it 
received the payment in the Specified Currency and converted such payment in an alternative manner or if payment had been 
made in accordance with the relevant currency election. 
Furthermore, any claim against the Bank that is denominated in a currency other than Turkish Lira would, in the event 
of the bankruptcy of the Bank, only be payable in Turkish Lira. The relevant exchange rate for determining the Turkish Lira-
equivalent amount of any such claim would be the Central Bank’s exchange rate for the purchase of the relevant currency that 
is effective on the date the relevant court decides on bankruptcy of the Bank in accordance with the applicable laws of Türkiye. 
Benchmarks Uncertainty – The regulation, reform and/or replacement of “benchmarks” might adversely affect the value of 
investments in Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Certain interest rates and indices that are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as EURIBOR) are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory reforms. Some of these reforms are already effective (for example, in the case of 
EURIBOR) while others are still to be implemented. Any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, might increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Accordingly, the implementation of any benchmark-
related reforms might, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the benchmark and/or cause such benchmark to perform differently than in the past. In addition, a 
benchmark subject to a reform proposal might disappear entirely or result in other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequences might have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it: (a) requires

--- Page 57 ---
38 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (b) prevents certain uses by EU-supervised entities (as defined in Article 3(1)(17) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation might have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of such benchmark change(s) during the term of such Notes in order to comply 
with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes might, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the applicable benchmark. 
European Money Markets Institute, as the registered benchmark administrator of EURIBOR, shifted in 2019 from a 
quote-based methodology of calculating EURIBOR to a hybrid methodology that is based upon contributions of individual 
panel banks that submit transaction-based data. In its publication of 15 February 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
recommended that, in respect of any events resulting in a cessation of EURIBOR or if EURIBOR for whatever reasons would 
no longer be representative of the underlying market it purports to measure, EURIBOR be replaced with the Euro Short-term 
Rate (referred to as “€STR”), which is a risk-free rate that has been published by the ECB since 2 October 2019. The euro risk 
free-rate working group for the euro area has also published a set of guiding principles and high level recommendations for 
fallback provisions in (inter alia) new euro-denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. These guiding 
principles indicate (inter alia) that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
might increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates (with the recommendation for the EURIBOR fallback 
rate for floating-rate notes to be based upon a backward-looking €STR rate, adjusted in relation to the term of the applicable 
securities and an applicable spread adjustment). 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether and to what extent certain benchmarks will be supported going 
forward. This might cause a benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past, and might have other consequences 
that cannot be predicted, including: (a) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
benchmark, (b) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (c) leading to the disappearance 
of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations relating to benchmarks might have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any investment in Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Condition 6.7 provides for certain fallback arrangements (the “benchmark discontinuation provisions”) in the event 
that SONIA, SOFR, EURIBOR, TLREF, ROBOR, PRIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR, NIBOR, WIBOR, CNH HIBOR or any other 
relevant benchmark is discontinued or no longer published or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs, including the possibility 
that the Interest Rate on the applicable Notes could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and, 
in either case, as adjusted by reference to an Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as applicable. With 
respect to the benchmark rates for Notes (other than Notes that reference SOFR for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Condition 6.7(II) as being applicable), to the extent that the relevant benchmark is discontinued or no longer published or a 
Benchmark Event otherwise occurs with respect thereto, and no alternative, successor or replacement reference rate is identified 
or selected in accordance with the benchmark discontinuation provisions, then the Interest Rate on the applicable Notes will be 
determined by the fallback provisions provided for under Condition 6.2(b); however, such provisions, being dependent in part 
upon the provision by reference banks, might not operate as intended depending upon market circumstances and the availability 
of interest rate information at the relevant time and might in certain circumstances result in the effective application of a fixed 
rate based upon the rate that applied in the previous period when any relevant benchmark was available, in effect resulting in 
such Notes becoming fixed rate notes. Any of these alternative methods might result in interest payments that are lower than or 
that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that would have been made on the applicable Notes if any relevant 
benchmark were available in their current form. Additionally, if any relevant benchmark rate is discontinued or no longer 
published, then there can be no assurance that the applicable fallback provisions under any related swap agreements would 
operate so as to ensure that the benchmark rate used to determine payments under any related swap agreements is the same as 
that used to determine interest payments under the applicable Notes. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions or the Agency Agreement, the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders is not required in the case of amendments to the Conditions pursuant to the benchmark 
discontinuation provisions to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate(s) or amount of interest or the basis for calculating 
any Interest Amount in respect of the applicable Notes or for any other variation of the Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement 
required to be made in the circumstances described in the benchmark discontinuation provisions where the Issuer has delivered 
to the Calculation Agent a certificate in the form and manner required by the benchmark discontinuation provisions. Any such 
amendment made pursuant to the benchmark discontinuation provisions might have unexpected commercial consequences and

--- Page 58 ---
39 
there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder or Couponholder, any such amendment 
will be favourable to each Noteholder or Couponholder. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the 
involvement of the Issuer and/or an Independent Advisor in accordance with the benchmark discontinuation provisions, the 
relevant benchmark discontinuation provisions might not operate as intended at the relevant time. More generally, any of the 
above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant benchmark might have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the applicable Notes. No assurance may be provided 
that relevant changes will not be made to SONIA, SOFR, EURIBOR, TLREF, ROBOR, PRIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR, NIBOR, 
WIBOR, CNH HIBOR or any other relevant benchmark and/or that such benchmarks will continue to exist. Investors should 
consider these matters and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed by benchmark reforms and 
investigations when making their investment decision with respect to the Notes. 
Any of the factors above and their consequences might have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, value 
of and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisors and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the current uncertainty related to the discontinuation of benchmarks, the benchmark discontinuation provisions set 
out in Condition 6.7 and the Benchmarks Regulation in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or 
referencing a benchmark. 
SOFR – The use of SOFR as a benchmark is subject to various uncertainties 
On 25 April 2019, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee announced its final recommendations for fallback 
provisions for floating rate notes that set their interest rates based upon the U.S. dollar London interbank offer rate (“USD 
LIBOR”), including the use of SOFR. As SOFR is a new benchmark with limited historical use in the international capital 
markets, its impact and development are uncertain. These uncertainties include the following: 
The composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of USD LIBOR and there is no 
guarantee that SOFR is a comparable substitute for USD LIBOR. The composition and characteristics of SOFR are 
not the same as those of USD LIBOR. SOFR is a broad U.S. Treasury “repo” financing rate that represents overnight 
secured funding transactions, which means that SOFR is fundamentally different from USD LIBOR in at least two key 
manners. Firstly, SOFR is a secured rate while USD LIBOR is an unsecured rate. Secondly, SOFR is an overnight rate 
while USD LIBOR has represented interbank funding over different maturities. As a result, there can be no assurance 
that SOFR will perform in the same way as USD LIBOR would have at any time, including (without limitation) as a 
result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, 
political, regulatory, judicial or other events. For example, since publication of SOFR began in April 2018, changes in 
SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than changes in comparable benchmark or other market rates (including 
USD LIBOR). 
Because SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as administrator of SOFR, based upon 
data received from other sources, the Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication; in 
addition, there can be no assurance that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes. SOFR is published by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (the “FRBNY”) and is intended to be a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash 
overnight collateralised by U.S. Treasury securities. The FRBNY reports that SOFR includes all trades in the “Broad 
General Collateral Rate” plus bilateral U.S. Treasury “repo” transactions cleared through the delivery-versus-payment 
service offered by the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (the “FICC”), a subsidiary of The Depository Trust & 
Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”). SOFR is filtered by the FRBNY to remove a portion of the foregoing transactions 
considered to be “specials.” According to the FRBNY, “specials” are repos for specific-issue collateral that take place 
at cash-lending rates below those for general collateral repos because cash providers are willing to accept a lesser 
return on their cash in order to obtain a particular security. 
The FRBNY reports that SOFR is calculated as a volume-weighted median of transaction-level tri-party repo 
data collected from The Bank of New York Mellon, which currently acts as the clearing bank for the tri-party repo 
market, as well as “General Collateral Finance Repo” transaction data and data on bilateral U.S. Treasury repo 
transactions cleared through the FICC’s delivery-versus-payment service. The FRBNY notes that it obtains 
information from DTCC Solutions LLC, an affiliate of DTCC.

--- Page 59 ---
40 
The FRBNY currently publishes SOFR on each of its business days on its website at 
https://apps.newyorkfed.org/markets/autorates/sofr. The FRBNY states on its publication page for SOFR that use of 
SOFR is subject to important disclaimers, limitations and indemnification obligations, including that the FRBNY (or 
a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision 
practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. 
Because SOFR is published by the FRBNY based upon data received from other sources, the Issuer has no 
control over its determination, calculation or publication. In addition, there can be no assurance that SOFR will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in SOFR-
linked securities. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, then such change might result in a reduction 
of the amount of interest payable on SOFR-linked securities, which might adversely affect the market price of an 
investment in such SOFR-linked securities. 
As noted above, the FRBNY started publishing SOFR in April 2018, and the SOFR Index began on 2 March 
2020, and, therefore, each has a very limited history. The FRBNY also publishes historical indicative SOFRs dating 
back to 2014, but the future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based upon historical performance. Such 
historical indicative data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Investors should not rely 
upon such historical indicative data or upon any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the future 
performance of SOFR. Since the initial publication of SOFR, changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile 
than changes in comparable benchmark or other market rates (including USD LIBOR) and SOFR over the term of any 
Series of SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes might bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative 
data. In addition, the return on and value of SOFR-linked securities might fluctuate more than floating rate debt 
securities that are linked to less volatile rates. Changes in the levels of SOFR will affect Compounded SOFR and the 
SOFR Index and, therefore, the return on any related SOFR-linked Notes and the trading price of such Notes but it is 
impossible to predict whether such levels will rise or fall. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that Compounded 
SOFR or SOFR will be positive. 
SOFR might fail to gain market acceptance. SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives 
and other financial contracts as an alternative to USD LIBOR in part because it is considered representative of general 
funding conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market; however, as a rate based upon transactions secured by 
U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with 
the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This might mean that market participants would not consider SOFR 
a suitable substitute or successor for all of the purposes for which USD LIBOR historically has been used (including, 
without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which might, in turn, lessen 
market acceptance of SOFR. Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free 
rates (such as SOFR) as reference rates in the capital markets. The use of the SOFR Index or the specific formula for 
the Compounded SOFR rate used in any relevant Notes might not be widely adopted by other market participants, if 
at all. If the market adopts a different calculation method, then that might adversely affect the market value of 
investments in any SOFR-linked Notes. 
In addition, an established trading market for SOFR-linked securities might never develop or, if developed, 
might not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities that are linked to SOFR, such as the spread over the base 
rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, might evolve over time and, as a result, the market price of an investment 
in SOFR-linked securities might be lower than those of later-issued debt securities that are linked to SOFR. Similarly, 
if SOFR does not prove to be widely used in debt securities that are similar or comparable to the Notes, then the market 
price of an investment in SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes might be lower than that of debt securities that are linked 
to rates that are more widely used. An investor in SOFR-linked Notes might not be able to sell their investment in such 
Notes at all or at a price that will provide such investor a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market and, thus, such investor might suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk with respect 
to its investment in such Notes. 
The calculation of interest might not accurately reflect an investor’s cost of funding. The interest payable on 
any Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as SOFR Index will 
be based upon Compounded SOFR, which is calculated using the SOFR Index published by the FRBNY according to 
the specific formula described under Condition 6.2(b)(v), not the SOFR rate published on or in respect of a particular 
date during any Interest Period or an arithmetic average of SOFR rates during such period. For this and other reasons, 
the interest rate on any such Notes during any Interest Period will not necessarily be the same as the interest rate on 
other SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest rate. Furthermore, if 
the SOFR rate in respect of a particular date during an Interest Period is negative, then its contribution to the SOFR

--- Page 60 ---
41 
Index will be less than one, resulting in a reduction to Compounded SOFR used to calculate the interest payable on 
the relevant Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. 
Under Condition 6.7(II), if a particular replacement rate cannot be determined for Floating Rate Notes linked 
to SOFR for which the applicable Final Terms specify Condition 6.7(II) as being applicable, then the next-available 
replacement rate will apply. In addition, such Condition expressly authorises the Issuer to make certain adjustments to 
the replacement rate as are necessary to reflect the adoption of the replacement rate, substantially consistent with 
market practice, without the consent or approval of the Noteholders. The application of these adjustments might result 
in adverse consequences to the amount of interest payable on such Notes, which might adversely affect the return on, 
value of and/or market for an investment in such Notes. 
Furthermore, interest on SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes is only capable of being determined at the end of 
the relevant Interest Period and immediately or shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It might be difficult 
for investors in SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes to estimate reliably the amount of interest that will be payable on 
such securities, and some investors might be unable or unwilling to trade such securities without changes to their 
information technology systems, both of which might adversely impact the liquidity of such securities. This same lack 
of advanced notice of the amount of an interest payment would also apply upon an acceleration after an Event of 
Default. 
The SOFR Index Benchmark Replacement is uncertain and any replacement is likely to be a relatively new 
market index. If the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as SOFR Index and the Issuer determines 
that a Benchmark Event for SOFR and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred before the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination of the applicable Benchmark on any date, then the Issuer will determine a 
Benchmark Replacement in accordance with the benchmark transition provisions described in Condition 6.7(II). After 
such an event, interest on the relevant Notes will no longer be determined by reference to the applicable Benchmark 
but instead will be determined by reference to the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
The determination of a Benchmark Replacement, the calculation of the interest rate on the relevant Notes by 
reference to a Benchmark Replacement (including the application of a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment), any 
implementation of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and any other determinations, decisions or elections 
that may be made under the terms of such Notes in connection with a Benchmark Event for SOFR might adversely 
affect the return on, value of and/or market for an investment in such Notes. Any Benchmark Replacement will likely 
be a relatively new market index and might itself be thereafter altered or discontinued. 
The SOFR Index might be modified or discontinued and Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as SOFR Index might bear interest by reference to a rate other than 
Compounded SOFR, which might adversely affect the value of an investment in any such Notes. The SOFR Index is 
published by the FRBNY based upon data received by it from sources other than the Issuer and the Issuer has no 
control over the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of the SOFR Index. 
There can be no assurance, particularly given its relatively recent introduction, that the SOFR Index will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in any relevant 
Notes. 
If the manner in which the SOFR Index is calculated, including the manner in which SOFR is calculated, is 
changed, then that change might result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on any relevant Notes and/or 
the value of and/or market for an investment in such Notes. In addition, the FRBNY may withdraw, modify or amend 
the published SOFR Index or SOFR data in its sole discretion and without notice. The interest rate for any Interest 
Period will not be adjusted for any modifications or amendments to the SOFR Index or SOFR data that the FRBNY 
may publish after the interest rate for that Interest Period has been determined. 
SONIA – The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Notes specifies that the interest rate for such Notes will be 
determined by reference to the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), interest will be determined on the basis of 
Compounded Daily SONIA (as defined in Condition 6.2(b)(iii)) by the Calculation Agent or, if the Calculation Method is 
specified as being “Compounded Index Rate,” by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index. Compounded Daily SONIA 
differs from the Sterling London interbank offer rate (“Sterling LIBOR”) in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) that Compounded Daily SONIA is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas Sterling 
LIBOR has been expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and incorporating a credit risk-element based upon inter-

--- Page 61 ---
42 
bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that Sterling LIBOR and SONIA might behave materially differently as 
interest reference rates for Notes. The use of SONIA as a reference rate for debt instruments is developing, and is subject to 
change, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the 
issuance and trading of debt securities referencing SONIA. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA should be aware that the 
market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to 
Sterling LIBOR. For example, the SONIA Compounded Index has not been published until August 2020 and, accordingly, the 
Compounded Daily SONIA derived from the SONIA Compounded Index is not a rate commonly used in the market for 
calculating interest rates (including, pre-August 2020, floating rate notes that reference SONIA). In the context of backwards-
looking SONIA rates, market participants and relevant working groups (including ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, 
Refinitiv and FTSE Russell) have developed forward-looking “term” SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the 
market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term by reference, primarily, to SONIA Overnight 
Index Swap quotes provided in interdealer central limit order books and, where such data is unavailable, subject to a waterfall 
of alternative data). The adoption of SONIA has already seen component inputs into Sterling swap rates or other composite 
rates transferring from Sterling LIBOR or another reference rate to SONIA. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set out 
in Condition 6.2(b)(iii) as applicable to Notes referencing a SONIA rate. In addition, the Issuer may in the future issue Notes 
referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA-
referenced Notes issued by it. The continuing development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for the 
capital markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, might result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or might otherwise affect the market price of any 
SONIA-referenced Notes from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes that reference Compounded Daily SONIA is only capable of being determined 
immediately or shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It might be difficult for investors in Notes that reference 
Compounded Daily SONIA to estimate reliably the amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes, and some investors 
might be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their information technology systems, both of which might 
adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, if Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA become due and payable 
as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 11, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date, then the Interest Rate payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined immediately 
or shortly prior to the date on which such Notes become due and payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the eurobond market might differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets 
might impact any hedging or other financial arrangements that they might put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of investments in Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA. 
As SONIA and the SONIA Compounded Index are published by the Bank of England based upon data from other 
sources, the Issuer has no control over their determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that SONIA 
and the SONIA Compounded Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to 
the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA. If the manner in which SONIA and/or the SONIA 
Compounded Index is calculated is changed, then that change might result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on 
the relevant Notes and the trading prices of investments in such Notes. Furthermore, to the extent the SONIA Compounded 
Index is no longer published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined using the alternative methods described in Condition 6.2(b)(iii). Such alternative methods might result in interest 
payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on such 
Notes if SONIA and/or the SONIA Compounded Index had been provided by the Bank of England in its current form. In 
addition, the use of such alternative methods might also result in a fixed Interest Rate being applied to the relevant Notes. 
Since SONIA is a relatively new market index, Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA might have no established 
trading market when issued and an established trading market might never develop or might not be very liquid. Market terms 
for debt securities indexed to SONIA, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, might evolve over 
time and, as a result, the market price of an investment in SONIA-linked securities might be lower than those of later-issued 
debt securities that are linked to SONIA. Similarly, if SONIA does not prove to be widely used in debt securities that are similar 
or comparable to the Notes, then the market price of an investment in SONIA-linked Floating Rate Notes might be lower than 
that of debt securities that are linked to rates that are more widely used. An investor in SONIA-linked Notes might not be able

--- Page 62 ---
43 
to sell their investment in such Notes at all or at a price that will provide such investor a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market and, thus, such investor might suffer from increased from increased pricing volatility 
and market risk with respect to its investment in such Notes. 
Accordingly, an investment in Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA entails significant risks not associated with 
similar investments in conventional debt securities. Any investor should ensure that it understands the nature of the terms of 
such Notes and the extent of its exposure to risk and that it considers the suitability of such Notes as an investment in the light 
of its own circumstances and financial condition. An investor should consult its own professional advisors about the risks 
associated with investment in Notes that reference SONIA and the suitability of investing in such Notes in light of its particular 
circumstances. 
TLREF –The use of TLREF as a benchmark is subject to various uncertainties 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Notes specifies that the interest rate for such Notes will be 
determined by reference to the Turkish Lira Overnight Reference Rate (“TLREF”), interest will be determined in respect of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period by reference to the BIST TLREF Index and the relevant published TLREF Index thereon on 
the relevant TLREF Interest Determination Date. TLREF differs from the Turkish Lira Interbank Offer Rate (“TRLIBOR”) in 
a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that TLREF is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free 
overnight rate, whereas TRLIBOR has been expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and incorporating a credit risk-
element based upon inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that TRLIBOR and TLREF might behave materially 
differently as interest reference rates for Notes. The use of TLREF as a reference rate for debt instruments is developing, and 
is subject to change, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of debt securities referencing TLREF. Accordingly, prospective investors in any 
Notes referencing TLREF should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to TLREF as a reference rate in the 
capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to TRLIBOR. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of TLREF that differs significantly from that set out 
in Condition 6.2(b)(ix) as applicable to Notes referencing TLREF. In addition, the Issuer may in the future issue Notes 
referencing TLREF that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous TRLIBOR-
referenced Notes issued by it. The continuing development of TLREF as an interest reference rate for the capital markets, as 
well as continued development of TLREF-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, 
might result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or might otherwise affect the market price of any TLREF-referenced 
Notes from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes that reference TLREF is only capable of being determined immediately or shortly prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It might be difficult for investors in Notes that reference TLREF to estimate reliably the 
amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes, and some investors might be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes 
without changes to their information technology systems, both of which might adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
Further, if Notes referencing TLREF become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 11, or are 
otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, then the Interest Rate payable for the final Interest 
Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined immediately or shortly prior to the date on which such Notes become 
due and payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of TLREF in the eurobond market might differ materially compared 
with the application and adoption of TLREF in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should 
carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of TLREF across these markets might impact any hedging or other 
financial arrangements that they might put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of investments in 
Notes referencing TLREF. 
As TLREF and the BIST TLREF Index are published by Borsa İstanbul, the Issuer has no control over their 
determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that TLREF and the BIST TLREF Index will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes 
that reference TLREF. If the manner in which TLREF is calculated is changed, then that change might result in a reduction of 
the amount of interest payable on the relevant Notes and the trading prices of investments in such Notes. Furthermore, to the 
extent the BIST TLREF Index is no longer published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Interest Rate on Floating 
Rate Notes will be determined using the alternative methods described in Condition 6.2(b)(ix). Such alternative methods might 
result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been 
made on such Notes if TLREF and/or the BIST TLREF Index had been provided by Borsa İstanbul in its current form. In 
addition, the use of such alternative methods might also result in a fixed Interest Rate being applied to the relevant Notes.

--- Page 63 ---
44 
Since the BIST TLREF Index is a relatively new market index, Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF might have 
no established trading market when issued and an established trading market might never develop or might not be very liquid. 
Market terms for debt securities indexed to TLREF, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, might 
evolve over time and, as a result, the market price of an investment in TLREF-linked securities might be lower than those of 
later-issued debt securities that are linked to TLREF. Similarly, if TLREF does not prove to be widely used in debt securities 
that are similar or comparable to the Notes, then the market price of an investment in TLREF-linked Floating Rate Notes might 
be lower than that of debt securities that are linked to rates that are more widely used. An investor in TLREF-linked Notes 
might not be able to sell their investment in such Notes at all or at a price that will provide such investor a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market and, thus, such investor might suffer from increased from increased 
pricing volatility and market risk with respect to its investment in such Notes. 
Accordingly, an investment in Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF entails significant risks not associated with 
similar investments in conventional debt securities. Any investor should ensure that it understands the nature of the terms of 
such Notes and the extent of its exposure to risk and that it considers the suitability of such Notes as an investment in the light 
of its own circumstances and financial condition. An investor should consult its own professional advisors about the risks 
associated with investment in Notes that reference TLREF and the suitability of investing in such Notes in light of its particular 
circumstances. 
Sustainability Notes - The application of the net proceeds of Sustainability Notes as described in “Use of Proceeds” might not 
meet investor expectations or be (or remain) suitable for an investor’s investment criteria 
The Programme provides for the issuance of Sustainability Notes. The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific 
Tranche of Sustainability Notes will provide that the net proceeds (or an amount equal to the net proceeds) of such Notes will 
(or, as of the Issue Date, are intended to) (in accordance with the Sustainable Finance Framework) be used to finance (including 
refinance) a portfolio of loans (the “Sustainable Loan Portfolio”), for which the working group formed by the Issuer (the 
“Sustainable Finance Working Group”) will exercise its reasonable judgment in determining the businesses and projects that 
satisfy the eligibility criteria in the Sustainable Finance Framework. The Sustainable Finance Working Group is also responsible 
for the review and update of the Sustainable Finance Framework (in which case, the updated version will be published on the 
Issuer’s website). The Issuer has engaged an independent third-party to review and provide a second party opinion on the 
alignment of the Sustainable Finance Framework with the Green Bond Principles 2021, the Social Bond Principles 2021, the 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021 and the Green Loan Principles 2021, published by the International Capital Markets 
Association (ICMA) and/or the Loan Market Association (LMA) (as applicable), and such alignment was confirmed by such 
opinion dated 3 August 2021 (published, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, on the Issuer’s website at: 
www.isbank.com.tr/en/about-us/sustainability-frameworks-and-reports). A prospective investor in any Sustainability Notes 
should have regard to the information in “Use of Proceeds” and the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of the net proceeds 
(or an amount equal to the net proceeds) of such Sustainability Notes and must determine for itself the relevance of such 
information (together with any other investigation that such investor deems necessary, including a review of the then-applicable 
Sustainable Finance Framework) for the purpose of such investor’s investment in such Sustainability Notes. In particular, no 
assurance is given by the Issuer, any Arranger, any Dealer or any Agent that the use of such amount for any loans under the 
Sustainable Loan Portfolio will satisfy, whether in whole or part, any present or future expectations of such investor or any of 
such investor’s requirements with respect to any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor and/or its 
investments are required to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the proceeds of any loans in the Sustainable Loan 
Portfolio may be for specific assets and projects, which are defined in the Sustainable Finance Framework. 
In addition, it should be noted that there is no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor any market 
consensus as to what constitutes, a “green,” “social,” “sustainability” or similarly labelled project or as to what attributes are 
required for a particular project to be so considered, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus 
will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly change; however, the EU’s regulation on 
the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”), which is subject to a phased 
implementation, provides some definition for such topics within the EU. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given (whether 
by the Issuer, an Arranger, a Dealer, the Agents or any other person) to any investor in a Sustainability Note that: (a) any project 
or uses the subject of, or related to, any loans under Sustainable Loan Portfolio will meet all or any of such investor’s 
expectations regarding any “green,” “social,” “sustainability” or similarly labelled performance objectives or investment 
criteria, (b) any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or 
uses the subject of, or related to, any loans in the Sustainable Loan Portfolio or (c) the Sustainable Finance Framework will be 
aligned with the EU Taxonomy  or any other sustainability framework. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any report, 
assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) that might or might not be made

--- Page 64 ---
45 
available in connection with the issuance of any Sustainability Notes, including (in particular) to the extent addressing whether 
any loans in the Sustainable Loan Portfolio fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria. Any such report, 
assessment, opinion or certification does not, nor shall be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor is incorporated into, this Base 
Prospectus. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Issuer, any Arranger, any Dealer, any Agent or any other person to invest in any Sustainability Notes. Any such report, 
assessment, opinion or certification is only current as of the date it was issued. Prospective investors in Sustainability Notes 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification, the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such report, assessment, opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in Sustainability 
Notes. The providers of such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications might not be subject to any specific oversight or 
regulatory or other regime. 
In the event that any Sustainability Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green,” “environmental,” 
“social,” “sustainability” or other similarly labelled securities exchange or market (or segment thereof), whether or not 
regulated, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, any Arranger, any Dealer, any Agent or any other person that 
such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. In addition, 
the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading might vary from one securities exchange or market to another. No 
representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, any Arranger, any Dealer, any Agent or any other person that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Sustainability Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the applicable Sustainability Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds (or an amount equal to the net proceeds) of any 
Sustainability Notes and obtain and publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially in, 
the manner described in “Use of Proceeds,” there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to do so. In addition, there can 
be no assurance that any loans in the Sustainable Loan Portfolio will be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
respect to the results or outcome. While the Bank might request on an annual basis following the first anniversary of the issuance 
of any Sustainability Notes (until the proceeds have been fully allocated) an external reviewer to provide a report on the 
conformity of the allocation of the net proceeds thereof (or an amount equal to such net proceeds) with the use of proceeds and 
reporting criteria set out in the Sustainable Finance Framework, there is no guarantee that net proceeds (or an amount equal to 
the net proceeds) of any Sustainable Notes will be applied (whether or not related to the environment, social goals, sustainability 
goals or similar) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer or that the Bank will request and/or obtain such an external 
review. 
Any such event, the net proceeds (or an amount equal to the net proceeds) of any issue of Sustainability Notes not 
being applied for any loans that qualify for the Sustainable Loan Portfolio or the Issuer’s not obtaining and/or publishing any 
such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications will neither constitute an “Event of Default” under the relevant 
Sustainability Notes nor give rise to any other claim of an investor in such Sustainability Notes against the Issuer and have no 
connection to the terms of the Sustainability Notes, including any impact on pricing or redemption. The withdrawal of any 
report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any such report, assessment, opinion or certification attesting 
that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification 
is reporting, assessing, opining or certifying on, and/or any such Sustainability Notes no longer being listed or admitted to 
trading on any securities exchange or market, as aforesaid, might have a material adverse effect on the value of an investment 
in such Sustainability Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Risks Relating to Notes Denominated in Renminbi 
Notes may be denominated in Renminbi (“Renminbi Notes”). An investment in Renminbi Notes involves particular 
risks, including: 
Renminbi Convertibility – Renminbi is not completely freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance 
of Renminbi into and outside the PRC, which might affect the liquidity of investments in Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The government of the PRC (the 
“PRC Government”) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies despite significant reduction 
in the control by the PRC Government in recent years, particularly over trade transactions involving the import and export of 
goods and services and other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account 
items. Remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items, such as capital contributions, 
debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing

--- Page 65 ---
46 
specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. 
Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital account items are (as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus) being developed. 
Although Renminbi was, as of 1 October 2016, added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International 
Monetary Fund and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in foreign currencies 
were implemented by the People’s Bank of China (the “PBoC”), there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue 
to liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future or that new regulations in the PRC will not be 
promulgated that have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. In the event 
that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this might affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the 
PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Renminbi Notes. 
Renminbi Availability – There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which might affect the liquidity of 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, licensed banks in Singapore and Hong Kong 
may offer limited Renminbi-denominated banking services to Singapore residents, Hong Kong residents and specified business 
customers. While the PBoC has entered into agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business (the “Settlement Agreements”) 
with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (the “RMB Clearing Banks”) and these RMB Clearing 
Banks have been authorized to engage in the settlement of Renminbi-denominated trade transactions, the size of Renminbi-
denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by the PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-border 
Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. In addition, Renminbi business 
participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBoC. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has 
access to onshore liquidity support from the PBoC for the purpose of settling open positions of participating banks for limited 
types of transactions, including open positions resulting from conversion services for corporations relating to cross-border trade 
transactions. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank is not obliged to settle for participating banks any open positions resulting from 
other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. Where onshore liquidity support from the PBoC is not available, 
the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to settle such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is subject 
to many constraints as a result of PRC laws on foreign exchange. There is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be 
promulgated or the Settlement Agreements will not be terminated or amended so as to have the effect of restricting the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC might affect the liquidity of 
investments in the Renminbi Notes. To the extent that the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the 
Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Although the Issuer’s primary obligation is to make all payments with respect to Renminbi Notes in Renminbi, where 
“RMB Currency Event” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event access to Renminbi becomes 
restricted to the extent that, by reason of RMB Inconvertibility, RMB Non-Transferability or RMB Illiquidity (each as defined 
in Condition 7.11), the Issuer is unable to make any payment in respect of the Renminbi Note in Renminbi, the terms of such 
Renminbi Notes will permit the Issuer to make payment in U.S. dollars converted at the Spot Rate, all as provided in 
Condition 7.11. The value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar terms might vary with the prevailing exchange rates in 
the market. 
Renminbi Exchange Rate Risks – An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is 
affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. On 11 December 
2015, the China Foreign Exchange Trade System (the “CFETS”), a sub-institutional organisation of the PBoC, published the 
CFETS Renminbi exchange rate index for the first time, which index weighs the Renminbi based upon 13 currencies, to guide 
the market in order to measure the Renminbi exchange rate. This change, and others that might be implemented, might increase 
the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against other currencies. All payments of interest and principal with respect to 
Renminbi Notes will be made in Renminbi unless “RMB Currency Event” is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, and a RMB Currency Event occurs, in which case payment will be made in U.S. dollars converted at the Spot 
Rate. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollars or other foreign currency terms might vary with the 
prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of the Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other applicable

--- Page 66 ---
47 
foreign currencies, then the value of any investment in Renminbi Notes in terms of the U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign 
currency will decline. 
Renminbi Interest Rate Risk – An investment in fixed rate Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further liberalisation 
might increase interest rate volatility. If a Series of Renminbi Notes carries a fixed interest rate, then the trading price of an 
investment in such Renminbi Notes will vary with fluctuations in Renminbi interest rates. If an investor in Renminbi Notes 
tries to sell such investment, then they might receive an offer that is less than the amount invested. 
Renminbi Payment Mechanics – Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes will be made to investors in the manner specified in 
the Conditions 
Investors might be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account information) 
in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in Hong Kong or such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
All Renminbi payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely: (a) for so long as the Renminbi 
Notes are represented by Global Notes held with a common depositary (a “Common Depositary”) or common safekeeper (a 
“Common Safekeeper”), as the case may be, for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg” and, with Euroclear and DTC, the “Clearing Systems”) or any alternative clearing system, by 
transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or any such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with 
prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures or the rules and procedures of such alternative 
clearing system, or (b) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account 
maintained in Hong Kong or such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. Other 
than as described in Condition 7.11, the Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other 
currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
PRC Tax Consequences – There might be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the Renminbi Notes 
In considering whether to invest in the Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax advisors with 
regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situation, as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of 
any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the Noteholder’s investment in the Renminbi Notes might be materially and adversely 
affected if the Noteholder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments 
under those Renminbi Notes. 
Risks Relating to Investments in the Notes Generally 
In addition to the structure-specific risks noted above, investors in the Notes will be subject to additional risks relating 
to investing in the Notes. Such risks that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on investors in the 
Notes are set out in this sub-category; it being understood that the following does not address any specific conditions of, or 
circumstances relating to, any particular investor (including such investor’s own tax, regulatory or other circumstances) but 
rather to investors generally speaking. 
No Secondary Market – An active secondary market in respect of the Notes might never be established or might be illiquid and 
this might adversely affect the price at which an investor could sell its investment in the Notes 
The Notes generally will have no established trading market when issued and (even for any Notes that are admitted to 
the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market) one might never develop or, if developed, it might not be sustained. 
If a market does develop, then it might not be very liquid and investments in the Notes might trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the 
Bank’s financial condition. Therefore, investors might not be able to sell their investments in the Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These 
types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. If an active trading market for investments in the Notes is not developed or maintained, then the market or trading 
price and liquidity of investments in the Notes might be adversely affected.

--- Page 67 ---
48 
Market Price Volatility – The market price of an investment in the Notes might be subject to a significant degree of volatility 
The market price of an investment in the Notes might be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or 
anticipated variations in market interest rates, the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s operating results, adverse business developments, 
changes to the regulatory environment in which the Group operates, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts and/or 
the actual or expected sale by the Group of other debt securities, as well as other factors, including the trading market for debt 
issued by Turkish governmental entities. In addition, in recent years the global financial markets have experienced significant 
price and volume fluctuations that, if repeated in the future, might adversely affect the market price of an investment in the 
Notes without regard to the Issuer’s financial condition or results of operations. For example: (a) investment in Fixed Rate 
Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the interest rate paid on such Fixed Rate Notes, 
then this will adversely affect the market price of an investment in such Fixed Rate Notes, and (b) investment in any Notes 
involves the risk of adverse changes in the market price of an investment in such Notes if the interest rate or (for Floating Rate 
Notes) margin of new similar debt instruments of the Issuer would be higher. 
Consent for Modifications – The Conditions contain provisions that permit their modification without the consent of all of the 
investors in the applicable Series 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally and for Extraordinary Resolutions to be passed in writing or by way of electronic consents. These provisions permit 
investors in the Notes in a Series holding defined percentages of the Notes of such Series to bind all investors in the Notes of 
such Series, including investors that did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting (or did not sign such a written resolution or 
provide such electronic consent, as applicable) and investors that voted in a manner contrary to the decision of the deciding 
group. These matters might include (inter alia) even: (a) modifying the Maturity Date of the applicable Series or any date for 
the payment of interest thereon, (b) reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the amount of interest payable in respect 
of the applicable Series, (c) altering the currency of payment of the applicable Series or (d) approving any scheme or proposal 
for the exchange or substitution of Notes for, or the conversion of Notes into, or the cancellation of Notes in consideration of, 
shares, bonds and/or other securities of the Issuer or any other company formed or to be formed. As a result, binding decisions 
might be taken by the holders of such defined percentages of the Notes of a Series that are contrary to the preferences of any 
particular investor in such Series. 
In addition, the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders is not required in the case of amendments 
to the Conditions pursuant to the benchmark discontinuation provisions described above under “-Benchmarks Uncertainty” to 
vary the method or basis of calculating the rate(s) or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in 
respect of the Notes or for any other variation of the Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required to be made in the 
circumstances described in the benchmark discontinuation provisions. 
Further Issues – The Issuer may issue further Notes of any Series, which would dilute the existing Noteholders’ share of the 
Notes of such Series 
As permitted by the Conditions, the Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders of a Series, 
create and issue further Notes of such Series; provided that (among other conditions) such further Notes will be fungible with 
the outstanding Notes of such Series for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of their issuance being a “qualified 
reopening” under U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.1275-2(k) unless the original Notes were, and such further Notes are, offered 
and sold by (or on behalf of) the Issuer solely in reliance upon Regulation S in offshore transactions to Persons other than U.S. 
persons. To the extent that the Issuer issues further Notes of a Series, the share of an existing Noteholder of such Series (e.g., 
in respect of any meeting of holders of the Notes of that Series (see “-Consent for Modifications”)) will be diluted. 
Transfer Restrictions – Transfers of investments in the Notes will be subject to certain restrictions and investments in Global 
Notes can only be held through a Clearing System 
Although the CMB has granted the CMB Approval authorising the issuance of a maximum principal amount of Notes 
(and other securities) pursuant to Decree 32, the Capital Markets Law, the Debt Instruments Communiqué and other related 
laws as debt securities to be offered outside of Türkiye, the Notes have not been and are not expected to be registered: (a) under 
the Securities Act or any applicable state’s or other jurisdiction’s securities laws or (b) other than by the Central Bank of Ireland 
as described herein, with the SEC or any other applicable state’s or other jurisdiction’s regulatory authorities. The offering of 
the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) will be made pursuant to exemptions from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act and in compliance with other securities laws. Accordingly, reoffers, resales, pledges and other transfers of 
investments in the Notes will be subject to certain transfer restrictions. Each investor is advised to consult its legal advisors in 
connection with any such reoffer, resale, pledge or other transfer. See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.”

--- Page 68 ---
49 
Because transfers of interests in the Global Notes can be effected only through book entries at the applicable Clearing 
System(s) for the accounts of their respective direct participants, the liquidity of any secondary market for investments in the 
Global Notes might be reduced to the extent that some investors are unwilling or unable to invest in Notes held in book-entry 
form in the name of a direct participant in the applicable Clearing System. The ability to pledge interests in the Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) might be limited due to the lack of a physical certificate. In the event of the insolvency of a Clearing 
System or any of their respective participants in whose name interests in the Notes are recorded (or any indirect participants), 
the ability of beneficial owners to obtain timely or ultimate payment of principal and interest on the Notes might be impaired. 
Enforcement of Judgments – It might not be possible for investors to enforce foreign judgments against the Bank or its 
management 
The Bank is a joint stock company organised under the laws of Türkiye (specifically, under the Banking Law). Certain 
of the directors and officers of the Bank reside inside Türkiye and all or a substantial portion of the assets of such persons might 
be, and substantially all of the assets of the Bank are, located in Türkiye. As a result, it might not be possible for investors in 
the Notes to effect service of process upon such persons outside Türkiye or to enforce against them in the courts of jurisdictions 
other than Türkiye any judgments obtained in such courts that are predicated upon the laws of such other jurisdictions. 
In addition, under Türkiye’s International Private and Procedure Law (Law No. 5718), a judgment of a court 
established in a country other than Türkiye might not be enforced in Turkish courts in certain circumstances. There is no treaty 
between the UK and Türkiye providing for reciprocal enforcement of judgments; however, Turkish courts have rendered at 
least one judgment confirming de facto reciprocity between the UK and Türkiye with respect to the enforcement of judgments 
of their respective courts. Nevertheless, since de facto reciprocity is decided by the relevant court on a case-by-case basis, there 
is uncertainty as to the enforceability of court judgments obtained in the UK by Turkish courts. The same might apply for 
judgments obtained in other jurisdictions. For further information, see “Enforcement of Judgments and Service of Process.” 
Change in Law – The value or market price of an investment in the Notes might be adversely affected by a change in the laws 
of England or Türkiye or in administrative practice in those jurisdictions 
The Conditions are based upon the laws of England and Türkiye and administrative practice in effect as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, and having regard to the expected tax treatment of all relevant entities under such laws and practice. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws of England or Türkiye (or the 
laws of any other jurisdiction) (including any change in regulation that might occur without a change in the primary legislation) 
or administrative practice in England or Türkiye after the date of this Base Prospectus, nor can any assurance be given as to 
whether any such change might materially adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes or the 
value or market price of an investment in the Notes. 
Definitive Notes might need to be Issued – Investors who hold interests in Global Notes in denominations that are not a Specified 
Denomination might be adversely affected if Definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Global Notes or Registered Global Notes (each a “Global Note”) and having 
denominations consisting of a minimum specified denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller 
amount (the “Specified Denomination”), it is possible that interests in such Global Notes might be traded in amounts in excess 
of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a 
case, an investor who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount that is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in an account with the relevant Clearing System at the relevant time: (a) would not be able to sell the remainder 
of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination and (b) may not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding 
(should Definitive Notes replace the applicable Global Note) and would need to purchase or sell a principal amount of Notes at 
or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, then the holders thereof should be aware that Definitive Notes that have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination might be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Reliance upon Clearing Systems – Investors in Global Notes will be subject to the rules of the applicable Clearing System and 
their ability to exercise rights relating to the Notes directly might be limited 
Unless issued in definitive form, the Notes will be represented on issue by one or more Global Note(s) that will be: (a) 
deposited with and (if issued in registered form) registered in the name of a nominee for a Common Depositary or a Common

--- Page 69 ---
50 
Safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) deposited with and registered in the name 
of a nominee for DTC. Except in the circumstances described in the applicable Global Note and Final Terms, investors in a 
Global Note will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of the Clearing Systems and their respective direct 
and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While Notes are 
represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests therein only through the relevant Clearing 
Systems and their respective direct and indirect participants. 
Except in certain circumstances described in Condition 7.9 with respect to non-U.S. dollar payments for Global Notes 
for which DTC is the Clearing System, for so long as the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its 
payment obligations thereunder by making payments through the relevant Clearing System(s). A holder of a beneficial interest 
in a Global Note must rely upon the procedures of the relevant Clearing System and its participants to receive payments in 
respect of their interests in such Global Note. The Issuer will have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will be subject to the applicable procedures of the applicable Clearing 
System, its participants and any other intermediary and will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so represented. 
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant Clearing System(s) and its 
participants to appoint appropriate proxies or to act directly. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests: (a) in a Global Note might 
have to prove their interests in order to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant 
Notes and (b) in a Global Note for which DTC is the clearing system will be subject to the applicable procedures of DTC and 
might not have a direct right to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Note. 
Sanction Targets 
The Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury (“OFAC”) administers regulations that 
restrict the ability of U.S. persons to invest in, or otherwise engage in business with, certain countries, including Russia, Belarus, 
Iran and Syria, and specially designated nationals (“SDNs”), and other United States, UK, EU and United Nations rules impose 
similar restrictions (the SDNs and other targets of these restrictions being together the “Sanction Targets”). As the Bank is not 
a Sanction Target, these rules do not prohibit U.S. or European investors from investing in, or otherwise engaging in business 
with, the Bank; however, while the Group does not directly or indirectly invest in, or otherwise engage in business with, Sanction 
Targets in violation of Sanctions (and the Bank’s policies restrict the Bank from engaging in any prohibited business 
investments and transactions with Sanction Targets in violation of Sanctions, including with respect to the proceeds of the 
Notes), to the extent that the Group invests in, or otherwise engages in business with, Persons that thereafter become Sanction 
Targets, investors in the Notes might incur the risk of indirect contact with Sanction Targets. See “The Group and its Business 
– Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-Bribery Policies” and “The Group and its Business 
– Compliance with Sanctions Laws.” 
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls – If an investor has investments in Notes that are not denominated in the investor’s 
home currency, then such investor will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of such 
investor’s holding; in addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes might result in an investor not 
receiving payments on those Notes 
Except as described otherwise herein, the Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency, 
which presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates might significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s 
Currency) and the risk that the Turkish government and/or authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency might 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease: (a) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (b) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the 
interest and principal payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market price of an investment in the 
Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities might impose exchange controls that might adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate and/or the ability to convert and/or transfer currency. If this occurs, particularly if it directly affects the Bank’s 
payments on the Notes, then an investor in the Notes might receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal, and/or might receive payment in a currency other than the applicable Specified Currency. An investor might also not 
be able to convert (at a reasonable exchange rate or at all) amounts received in the applicable Specified Currency into the 
Investor’s Currency, which might materially adversely affect the market price of an investment in the Notes. There might also 
be tax consequences for investors of any such currency changes.

--- Page 70 ---
51 
Credit Ratings – Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes might not reflect all risks associated with an investment in 
those Notes and might be lowered, suspended or withdrawn 
The expected initial credit rating(s) (if any) of a Tranche of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms for such Tranche. 
Any relevant rating agency may lower, suspend or withdraw its rating if, in its sole judgment, the credit quality of the applicable 
Notes has declined or is in question. If any credit rating assigned to a Series is lowered, suspended or withdrawn, then the 
market price of an investment in the applicable Notes might decline. Neither any rating agency nor the Issuer has any obligation 
to maintain any such rating(s) during the life of any Series, including from any particular Rating Agency. 
In addition to the ratings of the Programme and/or a Series of Notes provided by Moody’s and Fitch, and the ratings 
of the Issuer by the Rating Agencies, one or more other independent credit rating agency(ies) might assign credit ratings to the 
Programme, a Series of Notes and/or the Issuer, which additional credit ratings of other independent credit rating agency(ies) 
might be lower than the current rating(s) of such Notes and/or the Issuer. Also, if any credit rating assigned to Türkiye is lowered 
or put on negative watch, then such change might have a negative impact on the Issuer’s credit rating. In addition, the ratings 
might not reflect the potential impact of all risks relating to the structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other 
factors that might affect the value or market price of an investment in the Notes. 
In general, regulated investors in the EU are restricted under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the 
“EU CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended). Similarly, in general, UK-regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended, as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory 
purposes unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended). Such general restrictions also apply in the case of 
credit ratings issued by non-EU or non-UK credit rating agencies, as the case may be, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EU-registered or UK-registered credit rating agency, respectively, or the relevant non-EU or non-UK rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation or the United Kingdom CRA Regulation, respectively (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). If the status of a rating agency 
rating the Notes changes, then regulated investors in the EU and/or UK might no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes and the Notes might have a different regulatory treatment, which might result in such investors selling their investment 
in the Notes, which might impact the value of the Notes and/or any secondary market in the Notes. The list of registered and 
certified rating agencies published by ESMA or the FCA, as the case may be, on its website in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation or UK CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency being included in such 
list as there might be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and publication 
of an updated ESMA or FCA list. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and might be revised, suspended or withdrawn 
by the applicable rating agency at any time. Similar ratings on different types of securities do not necessarily mean the same 
thing. Ratings on any Notes also do not address the marketability of investments in such Notes or any market price. Any change 
in the credit rating(s) of any Notes or the Issuer might adversely affect the price that a subsequent purchaser will be willing to 
pay for investments in such Notes. The significance of each rating should be analysed independently from any other rating.

--- Page 71 ---
52 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Bank will incur various expenses in connection with the issuance of each Tranche of the Notes, including (as 
applicable) underwriting fees, legal counsel fees, rating agency expenses and listing expenses. The net proceeds of each issue 
of Notes (the estimated amount of which net proceeds will, for each Series listed on a regulated market in the EEA, be set out 
in the applicable Final Terms) will be applied by the Bank for its general corporate purposes; however, for any particular Series, 
the Bank may agree (and so specify in the Final Terms for the Tranche(s) of such Series) with the relevant Dealer(s) or 
investor(s) that the proceeds of the issuance of the applicable Notes shall be used for one or more specific purpose(s), such as 
environmental development or sustainability. The use of proceeds, if any, provided in the Final Terms for each Tranche in a 
Series with more than one Tranche shall be the same. 
In addition, where the “Reasons for the Offer and Estimated Net Proceeds” in Part B of the applicable Final Terms are 
stated to be for “loans in the Green Categories,” “loans in the Social Categories” and a mix of “loans in the Green Categories 
and loans in the Social Categories” as described in this “Use of Proceeds” section (“Green Bonds,” “Social Bonds” and 
“Sustainability Bonds,” respectively, and together the “Sustainability Notes”), the net proceeds (or an amount equal to the net 
proceeds) of each issue of Sustainability Notes will (or, as of the applicable Issue Date, will be intended to) be used as so 
described. For each Series of Sustainability Notes, such amount is expected to be applied by the Issuer in financing (including 
refinancing), individually or on a portfolio basis, loans under the Green Categories and/or Social Categories (each as defined 
below and further described in the “Sustainable Finance Framework” published on the Issuer’s website (as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, www.isbank.com.tr/en/about-us/sustainability-frameworks-and-reports) (as amended, supplemented or 
otherwise updated from time to time, the “Sustainable Finance Framework”)) (together, the “Sustainable Loan Portfolio”), 
including the provision of new loans in the Sustainable Loan Portfolio and the refinancing of existing loans. In the case of Green 
Bonds, such financing (including refinancing) shall be through loans in the Green Categories; in the case of Social Bonds, such 
financing (including refinancing) shall be through loans in the Social Categories; and in the case of Sustainability Bonds, such 
financing (including refinancing) shall be eligible to fund loans both in the Green Categories and Social Categories; however, 
the proceeds of any Sustainability Notes will not be used to provide loans the proceeds of which are (to the best of the Issuer’s 
knowledge) intended to be used for purposes covered by the Issuer’s “Exclusion List” as detailed on the Issuer’s website (as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, www.isbank.com.tr/en/about-us/Documents/sustainability/environment-and-social-impact-
policy.pdf), which includes, as of such date, loans linked to trade of wildlife elements or products, forced labour or hazardous 
child labour, production of weapons of mass destruction and land mines, diamond mining or the diamond trade, each in countries 
that are not involved in the “Kimberley process,” each of which are prohibited by applicable laws, transportation of oil and 
other hazardous substances via tankers that do not comply with the requirements of the International Marine Organisation and 
greenfield investments of coal- and natural gas-fired thermal power plants to be established for electricity generation). The 
Bank will also not knowingly be involved in financing of any projects or activities related to nuclear power generation or fossil 
fuels with the proceeds of the Sustainability Notes. 
Pending the allocation or reallocation, as the case may be, of any net proceeds of Sustainability Notes in funding the 
relevant loans in the Sustainable Loan Portfolio, such proceeds will be (as indicated in the Sustainable Finance Framework) 
invested by the Issuer at its own discretion in cash and/or cash equivalent, and/or other marketable instruments. To the extent 
required, additional eligible loans will be added to the Sustainable Loan Portfolio to ensure that the net proceeds of any 
outstanding Sustainability Notes will be used to fund the Sustainable Loan Portfolio. 
As outlined in the Sustainable Finance Framework as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, a report will be 
published by the Issuer with respect to Sustainability Notes by the first anniversary of issuance and thereafter (if required) a 
new report will be published annually until the proceeds have been fully allocated. As noted in the Sustainable Finance 
Framework, such reports will provide information on the allocation of the net proceeds of the Sustainability Notes, on an 
individual or aggregate basis, including the portion thereof allocated to eligible loans, the number of eligible loans, the balance 
of unallocated proceeds and the amount or the percentage of such proceeds used for new financing versus refinancings. Where 
confidentiality agreements or competitive considerations require, or a large number of underlying projects limit the amount of 
detail that can be made available, the Issuer will present the information in generic terms or on a portfolio basis. 
“Green Categories” means categories of eligible loans listed under the “Green Categories” in the Sustainable Finance 
Framework. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, categories of such loans include loans for: (a) renewable energy, (b) energy 
efficiency, (c) eco-efficient and/or circular economy adapted products, production technologies and processes, (d) green 
buildings, (e) clean transportation, (f) pollution prevention and control, (g) environmentally sustainable management of living 
natural resources and land use, (h) sustainable water, wastewater management and climate adaptation and (i) terrestrial and 
aquatic biodiversity conservation.

--- Page 72 ---
53 
“Social Categories” means categories of eligible loans listed under the “Social Categories” in the Sustainable Finance 
Framework. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, categories of such loans include loans for: (a) access to essential services 
and (b) employment generation (including through the potential effect of SME financing).  
Neither the Sustainable Finance Framework nor any of the reports, verification assessments, opinions or contents of 
any of the websites referenced in this “Use of Proceeds” section are, or shall be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are 
incorporated into, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 73 ---
54 
SUMMARY FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Unless otherwise indicated, the following summary financial and other information have been extracted (except as 
noted in the “Key Ratios and Other Information” table) from the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements without material 
adjustment. The information in this section should be read in conjunction with the information contained in “Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the relevant BRSA Financial Statements 
(including the notes therein) incorporated by reference herein. 
 
As of 31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Balance Sheet Data:
(TL thousands)
Financial Assets (Net).........................................................................................
187,808,479
371,298,917
502,126,978
Cash and Cash Equivalent ...........................................................................
96,521,550
222,209,531
247,036,056
Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss................................
6,800,006
14,481,038
33,574,852
Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income ......
77,827,270
109,943,659
202,125,577
Derivative Financial Assets..........................................................................
6,710,129
24,750,427
19,560,649
Expected Credit Loss (-)...............................................................................
50,476
85,738
170,156
Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost (Net) ..........................................
446,634,898
633,433,762
979,329,078
Loans............................................................................................................
414,731,304
595,522,165
878,093,482
Lease Receivables ........................................................................................
7,704,226
12,325,197
18,361,594
Factoring Receivables..................................................................................
4,644,186
6,895,358
15,908,657
Other Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost (Net)..........................
45,604,603
51,545,328
106,956,161
Expected Credit Loss (-)...............................................................................
26,049,421
32,854,286
39,990,816
Assets Held For Sale And Discontinued Operations (Net) .................................
1,302,608
910,871
1,618,994
Equity Investments .............................................................................................
13,052,096
21,918,409
42,870,444
Investments in Associates (Net)....................................................................
271,231
316,851
405,345
Subsidiaries (Net).........................................................................................
12,775,982
21,593,954
42,449,189
Joint Ventures (Net) .....................................................................................
4,883
7,604
15,910
Tangible Assets (Net) .........................................................................................
8,099,954
11,407,024
24,478,118
Intangible Assets (Net) ......................................................................................
1,653,988
2,182,025
4,079,813
Investment Property (Net) ..................................................................................
3,649,631
4,601,916
11,320,190
Current Tax Asset...............................................................................................
48,923
74,819
26,354
Deferred Tax Asset .............................................................................................
3,672,736
3,118,976
974,110
Other Assets (Net) .............................................................................................
52,228,950 
75,457,354 
148,607,490 
Total Assets.................................................................................................  
718,152,263 
1,124,404,073 
1,715,431,569 
Deposits ..............................................................................................................
381,693,393
617,679,203
952,635,932
Funds Borrowed..................................................................................................
77,602,888
128,923,683
155,981,599
Money Markets...................................................................................................
25,984,647
53,737,853
51,240,156
Securities Issued (Net)........................................................................................
39,499,306
48,077,312
58,344,560
Funds ..................................................................................................................
122,105
691,704
737,733
Derivative Financial Liabilities...........................................................................
8,854,434
14,078,527
10,091,101
Lease Payables (Net) ..........................................................................................
918,740
1,239,714
1,643,053
Provisions ...........................................................................................................
24,027,066
35,609,317
67,292,475
Current Tax Liability ..........................................................................................
2,851,982
2,561,136
8,125,987
Deferred Tax Liability ........................................................................................
144,431
124,949
1,599,383
Subordinated Debts.............................................................................................
24,426,121
41,479,277
33,558,745
Other Liabilities..................................................................................................
57,165,430 
84,033,219 
164,128,152 
Total Liabilities...........................................................................................  
643,290,543 
1,028,235,894 
1,505,378,876 
Shareholders’ Equity...........................................................................................
74,861,720 
96,168,179 
210,052,693 
Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity ..............................................  
718,152,263 
1,124,404,073 
1,715,431,569

--- Page 74 ---
55 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Income Statement Data: 
(TL thousands)
Interest income ..................................................................................
47,960,977
69,449,187
140,591,973
Interest expense.................................................................................
(18,898,262)
(32,530,364)
54,160,597
Net interest income............................................................................
29,062,715
36,918,823
86,431,376
Net fees and commissions income.....................................................
4,919,413
6,691,855
14,671,415
Dividend income ...............................................................................
31,057
68,548
263,526
Trading income/(loss) (net) ...............................................................
(1,206,769)
703,452
19,477,788
Other operating income .....................................................................
11,733,929 
16,883,690 
32,573,886 
Gross operating income...........................................................  
44,540,345 
61,266,368 
153,417,991 
Expected credit loss...........................................................................
(11,379,112)
(12,667,759)
(13,055,945)
Personnel expense .............................................................................
(6,301,193)
(7,715,533)
(17,710,092)
Other operating expenses...................................................................
(14,877,965)
(22,665,876)
(42,171,552)
Other provision expenses...................................................................
(2,770,928) 
(4,142,731) 
(6,175,130) 
Net operating income/(loss).....................................................  
9,211,147 
14,074,469 
74,305,272 
Profit/loss from associates accounted for using the equity method ...
1,455,956 
4,874,850 
10,205,448 
Profit/loss on continuing operations before tax.....................  
10,667,103 
18,949,319 
84,510,720 
Tax provision for continuing operations............................................
2,915,351 
3,389,061 
15,453,038 
Net Period Profit/(Loss) From Continuing Operations ........  
7,751,752 
15,560,258 
69,057,682 
 
 
 
As of (or for the year ended) 31 December 
Key Ratios and Other Information: 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Return on average shareholders’ equity excluding 
minority interest..........................................................
10.7%
18.5%
46.8%
Net interest margin(1)...................................................
5.8%
5.6%
8.7%
Cost-to-income ratio ...................................................
36.0%
34.5%
27.5%
NPL ratio ....................................................................
5.4%
4.0%
3.0%
Cost to average total assets .........................................
2.1%
2.2%
2.8%
Capital Adequacy:
Tier 1 ratio(2) ...............................................................
13.0%
13.94%
18.25%
Capital adequacy ratio(3)..............................................
17.0%
18.69%
21.84%
Total Stage 3 coverage ratio........................................
124.9%
151.0%
177.8%
Other Information:
Average employees during the period.........................
23,745
23,106
23,309
Branches at period end................................................
1,227
1,195
1,131
Inflation rate/GDP %:
Producer price index inflation(4)..................................
25.1%
79.9%
97.7%
Gross domestic product (% change)(4)(5) .....................
1.9%
11.4%
5.6%
 ________________  
(1) The net interest margin is measured on a Bank-only basis. 
(2) The Tier 1 ratio is: (a) the tier 1 capital (i.e., the common equity tier 1 capital plus additional tier 1 capital minus regulatory adjustments 
to common equity) as a percentage of (b) the aggregate of the credit risk, market risk and operational risk. Capital adequacy ratios are 
based upon BRSA regulations. See “Capital Adequacy” below. 
(3) The capital adequacy ratio is: (a) the sum of tier 1 capital plus tier 2 capital (i.e., the “supplementary capital,” which comprises general 
provisions, subordinated debt) minus items to be deducted from capital (the “deductions from capital,” which comprises items such as 
unconsolidated equity interests in financial institutions and assets held for resale but held longer than five years) as a percentage of (b) 
the aggregate of the credit risk, market risk and operational risk. The capital adequacy ratios are based upon BRSA regulations. See 
“Capital Adequacy” below. 
(4) As published by TurkStat. 
(5) According to chained volume index.

--- Page 75 ---
56 
The calculation of the Bank’s net interest margin for the indicated years is as follows: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Net interest income............................................................................
25,242,039
30,941,269
75,203,453
Interest from the Central Bank .......................................................... 
(84,888) 
(849,109) 
(284,681) 
Total .......................................................................................... 
25,157,151 
30,092,160 
74,918,772 
Average loans and receivables (performing).....................................
315,047,717
394,269,617
621,997,658
Average total securities portfolio ......................................................
99,364,202
121,154,660
204,762,204
Average banks...................................................................................
17,922,786
19,474,361
27,983,089
Average money market placements ................................................... 
- 
- 
2,404,437 
Average interest-earning assets............................................... 
432,334,705 
534,898,639 
857,147,388 
Net interest margin............................................................................
5.8%
5.6%
8.7%
The calculation of the Group’s cost-to-income ratio for the indicated years is as follows: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Total operating expenses...................................................................
21,179,158
30,381,409
59,881,644
Insurance and reinsurance companies’ expenses ............................... 
(7,247,084) 
(11,565,656) 
(20,610,199) 
Costs .......................................................................................... 
13,932,074 
18,815,753 
39,271,445 
Total operating income......................................................................
44,540,345
61,266,368
153,417,991
Profit/loss from associates accounted for using the equity method...
1,455,956
4,874,850
10,205,448
Insurance and reinsurance companies’ expenses ............................... 
(7,247,084) 
(11,565,656) 
(20,610,199) 
Income....................................................................................... 
38,749,217 
54,575,562 
143,013,240 
Cost-to-income ratio..........................................................................
36.0%
34.5%
27.5%

--- Page 76 ---
57 
CAPITALISATION OF THE GROUP 
The following table sets forth the total capitalisation of the Group as of the indicated dates. The following financial 
information has been extracted from the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements without material adjustment. This table should 
be read in conjunction with the information contained in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations” and the relevant BRSA Financial Statements (including the notes therein) incorporated by reference 
herein. 
As of 31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Paid-in Capital ............................................................................................................
4,500,000
4,500,000
10,000,000
Capital Reserves .........................................................................................................
1,216,307
1,203,468
1,218,092
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income or Loss Not Reclassified Through 
Profit or Loss ..............................................................................................................
4,649,909
8,054,193
20,230,692
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income or Loss Reclassified Through Profit or 
Loss............................................................................................................................. 
4,638,071
8,289,043
39,535,501
Profit Reserves............................................................................................................
44,064,828 
51,383,634 
58,795,620 
Capital stock; legal reserves, retained earnings and other equity accounts.....
59,069,115 
73,430,338 
129,779,905 
Profit or Loss .............................................................................................................. 
8,378,887
13,502,913
61,471,023
Total shareholders’ equity.................................................................................... 
67,448,002 
86,933,251 
191,250,928
Long-term debt(1) ........................................................................................................
130,687,079 
198,909,806 
219,212,969 
Total capitalisation................................................................................................ 
198,135,081 
285,843,057 
410,463,897 
 _________________  
(1) Long-term debt includes the funds borrowed (including subordinated loans and debt securities in issue) with an original maturity over one year. 
As of the date hereof, there has been no significant change in total capitalisation since 31 December 2022.

--- Page 77 ---
58 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS 
The following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial position and results of operations of the Group 
covers the fiscal years ended 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022. Unless otherwise specified, the financial information presented 
in this discussion has been extracted from the BRSA Financial Statements without material adjustment. This section should be 
read in conjunction with such BRSA Financial Statements and (including the notes therein) the other financial information 
included in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus (including the section entitled “Presentation of 
Financial and Other Information”). The BRSA Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the BRSA 
Principles except for the free provisions recognised by the Group as described in “Presentation of Financial and Other 
Information.” For a discussion of current significant differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles, see Appendix A 
(“Overview of Differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles”). 
Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
includes “forward-looking statements.” Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors 
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. See the 
section entitled “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” 
The Group’s financial condition and results of operations depend significantly upon the macroeconomic, political and 
regulatory conditions prevailing in Türkiye and prospective investors should consider the factors set forth under “Risk Factors 
– Risks Relating to Türkiye” and “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group and its Business.” 
The discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of the Group in this Base Prospectus 
are based upon the BRSA Financial Statements. The Group prefers to present its financial condition and performance on the 
basis of the BRSA Financial Statements in order to focus on the banking and other financial operations in detail since (unlike 
financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS) the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements do not consolidate the Bank’s 
non-financial participations. In addition, because the Group has historically presented its financial statements to investors and 
potential investors using the BRSA Principles and uses such financials for regulatory requirements, the Bank’s management 
believes that providing BRSA financial data in this Base Prospectus will provide for a consistent presentation of the Group’s 
financial performance. 
Overview 
The Group provides a full range of banking services, principally in Türkiye, including corporate banking, commercial 
banking, retail banking, private banking and capital market operations. The Group operates in a highly-competitive banking 
market in Türkiye. As of 31 December 2022, 52 banks (including domestic and foreign banks but excluding the Central Bank) 
were operating in Türkiye (six participation banks, which conduct their business under different legislation in accordance with 
Islamic banking principles, are not included in this analysis). Thirty-five of these were deposit-taking banks (including the 
Bank) and the remaining banks were development and investment banks. Among the deposit-taking banks, three banks were 
state-controlled banks, eight were private domestic banks, 21 were private foreign banks and three were under the administration 
of the SDIF. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank was the largest private bank in Türkiye in terms of shareholders’ equity (14.5% 
market share), total assets (10.7%), total deposits (11.1%), foreign currency-denominated deposits (14.0%), demand deposits 
(excluding interbank deposits) (15.2%), total loans (10.7%), foreign currency-denominated loans (12.3%), non-retail loans 
(10.4%) and number of branches (11.7%) (source: BRSA data excluding participation banks, each as measured on a bank-only 
basis). As of such date, the Bank had the largest nationwide branch network and the largest ATM network among private sector 
banks in Türkiye, with 1,110 domestic branches (covering every city in Türkiye) and 6,161 domestic ATMs (sources for 
comparative data: Banks Association of Türkiye and Interbank Card Centre), and also had 21 branches outside of Türkiye. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s capital adequacy ratio was 21.8% (18.3% when calculated using tier 1 capital 
only) calculated in accordance with Basel III rules. See “–Capital Adequacy” below. As of the same date, the Group’s 
shareholders’ equity was TL 210,053 million and its cash loan-to-deposit ratio was 89.4% (102.7% and 92.6%, respectively, as 
of 31 December 2020 and 2021). The Group’s net operating income was TL 9,211 million in 2020, TL 14,074 million in 2021 
and TL 74,305 million in 2022 while its net period profit from continuing operations was TL 7,752 million 2020, TL 15,560 
million in 2021 and TL 69,058 in 2022. 
With its domestic Turkish focus and size and scope of operations, the Group’s financial condition and results of 
operations are significantly impacted by the Turkish economy and Türkiye’s GDP has been volatile. The GDP growth (as 
calculated according to a chain-linked volume index) was, despite the significant impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, 1.9% in 
2020 and then increased by 11.4% in 2021, which growth was supported by the recovery in global growth, strong domestic and

--- Page 78 ---
59 
foreign demand and a favourable base effect. In 2022, GDP grew by 5.6%, which growth was primarily due to strong 
consumption and moderate export growth. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group had total assets of TL 1,715,432 million, an increase of 52.6% from TL 1,124,404 
million as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase of 56.6% from TL 718,152 million as of 31 December 2020. As of 
31 December 2022, the Group had total deposits of TL 952,636 million, an increase of 54.2% from TL 617,679 million as of 
31 December 2021, itself an increase of 61.8% from TL 381,693 million as of 31 December 2020. The Bank’s management 
believes that the Group’s strong balance sheet has supported its ability to attract a strong deposit base, with deposits continuing 
to grow for each of the periods under review. 
The Bank’s loan portfolio grew from TL 345,150 million as of 31 December 2020 to TL 493,378 million as of 
31 December 2021 and TL 759,289 million as of 31 December 2022, a growth rate of 42.9% in 2021 and 53.9% in 2022. These 
increases in the Bank’s loan portfolio were largely due to increases in Turkish Lira-denominated retail and non-retail loans and 
(due to the depreciation of the Turkish Lira, which more than offset their decline in nominal amounts) the Turkish Lira-
equivalent of foreign currency-denominated commercial and corporate loans. 
Loans and receivables are classified and followed in line with the provisions of the Classification of Loans and 
Provisions Regulation and both general (for Group I and II loans) and specific (for Group III, IV and V loans) provisions are 
calculated and allocated in accordance with TFRS 9. For additional information on regulatory requirements for provisioning, 
see “The Group and its Business – Lending Policies and Procedures – Loan Classification and Provisioning Policy,” “Turkish 
Regulatory Environment – Expected Credit Losses” and “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye – Turkish Regulatory and 
Other Matters – Banking Regulatory Matters.” The Bank’s NPL ratios were 5.6% (6.5% excluding the impact of forbearance 
measures taken by the BRSA as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic), 4.1% and 3.0% as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 
2022, respectively (see “Significant Factors Affecting the Group’s Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Provisioning 
for Impaired Loans”). 
As of 31 December 2022, 44.0% of the Group’s cash loans (excluding lease receivables, factoring receivables and 
NPLs) and 60.0% of the Group’s total deposits were denominated in foreign currencies, principally U.S. dollars and euro, 
compared to 52.4% and 73.2%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and 44.9% and 65.1%, respectively, as of 31 December 
2020. 
Significant Factors Affecting the Group’s Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
The Group’s financial condition, results of operations and prospects depend significantly upon the macroeconomic, 
political and regulatory conditions prevailing in Türkiye as well as other factors. The impact of these factors might vary 
significantly in the future and many of these factors are outside the control of the Group. Prospective investors should (among 
other things) consider the factors set forth under “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk 
Factors.” The following describes the most significant of such factors since the beginning of 2020. 
Political Developments 
The Group’s operations are primarily in Türkiye (or related to Turkish activities) and almost all of its operating income 
and net income are derived from its Turkish operations (including Turkish-related business for the Group’s operations abroad). 
Accordingly, its results of operations and financial condition are and will continue to be significantly affected by Turkish 
political, regulatory and macroeconomic factors, including factors such as currency fluctuations, the Central Bank’s regulatory 
policy, economic growth rates, inflation and fluctuations in interest rates in Türkiye. For additional information on political 
developments in Türkiye, see “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye - Political Conditions - Political Developments.” 
Turkish Economy 
The Group’s business, including its loan portfolio, deposit base and government securities holdings, is concentrated 
in Türkiye. For example, as of 31 December 2022: (a) the Bank’s loans constituted 55.6% of its total assets, substantially all of 
which loans were made to borrowers located in Türkiye, (b) the Bank’s deposits from customers (excluding interbank deposits) 
constituted 65.4% of its total liabilities, almost all of which deposits were located in Türkiye, and (c) 18.8% of the Bank’s total 
assets were invested in securities issued by the Turkish Treasury. In addition, the Group’s non-Turkish business and assets 
(including the business and assets of the Group’s non-Turkish subsidiaries) are largely related to Türkiye, such as being related 
to Turkish customers, exports and imports. The Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations are significantly 
subject to the political and economic conditions prevailing in Türkiye, the Turkish regulatory environment and other conditions

--- Page 79 ---
60 
relating to Türkiye, including the economic growth rate, the rate of inflation and fluctuations in exchange and interest rates (see 
“Interest Rates” and “Exchange Rates” below). 
The following table provides certain macroeconomic indicators for Türkiye, including real GDP growth, inflation rates 
and the Central Bank’s overnight Turkish Lira policy rate for each of the indicated periods: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Nominal GDP at current prices (TL millions).............................................................................
5,048,220
7,248,789
15,006,574
Real GDP growth in Turkish Lira...............................................................................................
1.9%
11.4%
5.6%
(Deficit)/surplus of consolidated budget/GDP(1).........................................................................
(3.5)%
(2.8)%
(0.9)%
CPI..............................................................................................................................................
14.6%
36.1%
64.3%
Producer Price Inflation..............................................................................................................
25.1%
79.9%
97.7%
Central Bank overnight Turkish Lira borrowing interest rate, period-end ..................................
15.50%
12.50%
7.50%
Central Bank one week Turkish Lira repo rate/policy rate, period-end(2) ...................................
17.00%
14.00%
9%
Refinancing rate of the Central Bank, period-end.......................................................................
18.50%
15.50%
10.50%
Central Bank late liquidity window lending interest rate, period-end.........................................
21.50%
18.50%
13.50%
Central Bank weighted average cost of funding, period-end ......................................................
17.03%
14.00%
9.04%
Nominal appreciation (depreciation) of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar(3) ....................
(19.1)%
(43.4)%
(30.6)%
CPI-based real effective exchange rate appreciation (depreciation) (2003=100)........................
(18.5)%
(23.0)%
14.7%
Gross gold and international currency reserves, period-end (U.S. dollars, millions) ..................
94,628
111,051
128,754
 __________________________  
Sources: TurkStat for nominal GDP at current prices, GDP growth, inflation, Turkish Treasury, General Directorate of Public Accounts, for deficit/surplus of 
consolidated budget and Central Bank for reference overnight borrowing interest rate, refinancing rate, nominal appreciation (depreciation) of the Turkish Lira 
against the U.S. dollar, real effective exchange rate and total gross gold and international currency reserves. 
(1) 
This figure is the sum of the budget deficit as of each month-end date for the 12-month period over the sum of the GDP amounts as of each quarter-end 
date for the four consecutive quarters ended on the last day of the applicable period. 
(2) 
The Central Bank announces the weekly repo lending rate as the reference rate. 
(3) 
Based upon the Turkish Lira indicative exchange rate for purchases of U.S. dollars announced by the Central Bank effective as of the last day of the 
period. 
Interest Rates 
Impact on the Group’s assets and liabilities. One of the primary factors affecting the Group’s profitability is the level 
of, and fluctuations in, interest rates in Türkiye, which in turn influence the return on the Group’s total securities portfolio and 
its loan and deposit rates. Interest earned and paid on the Group’s assets and liabilities reflects, to a certain degree, actual 
inflation, inflation expectations, shifts in short-term interest rates set by the Central Bank and movements in long-term real 
interest rates. Although the impact of decreasing interest rates earned on assets has had a direct and material impact on the 
Group’s profitability, and the Group has been further negatively affected by competitive pressures from both public and private 
sector banks to raise or maintain interest rates on deposits in order to attract and retain depositors, the Group has utilised 
alternative sources for raising funds with lower costs compared to deposits, thereby mitigating this competitive pressure. 
Because the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities (principally deposits) generally reprice faster than its interest-earning 
assets, changes in the short-term interest rates in Türkiye are generally reflected in the rates of interest paid by the Group on its 
liabilities before such interest rates are reflected in the rates of interest earned by the Group on its assets. Therefore, when short-
term interest rates fall, the Group is both positively affected (for example, the value of its fixed rate securities portfolio might 
increase and its interest margins on existing loans might improve) and negatively impacted (for example, through the decline 
in net interest margins on assets (such as new loans) funded by relatively low interest rate deposits). On the other hand, when 
short-term rates increase, the Group’s interest margin is generally negatively affected as it will generally pay higher interest 
rates on its interest-bearing liabilities before it can modify the rates of its interest-earning assets. Starting from July 2019, the 
Central Bank made cuts to the policy rate until September 2020, which resulted in lower funding costs; however, the rates then 
increased materially until March 2021 (to 19.00%) due to the monetary tightening policy of the Central Bank, which lead to an 
increase in interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. As rates were again reduced in the latter part of 2021 and through 2022, 
the Group benefitted by obtaining reduced funding costs and improved margins, particularly as market interest rates on loans 
and securities were de-linked from policy rates. An increase in long-term rates generally has at least a short-term negative effect 
on the Bank’s net interest margin because its interest-earning assets generally have a longer repricing duration than its interest-
bearing liabilities and because a portion of its interest-earning assets have fixed rates of interest. In addition, rising interest rates 
initially would likely reduce the value of the Group’s investment securities portfolio, but ultimately would likely result in 
increased interest income on assets included in this portfolio thereafter. Interest rates are expected to remain volatile as a result 
of factors generally affecting emerging markets as well as domestic economic and political conditions in Türkiye. See “-Turkish 
Economy” above and “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Group and its Business - Market Risks - Interest Rate Risks.”

--- Page 80 ---
61 
As of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, 32.5%, 33.3% and 35.6% of the Bank’s loans and 41.7%, 
40.5% and 43.5% of the Bank’s interest-earning assets were at floating rates. The fixed/floating composition of the Group’s 
assets and liabilities is mainly determined by general market trends and customer demands. As a result, due to the highly 
competitive banking environment, the Group’s ability to change the composition of loans and deposits within a short period of 
time is limited. On the other hand, the Group tries to diversify its total securities portfolio in terms of maturity and repricing 
periods in order to balance the duration mismatch of the entire balance sheet. 
The Group’s interest income is primarily comprised of: (a) interest earned on its loan portfolio (TL 88,814 million 
(63.2% of total interest income) in 2022, TL 48,415 million (69.7% of total interest income) in 2021 and TL 34,768 million 
(72.5% of total interest income) in 2020) and (b) interest earned from its total securities portfolio (TL 45,597 million (32.4% 
of total interest income) in 2022, TL 17,499 million (25.2% of total interest income) in 2021 and TL 11,566 million (24.1% of 
total interest income) in 2020). For further information on the Group’s total securities portfolio, see “Total Securities Portfolio.” 
The Group’s primary sources of funding for the periods under review have typically been short-term deposits, funds 
borrowed, marketable securities issued and repurchase (“repo”) transactions with the Central Bank. The Group’s cost of funding 
in relation to repo transactions and deposit-based funding generally decreases as the Central Bank rates decrease and vice versa. 
The Group’s current excess foreign currency liquidity provides the Group the flexibility to manage its cost of funding in Turkish 
Lira through foreign currency swap transactions, primarily with the Central Bank. While the cost of these derivative transactions 
is accounted for as a trading cost, the Bank’s management considers it as an integral cost of funding as these transactions are 
executed to raise Turkish Lira funds. 
Central Bank’s Monetary and Exchange Rate Policy. Among the most significant indicators of the movements in 
interest rates as they affect the Group is the Central Bank’s weekly Turkish Lira repo rate. See the table in “Turkish Economy” 
above for the weekly Turkish Lira repo rate during recent periods. Although decreases in interest rates might result in changes 
in margins for banks (including the Bank), and increases might result in higher interest costs for the Group’s funding, whether 
decreases or increases will negatively affect the Group’s net interest income depends upon the magnitude of their impact on its 
loan portfolio, total securities portfolio and various funding sources, as well as the timing of such impacts. 
Since February 2001, the Central Bank has applied a floating exchange rate policy. Exchange rates for the Turkish 
Lira have historically been, and continue to be, highly volatile and recent events have further contributed to significant 
fluctuations in the value of the Turkish Lira and various governmental policies to respond to currency volatility and the resulting 
economic conditions. In recent years, there have been a number of periods of sharp depreciation and some recovery in the value 
of the Turkish Lira (e.g., the Turkish Lira depreciated against the U.S. dollar by 19.1% in 2020, 43.4% in 2021 and 30.6% in 
2022). The Central Bank has from time to time used its interest rate policy, reserve requirements and other tools to try to lower 
inflationary pressures arising from exchange rate volatility, including some fairly large hikes in interest rates in 2018 (which 
were then followed by large decreases in 2019 and early 2020 as inflation moderated). Starting in September 2020, interest 
rates were again increased in order to address inflationary risk accentuated by a depreciation in the value of the Turkish Lira. 
Rates were then reduced starting in September 2021 in order to support economic activity. 
Margins have frequently been subject to volatility due to the changes in monetary policy in Türkiye and high levels of 
competition. The Bank closely monitors its funding costs, in particular during periods in which liquidity conditions are 
tightened. During such periods, the Bank’s main pillar of asset liability management has been diversifying its funding portfolio 
with less expensive funding sources, including repo and swap transactions. In 2020, 2021 and 2022, the net interest margin of 
the Bank was 4.4%, 3.1% and 6.8%. 
In light of interest rate fluctuations that might have, a negative impact on margins, the Group’s strategy is to seek to 
increase its business volumes and to focus on cost control, profitability and asset quality. In addition to movements in market 
interest rates, competition among both Turkish private and public sector banks has been a key variable impacting changes in 
the Group’s interest income and interest expense (see “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group and its Business – Operational 
Risks – Competition in the Turkish Banking Sector”). 
Central Bank Reserve Requirements 
From time to time, the Central Bank, with a view toward supporting financial stability, increases the reserve 
requirement ratios for foreign exchange-denominated liabilities of banks and financing companies. These reserve rate increases 
have had an adverse effect on the Bank’s profitability as, due to competitive pressures, the Bank has been only partially able to 
pass on such increases in its overall costs of funding to customers. The Bank tries to mitigate the adverse impact on net interest 
margins from increases in reserve requirements by benefiting from the flexibilities offered by the Central Bank for fulfilling 
the reserve requirement obligations of banks. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment – Liquidity and Reserve Requirements.”

--- Page 81 ---
62 
The Central Bank’s actions are frequently taken in part to reduce weakness and volatility in the value of the Turkish Lira by 
encouraging the banking sector to borrow foreign currencies on a longer-term basis. 
In addition to the Central Bank’s reserve requirement policy, it introduced the “Reserve Option Mechanism” as a 
monetary policy tool. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Central Bank regulations permit Turkish banks to maintain 0% 
of their Turkish Lira reserve requirements in U.S. dollars and euro, 10% in standard gold and 15% in scrap gold (which option 
regarding Turkish Lira reserve requirements in U.S. dollars and euro terminated as of 1 October 2021, with the option regarding 
Turkish Lira reserve requirements in standard gold to be thereafter gradually decreased and eventually terminated pursuant to 
the Central Bank’s announcement dated 9 November 2021). Within the Reserve Option Mechanism facility, the amount of 
foreign exchange or gold that can be held per unit of Turkish Lira is determined by certain reserve option coefficients and, as 
the portion of reserve requirements held in foreign exchange or gold increases, a bank has to hold higher amounts of foreign 
exchange or gold per unit of Turkish Lira. This mechanism provides banks with flexibility to adjust the cost of their Turkish 
Lira reserve requirements. The Group’s policy is to seek to meet its Turkish Lira reserve requirement obligations by holding 
foreign exchange or gold in order to seek to decrease the total cost of its Turkish Lira reserve requirements; however, the Capital 
Adequacy Regulation increased risk weights of foreign currency claims on the Central Bank in the form of required reserves 
from 0% to 50%, while Turkish Lira-denominated claims on the Central Bank continued to be subject to preferential treatment 
of a 0% risk weight. On 24 February 2017, the BRSA published a decision that also enables banks to use (in capital adequacy 
calculations) a 0% risk weight for foreign currency reserves required to be held with the Central Bank. 
Effective from 9 August 2019, the Central Bank introduced a special provision requirement regime applicable to 
certain Turkish Lira-denominated liabilities and remuneration rates of Turkish banks with annual loan growth rates (calculated 
pursuant to a formula published by the Central Bank) within a certain range. Accordingly, the Central Bank announced that 
banks with an annual growth rate in certain Turkish Lira-denominated loans of 10% to 20% would benefit from a reduced 
reserve requirement ratio of: (a) 2% (previously 7%) in respect of their Turkish Lira deposits with a maturity of up to three 
months and (b) 2% (previously 4%) in respect of their Turkish Lira deposits with a maturity of up to six months. In addition, 
banks with such an annual loan growth rate were entitled to receive a higher interest rate than paid to other banks on their 
reserve accounts maintained in Turkish Lira. As of 9 December 2019, the Central Bank changed the calculation method for the 
annual loan growth rate (thereafter to be determined in real, as opposed to nominal, terms and subject to certain adjustments) 
and decreased the range to 5% to 15%. 
On 18 July 2020, the Central Bank increased foreign currency reserve requirement ratios by 300 basis points in all 
liability types and maturity brackets for all banks. On 20 August 2020, for banks meeting the annual loan growth rates described 
in the previous paragraph, the Central Bank raised: (a) foreign currency reserve requirement ratios by 700 basis points for 
precious metal deposit accounts and 200 basis points for all other foreign currency liabilities and all maturity brackets and (b) 
Turkish Lira reserve requirement ratios by 200 basis points for all deposits/participation funds with a maturity of up to six 
months and other liabilities with a maturity of up to one year and by 150 basis points for other liabilities with a maturity of up 
to three years. 
On 17 March 2020, as part of the government’s efforts to contain the possible adverse effects on the Turkish economy 
of the global uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the Central Bank issued a press release announcing that 
(effective from 6 March 2020) foreign currency reserve requirement ratios were reduced by 500 basis points in all liability types 
and all maturity brackets for banks meeting the annual loan growth rates described in the previous paragraph. In addition, 
through an amendment to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, the Central Bank adjusted the annual growth 
rates noted therein by adding sector-specific criteria and providing that, in the calculation of the annual growth rate, a bank 
should exclude its Turkish Lira-denominated loans extended to customers to repay their foreign currency-denominated cash 
loans. In the same announcement, the Central Bank confirmed the implementation of other temporary measures: (a) providing 
banks with flexibility in Turkish Lira and foreign currency liquidity management, (b) offering targeted additional liquidity 
facilities to banks to secure credit flow to the corporate sector and (c) aiming to boost the cash flow of exporters by facilitating 
the discounting of export receivables. 
On 27 November 2020, the Central Bank: (a) repealed the reserve requirement related to a bank’s annual loan growth, 
(b) revised the reserve requirement ratios and remuneration rates such that they apply to all banks equally and (c) effective as 
of 27 November 2020: (i) revised to 12% per annum the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves and 
(ii) reduced the commission rate applied to the reserves maintained against U.S. dollar-denominated deposits and participation 
fund liabilities from 1.25% to 0%. As a result, from December 2020, the reserve requirement ratios for: (A) deposits and 
participation funds (excluding those obtained from banks abroad) on demand and with a maturity up to (and including) three 
months and Turkish Lira-denominated other liabilities (including deposits and participation funds received from banks abroad) 
with a maturity up to (and including) one year were reduced to 6% per annum from 7% per annum, (B) foreign currency-
denominated deposits and participation funds (excluding deposits and participation funds obtained from banks abroad and

--- Page 82 ---
63 
precious metal deposit accounts) on demand and with a maturity less than one year were reduced to 19% per annum from 22% 
per annum, (C) foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds (excluding deposits and participation funds 
obtained from banks abroad and precious metal deposit accounts) with a maturity of one year or more were reduced to 13% per 
annum from 18% per annum and (D) other foreign currency-denominated liabilities (regardless of maturity) were reduced by 
3% per annum (to a range of 5% per annum to 21% per annum). As of 19 February 2021, the reserve requirement ratios for 
Turkish Lira deposits and participation funds and Turkish Lira-denominated other liabilities were increased by 2% per annum 
for all maturity brackets. 
On 24 February 2021, the Central Bank: (a) increased Turkish Lira reserve requirement ratios by 200 basis points for 
all liability types and maturity brackets, (b) revised portions of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements that Turkish banks are 
permitted to maintain in U.S. dollars and standard gold and (c) revised to 13.50% the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-
denominated required reserves. On 1 July 2021, the Central Bank: (i) reduced the maximum percentage of Turkish Lira reserves 
it can allow to be held in U.S. dollars from 20% to 10% and terminated the option of Turkish banks to maintain a portion of the 
Turkish Lira reserve requirements in U.S. dollars as of 1 October 2021, (ii) increased the reserve requirement ratios for foreign 
currency-denominated deposits and participation funds by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets and (iii) started to apply 
remuneration rates from 13.5% to 19.0% per annum for Turkish Lira-denominated reserves of banks depending upon certain 
conditions, each of which changes became effective from the calculation date of 6 August 2021 (with the maintenance period 
starting on 19 July 2021). On 15 September 2021, the Central Bank increased reserve requirement ratios for foreign currency-
denominated deposits and participation funds and precious metals deposit accounts by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets 
effective as of 17 September 2021. On 9 November 2021, the Central Bank: (A) further reduced the maximum percentage of 
Turkish Lira reserves it would allow to be held in standard gold from 15% to 10% and announced that the facility for holding 
standard gold for Turkish Lira reserve requirements will be gradually decreased and eventually terminated and (B) increased 
the reserve requirement ratios for foreign currency deposits/participation funds by a further 200 basis points for all maturity 
brackets effective from the calculation date of 12 November 2021 (with the maintenance period starting on 28 October 2021). 
See also “Turkish Regulatory Environment – Liquidity and Reserve Requirements” with respect to certain actions taken since 
the beginning of 2022. 
On 23 April 2022, the Central Bank amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements (effective as of 
29 April 2022) to require Turkish banks to establish mandatory reserves for their Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash 
loans; provided that the following are excluded: (a) loans provided to SMEs, tradesmen, financial institutions and/or certain 
governmental authorities and their subsidiaries and (b) export and investment loans, agricultural loans and corporate credit 
cards. With respect to such amendments (as further amended on 10 June 2022), banks are required to reserve 20% of the relevant 
commercial loans (as calculated on the last Friday of every four week period) for a maintenance period of four weeks. In 
addition, as a provisional application, banks with a growth rate in loans subject to reserve requirements above 20% as of 31 May 
2022 compared to 31 December 2021 are required to maintain mandatory reserves between 10 June 2022 and 24 November 
2022 at a rate of 20% of the difference between their existing such loan balances on 31 March 2022 and 31 December 2021 
(the “Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement”). 
Such adjustments have had, and are likely to continue to have, an impact on the Group’s results of operations. 
Exchange Rates 
A significant portion of the Group’s assets and liabilities is denominated in foreign currencies, particularly U.S. dollars 
and euro. As of 31 December 2022, 42.0% of the Group’s total assets and 49.3% of the Group’s total liabilities were 
denominated in foreign currencies. 
While the Group monitors its net position in foreign currencies (i.e., the amount by which its foreign currency-
denominated assets differ from its foreign currency-denominated liabilities) and each of the Bank and the Group is required to 
comply with foreign currency position limits promulgated by the BRSA, each of the Bank and the Group has maintained (and 
likely will continue to maintain) gaps between the balances of its foreign currency assets and liabilities. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, a bank’s limit imposed by the BRSA is defined as an amount plus/minus 10% of the total capital used in the 
calculation of such bank’s regulatory capital adequacy ratios; however, the BRSA may increase (up to 20%) or reduce (but not 
below 10%) such amount from time to time. 
Historically, the Bank has sought to maintain a balance between such assets and liabilities based upon the actual 
composition of its balance sheet and off-balance sheet positions at any time and, as a general matter, does not enter into any 
speculative positions. Under BRSA rules, any foreign exchange gains and losses are accounted for together with any gains and 
losses from the Group’s investment in foreign exchange-based derivative financial instruments.

--- Page 83 ---
64 
The Bank seeks to manage its actual foreign exchange position close to neutral levels (taking into account provisions 
for foreign currency loans) to minimise or eliminate the overall effect of exchange rate movements on the Bank’s results of 
operations. Under trading income, the primary contributor to the sum of foreign exchange gains/losses and derivative financial 
instruments gains/losses is the cost of the Bank’s foreign exchange swap transactions that are executed to raise Turkish Lira 
funding. As a result, the net total of foreign exchange gains/losses and derivative financial instruments gains/losses of the Bank 
should be considered together - for 2020, 2021 and 2022, this calculation resulted in a loss of TL 3,677 million, a loss of 
TL 5,506 million and a gain of TL 1,208 million, respectively. 
Exchange rate movements can also have an effect on the Turkish Lira-equivalent value of the Group’s foreign 
currency-denominated assets, liabilities and capital, which can affect capital adequacy either positively (for example, if the 
Turkish Lira appreciates, then assets in foreign currencies translate into fewer Turkish Lira in the calculations of capital 
adequacy ratios and thus increase the capital adequacy ratios) or negatively (for example, if the Turkish Lira depreciates, then 
assets in foreign currency translate into more Turkish Lira in the calculations of capital adequacy ratios and thus reduce the 
capital adequacy ratios). For example, due to the depreciation of the Turkish Lira, the capital adequacy ratios of the Bank and 
the Group (as set out in “Capital Adequacy” below) were adversely affected as of 31 December 2022 compared to 31 December 
2021. 
Total Securities Portfolio 
To determine their classification and measurement category, TFRS 9 requires all financial assets, except equity 
instruments and derivatives, to be assessed based upon both the Group’s business models for managing the assets and the 
instruments’ contractual cash flow characteristics. Financial asset are classified according to TFRS 9 as: (a) financial assets at 
fair value through profit or loss, (b) financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and (c) financial assets 
measured at amortised cost. The Group recognises a financial asset in its BRSA Financial Statements when it becomes a party 
to the contract of such financial asset. Financial assets are measured at their fair value on initial recognition in the financial 
statements. 
The Group has three different business models for the classification of financial assets: 
- 
Business model aimed to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows: Financial assets held under 
this business model are managed to collect contractual cash flows over the life of these financial assets. The Group 
manages its assets held under this portfolio in order to collect certain contractual cash flows. 
- 
Business model aimed to collect contracted cash flows of financial assets and selling: In this business model, the Bank 
intends to both collect contractual cash flows of financial assets and sell these financial assets. 
- 
Other business models: This is a business model in which financial assets are neither held within the scope of the other 
two business models. In this business model, financial assets are measured by reflecting their fair value in profit or 
loss. 
If the Group changes the business model used to manage a financial asset, then the Group may reclassify such financial 
asset. The Group derecognises a financial asset if: (a) the rights related to the cash flows of such financial asset are terminated, 
(b) the risks and rights of such a financial asset are transferred to a significant extent or (c) the Group no longer has control over 
such financial asset. Further information on the TFRS 9 categories is set out below: 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss: These are financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss other than those that are measured at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income. Financial 
assets at fair value through profit or loss are: (a) financial assets held for the purpose of generating profit from short-
term fluctuations in price or from similar factors in the market, (b) part of a portfolio that seeks profitability in the 
short-term regardless of the acquisition reason or (c) financial assets that are not held in a business model that aims to 
collect and/or sell contractual cash flows of financial assets. 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are initially measured at fair value on the balance sheet 
and are then subsequently remeasured at their fair value. Gains or losses arising from a revaluation are reflected in the 
income statement. 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: These are financial assets: (a) that are 
held under a business model that aims to both collect contractual cash flows and sell these financial assets and (b) the

--- Page 84 ---
65 
contractual terms of which lead to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount 
outstanding at specific dates. 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are initially recognised in the financial 
statements at their fair value, including the related transaction costs. The initial recognition and subsequent revaluation 
of such financial assets, including the related transaction costs, are carried out on a fair value basis and the difference 
between their amortised cost and their cost of borrowing is recognised in profit or loss by using the effective interest 
method. Dividend income arising from investments in equity instruments that are classified as “financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income” is also recognised in income statements. 
Gains and losses, except impairment gain or loss and foreign exchange gain or loss, arising from changes in 
the fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are reflected to other comprehensive 
income until de-recognised or re-classified. When the value of a financial asset is collected or when a financial asset 
is disposed, the related fair value differences accumulated in the shareholders’ equity are transferred to the income 
statement. 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost: These are financial assets that are held within the framework of 
a business model aimed to collect contractual cash flows over the life of the financial asset and the contractual terms 
of which result in cash flows that include principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding at specific dates. 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost are initially recognised at their fair value, including the related transaction 
costs, and then they are subject to revaluation with their net present value by using the effective interest rate method, 
in which any provision for impairment is deducted. Interest income from financial assets measured at amortised cost 
are recognised in the income statement as an “interest income.” 
The Group’s investment securities portfolio amounted to TL 309,082 million as of 31 December 2022. Of this amount, 
TL 106,956 million, or 34.6%, was classified as financial assets measured at amortised cost and the remainder was classified 
as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. The Group also had a trading securities portfolio 
amounting to TL 33,575 million as of such date. Interest income derived from the Group’s trading securities portfolio and 
investment securities portfolio amounted to TL 45,597 million for 2022 (accounting for 32.4% of total interest income for the 
year), TL 17,499 million for 2021 (accounting for 25.2% of total interest income for the year) and TL 11,566 million for 2020 
(accounting for 24.1% of total interest income for the year). The relative size of the Group’s total securities portfolio was 20.0% 
of total assets as of 31 December 2022, 15.7% of total assets as of 31 December 2021 and 18.1% of total assets as of 
31 December 2020. The decrease in 2021 was due to lower levels of debt issuance by the Turkish Treasury, which (as the Bank 
is a market maker in such debt) resulted in a decreased obligation to purchase a portion of such issuances, and the Group’s own 
portfolio management strategy, whereas the increase in 2022 resulted from the impact of inflation and new regulations that 
increased the amount of government securities required to be held by Turkish banks. 
In 2020, the Turkish Lira yield curve increased approximately 442 basis points in the short-end and increased 
approximately 70 basis points in the long-end. In 2021, the Turkish Lira yield curve increased approximately 521 basis points 
in the short-end and increased approximately 1,076 basis points in the long-end. In 2022, the Turkish Lira yield curve decreased 
by approximately 1,085 basis points in the short-end and approximately 1,400 basis points in the long-end. These movements 
in the yield curve affect the Group’s net interest income and interest expense. The Group follows a portfolio strategy that takes 
various factors into consideration, including the political and financial environment. 
Branch Network 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had the most extensive branch network of all private sector banks in Türkiye and 
had branches in every city in the country (source for comparative data: Banks Association of Türkiye). Unlike many of its 
competitors, in addition to the city branches, the Bank also has branches in rural districts. The Bank opened one new domestic 
branch in 2020 (45 branches were consolidated with other branches during this year), two new domestic branches during 2021 
(33 domestic branches were consolidated with other branches during this year) and five new domestic branches in 2022 (69 
domestic branches were consolidated with other branches during this year). Given the size of the Group’s existing network of 
branches, the Group’s current strategy regarding its branch network is to optimise its domestic branch network in accordance 
with the digital evolution of the Bank. As a growing share of customers prefer digital channels rather than physical channels, 
the Bank plans to open three new domestic branches and one new branch outside of Türkiye and consolidate approximately 15 
domestic branches in 2023.

--- Page 85 ---
66 
Provisioning for Impaired Loans 
Loans and receivables are classified and followed in line with the provisions of the Classification of Loans and 
Provisions Regulation (which replaced the former “Regulation on Procedures and Principles for Determination of Qualifications 
of Loans and Other Receivables by Banks and Provisions to be Set Aside”) and both general (for Group I and II loans) and 
specific (for Group III, IV and V loans) provisions are calculated and allocated in accordance with TFRS 9. 
As part of the Group’s risk management principles and effective management of its loan portfolio, the Group monitors 
market conditions and selectively sells NPLs when doing so is viewed as maximising recovery rates and returns. The Bank did 
not sell any NPLs during 2020; however, in 2021, the Bank sold TL 745.5 million of NPLs to asset management companies in 
March 2021 and a further TL 351.4 million in September 2021. The Bank also sold TL 363.5 million of NPLs for TL 76.6 
million in May 2022. 
Provisions that have been made within the current fiscal year but are released within the same fiscal year result in a 
credit to the “Provision Expenses” account in the quarter of release, while the released parts of provisions from previous years 
are transferred to and recognised in the “Other Operating Income” account. For further information on the Group’s internal loan 
provision requirements, see Section Three, VIII of the consolidated BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2022. 
During 2020, provisioning also reflects the impact of forbearance measures taken by the BRSA as a response to the 
COVID-19 pandemic, which continued through 30 September 2021 (and, per a BRSA announcement on 16 September 2021, 
continues to apply to loans that were overdue for more than 31 days but not more than 90 days (for Stage 1 loans) and to loans 
that were overdue for more than 91 days but not more than 180 days (for Stage 2 loans) as of 1 October 2021). See “Turkish 
Regulatory Environment - Expected Credit Losses - Current Rules.” 
Critical Accounting Policies 
The Group’s accounting policies are integral to understanding its results of operations and financial condition 
presented in the BRSA Annual Financial Statements. The Group’s critical and other significant accounting policies are 
described in Section Three of the consolidated BRSA Annual Financial Statements. The preparation of these financial 
statements requires the Bank’s senior management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets 
and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported period. On an ongoing basis, management 
evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to allowance for losses, investments, income taxes, financing 
operations and contingencies, litigation and arbitration. Management bases its estimates and judgments upon historical 
experience and various other factors that the Bank’s management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. The 
Group’s actual results might differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments and conditions. 
The Bank’s management believes that the following significant accounting policies require more critical judgments or 
estimates or involve a greater degree of complexity in the application of accounting policies that affect the Group’s financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Consolidation of Subsidiaries and Associates 
In the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements, the Bank consolidates entities that are controlled by the Bank only if they 
are financial participations. The Bank does not consolidate its non-financial participations in the consolidated BRSA Financial 
Statements but rather reflects them under “Investments in Associates” and “Investments in Subsidiaries.” For a list of the Bank’s 
financial participations as of 31 December 2022, see “The Group and its Business – Subsidiaries and other Affiliates - Financial 
Participations,” and for a list of the Bank’s non-financial participations as of such date, see “Business of the Group – 
Subsidiaries and other Affiliates – Non-Financial Participations.” See also Appendix A (“Overview of Differences between 
IFRS and the BRSA Principles”). In determining whether the Bank controls another entity, the Bank’s management considers 
the Bank’s power to appoint or remove from office the decision-taking majority of members of board of directors through direct 
or indirect possession of the majority of the entity’s capital irrespective of the requirement of owning more than 50% of its 
capital, or by having control over the majority of the voting right as a consequence of holding privileged shares or of agreements 
with other shareholders although not owning the majority of capital. 
There are no credit or financial institution subsidiaries that were excluded from the scope of consolidation in each of 
the BRSA Annual Financial Statements. The Bank’s subsidiaries that were consolidated in the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial 
Statements: (a) as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 are Anadolu Anonim Türk Sigorta Şirketi, Anadolu Hayat

--- Page 86 ---
67 
Emeklilik A.Ş., İşbank AG, İş Faktoring A.Ş., İş Finansal Kiralama A.Ş., İş Gayrimenkul Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş., İş Girişim 
Sermayesi Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş., İş Portföy Yönetimi A.Ş., İş Yatırım Menkul Değerler A.Ş., İş Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş., Maxis 
Investments Ltd., Milli Reasürans T.A.Ş., TSKB Gayrimenkul Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş., TSKB, Yatırım Finansman Menkul 
Değerler A.Ş., Efes Varlık Yönetim A.Ş., Maxis Girişim Sermayesi Portföy Yönetimi A.Ş., Joint Stock Company İşbank (JSC 
İşbank), İşbank Georgia and Yatırım Varlık Kiralama A.Ş., (b) as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 included all of 
the subsidiaries listed in clause (a) and Moka Ödeme ve Elektronik Para Kuruluşu A.Ş., which was acquired by the Bank in 
January 2021, and (c) as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022, included all of the subsidiaries listed in clause (b). 
An associate is an entity in which the Bank owns capital and over which it has a significant influence but no control, 
whether established at home or abroad. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy of 
the investee. If the Bank holds qualified shares in the associate, then it is presumed that the Bank has significant influence 
unless otherwise demonstrated. A substantial or majority ownership by another investor does not necessarily preclude an 
investor from having significant influence. A qualified share is the share that directly or indirectly constitutes 10% or more of 
an entity’s capital or voting rights and, irrespective of this requirement, possession of privileged shares giving right to appoint 
members of the board of directors. 
The equity method is an evaluation method of associates by which the book value of the Bank’s share in the associate’s 
equity is increased or decreased by the Bank’s proportional share in the change in the associate company’s equity and the 
dividend received by the Bank is deducted. 
Arap Türk Bankası A.Ş., the only financial associate (as defined under TAS 28 (Standards on Investment in Associates 
and Joint Ventures)) of the Bank as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, was accounted in the Group’s BRSA Annual 
Financial Statements using the equity method. See “The Group and its Business - Subsidiaries and other Affiliates - Other 
Financial Participations - Banking.” 
Impairment of Financial Assets 
Special provisions are set aside for: (a) the receivables from the Group’s leasing and factoring business and (b) 
receivables acquired through the Group’s asset management activities in accordance with the applicable regulations. These 
specific provisions are included in the income statement. Provisions set aside and released in the same year are credited in the 
“Provision Expense” account, whereas released provisions that were set aside in past years are accounted in the “Other 
Operating Income” item. 
Other than specific provisions, the Bank and the financial institutions in the Group also provide “general allowances” 
for loans and other receivables classified in accordance with applicable regulations. 
Interest Income and Expenses 
Interest income is recorded according to the effective interest rate method (the rate equal to the net present value of 
the future cash flows from financial assets and liabilities) defined in TFRS 9 by applying the effective interest rate to the gross 
carrying amount of a financial asset, except for purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets or financial assets that 
are not purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets but subsequently have become credit-impaired financial assets. 
Under TFRS 9, the Bank does not reverse the interest accruals and re-discounts of NPLs and other receivables and monitors 
the related amounts under interest income and calculates expected credit loss on these amounts according to the relevant 
methodology. 
Net Fees and Commissions Income and Expenses 
Except for fees and commissions that are an integral part of the effective interest rates of financial instruments 
measured at amortised costs, fees and commissions are accounted in accordance with TFRS 15 (Revenue from Contracts with 
Customers). Fees and commission income and expenses are recorded either on an accrual basis or by using the effective interest 
rate method. Income earned in return for services rendered contractually or due to operations like sale or purchase of assets on 
behalf of a third party individual or legal person are recognised in the income accounts in the period of collection. 
Employee Benefits Obligations 
According to the related regulation and collective bargaining agreements, the Bank and consolidated companies 
(excluding entities residing outside of Türkiye) are obligated to pay termination benefits for employees who retire, die, quit for

--- Page 87 ---
68 
their military service obligations, have been dismissed as defined in the related regulation or (for female employees) have 
voluntarily quit within one year after the date of their marriage. Within the scope of TAS 19 (Employee Benefits), the Bank 
allocates seniority pay provisions for employee benefits by estimating the present value of the probable future liabilities. As the 
legislations of the countries in which the Bank’s non-Turkish subsidiaries operate do not require retirement pay provisions, no 
provision liability has been recognised for such companies. In addition, provision is also allocated for employees’ unused paid 
vacation. 
According to Turkish law, the President is authorised to determine the date to transfer to the Social Security Institution 
the rights and obligations related to: (a) the contributors of a bank’s pension funds, such as the İşbank Pension Fund, and (b) 
those who receive salaries or income from these funds and their rightful beneficiaries. According to Turkish law, with respect 
to such a pension fund: 
 
through a commission constituted by the attendance of one representative from each of the Social Security 
Institution, the Turkish Treasury, the State Planning Organisation, the BRSA and the SDIF, one representative 
from such pension fund and one representative from the organisation employing such pension fund’s 
participants, the cash value of the liabilities of such pension fund as of the transfer date will be calculated by 
considering its income and expenses for the different applicable lines of insurance within the context of the 
related law and a technical interest rate of 9.8% will be used in the actuarial calculation of such value, and 
 
any benefits provided for under such pension fund’s documents but not transferred to the Social Security 
Institution will continue to be covered by such pension fund and funded by the employer(s) of the 
beneficiaries of such pension fund. 
In line with the law, the Bank had an actuarial valuation made for the aforementioned pension fund as of 31 December 
2022. Based upon the resulting report, a provision for the actuarial and technical deficit was recognised in the BRSA Annual 
Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
In addition to the Bank, Anadolu Anonim Türk Sigorta Şirketi, Milli Reasürans T.A.Ş. and TSKB also obtained an 
actuarial report as of 31 December 2022 for their respective pension funds. The amount of actuarial and technical deficit in the 
actuarial report of Milli Reasürans T.A.Ş. has been included in the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements, while there 
was no indicated operational or actuarial deficit from Anadolu Anonim Türk Sigorta Şirketi and TSKB. 
Key Performance Indicators 
The Group calculates certain ratios in order to measure its performance and compare it to the performance of its main 
competitors. The following table sets out certain key performance indicators for the Group (and, with respect to the net interest 
margin, the Bank) for the indicated dates/periods, which indicators are (among others) those used by the Group’s management 
to manage its business: 
 
As of (or for the year ended) 
31 December 
Key Ratios 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Return on average shareholders’ equity excluding minority interest.....
10.7%
18.5%
46.8%
Net interest margin.................................................................................
5.8%
5.6%
8.7%
Cost-to-income ratio ..............................................................................
36.0%
34.5%
27.5%
NPL ratio ...............................................................................................
5.4%
4.0%
3.0%
Cost to average total assets ....................................................................
2.1%
2.2%
2.8%
Capital ratios:
Tier 1 ratio(1) ..........................................................................................
13.0%
13.9%
18.3%
Capital adequacy ratio(2).........................................................................
17.0%
18.7%
21.8%
Total Stage 3 coverage ratio...................................................................
124.9%
151.0%
177.8%
Coverage ratio........................................................................................
62.1%
65.0%
75.6%
 _________________________  
(1) The tier 1 ratio is: (a) the tier 1 capital (i.e., the common equity tier 1 capital plus additional tier 1 capital minus regulatory adjustments to common 
equity) as a percentage of (b) the aggregate of the credit risk, market risk and operational risk. Capital adequacy ratios are based upon BRSA 
regulations. See “Capital Adequacy” below. 
(2) The capital adequacy ratio is: (a) the sum of tier 1 capital plus tier 2 capital (i.e., the “supplementary capital,” which comprises general provisions, 
subordinated debt) minus items to be deducted from capital (the “deductions from capital,” which comprises items such as unconsolidated equity 
interests in financial institutions and assets held for resale but held longer than five years) as a percentage of (b) the aggregate of the credit risk, 
market risk and operational risk. The capital adequacy ratios are based upon BRSA regulations. See “Capital Adequacy” below.

--- Page 88 ---
69 
Analysis of Results of Operations for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 
The tables below set out the Group’s income statement for the indicated periods. 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except where indicated)
Consolidated Income Statement Data 
Interest Income .........................................................................................................
47,960,977
69,449,187
140,591,973
Interest Income on Loans .......................................................................................
34,768,023
48,414,707
88,814,283
Interest Income on Reserve Deposits......................................................................
84,960
850,107
284,989
Interest Income on Banks .......................................................................................
488,822
686,021
1,192,676
Interest Income on Money Market Placements.......................................................
116,834
401,957
1,235,823
Interest Income on Marketable Securities Portfolio................................................
11,565,656
17,499,167
45,597,027
Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss......................................
58,357
168,216
295,244
Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income ............
7,008,929
10,801,345
26,924,548
Financial Assets at Measured at Amortised Cost...............................................
4,498,370
6,529,606
18,377,235
Finance Lease Income............................................................................................
543,503
887,340
1,656,789
Other Interest Income.............................................................................................
393,179
709,888
1,810,386
Interest Expense........................................................................................................
18,898,262
32,530,364
54,160,597
Interest on Deposits................................................................................................
9,483,464
18,048,238
32,510,139
Interest on Funds Borrowed....................................................................................
2,344,979
2,612,115
5,536,809
Interest on Money Market Funds............................................................................
1,584,227
5,396,609
4,642,178
Interest on Securities Issued ...................................................................................
4,733,389
6,048,417
8,236,025
Financial Lease Expense ........................................................................................
146,707
163,612
247,662
Other Interest Expense ...........................................................................................  
605,496 
261,373 
2,987,784 
Net Interest Income ..................................................................................................
29,062,715
36,918,823
86,431,376
Net Fees and Commissions Income..........................................................................
4,919,413
6,691,855
14,671,415
Fees and Commissions Received............................................................................
7,381,481
10,490,764
22,118,215
Non-cash Loans......................................................................................................
1,150,770
1,327,072
2,329,047
Other ......................................................................................................................
6,230,711
9,163,692
19,789,168
Fees and Commissions Paid ...................................................................................
2,462,068
3,798,909
7,446,800
Non-cash Loans......................................................................................................
6,232
12,754
40,129
Other ......................................................................................................................
2,455,836
3,786,155
7,406,671
Dividend Income .......................................................................................................
31,057
68,548
263,526
Trading Income (net)................................................................................................
(1,206,769)
703,452
19,477,788
Gains/(Losses) on Securities Trading .....................................................................
1,228,185
1,882,678
10,507,138
Derivative Financial Transactions Gains/(Losses)..................................................
(10,138,921)
(179,759)
(10,163,186)
Foreign Exchange Gains/(Losses) ..........................................................................
7,703,967
(999,467)
19,133,836
Other Operating Income ..........................................................................................  
11,733,929 
16,883,690 
32,573,886 
Gross Operating Income ..........................................................................................
44,540,345
61,266,368
153,417,991
Expected Credit Loss (-)...........................................................................................
11,379,112
12,667,759
13,055,945
Other Provision Expenses (-)....................................................................................
2,770,928
4,142,731
6,175,130
Personnel Expense (-) ...............................................................................................
6,301,193
7,715,533
17,710,092
Other Operating Expenses (-) .................................................................................. 
14,877,965 
22,665,876 
42,171,552 
Net Operating Income/(Loss)...................................................................................
9,211,147
14,074,469
74,305,272
Profit/(Loss) From Associates Accounted for Using the Equity Method .............. 
1,455,956 
4,874,850 
10,205,448 
Profit/(Loss) On Continuing Operations Before Tax .............................................
10,667,103
18,949,319
84,510,720
Tax Provision For Continuing Operations..............................................................
2,915,351
3,389,061
15,453,038
Current Tax Provision ............................................................................................
4,778,594
2,621,921
20,565,318
Deferred Tax Income Effect (+) .............................................................................
1,206,397
3,774,382
2,936,091
Deferred Tax Expense Effect (-) ............................................................................. 
3,069,640 
3,007,242 
8,048,371 
Net Period Profit/(Loss) From Continuing Operations..........................................
7,751,752
15,560,258
69,057,682
Group’s Profit/(loss)...............................................................................................
6,655,442
13,541,060
61,598,670
Non-controlling Interest Profit/(loss)......................................................................
1,096,310
2,019,198
7,459,012
Earnings Per Share(1)................................................................................................
0.059158301
0.120362571
0.246392462
 __________________________  
(1) Earnings per share are calculated by using the average number of shares of the applicable period. Presented in Turkish Lira instead of thousands of Turkish 
Lira. 
As noted in “Presentation of Financial and Other Information – Alternative Performance Measures,” the Group’s cost-
to-income ratio for a period is calculated as: (a) the cost, which is the total operating expenses excluding insurance expenses 
for such period as a percentage of (b) the income, which is calculated as the total operating income for such period plus 
profit/loss from associates accounted for using the equity method and minus insurance expenses for such period. The calculation 
of the Group’s cost-to-income ratio for the indicated periods is as noted in “Summary Financial and Other Information.” 
As noted in “Presentation of Financial and Other Information – Alternative Performance Measures,” the Group’s cost 
to average total assets for a period is calculated as: (a) total operating expenses excluding insurance expenses for such period

--- Page 89 ---
70 
as a percentage of (b) average total assets for such period. The calculation of the Group’s cost to average total assets for the 
indicated periods is as follows: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Total operating expenses ...........................................
21,179,158
30,381,409
59,881,644
Insurance and reinsurance companies’ expenses ....... 
(7,247,084) 
(11,565,656) 
(20,610,199) 
Total costs............................................................. 
13,932,074 
18,815,753 
39,271,445 
Average total assets..............................................
654,474,415 
851,193,379 
1,399,720,375 
Cost to average total assets........................................
2.1%
2.2%
2.8%
Results of Operations for 2020, 2021 and 2022 
Interest Income 
The Group’s interest income increased by 44.8% to TL 69,449 million in 2021 and then further increased by 102.4%to 
TL 140,592 million in 2022. For 2021 and 2022, these increases resulted primarily from an increase in interest income on loans 
and securities as described below. 
The Group’s interest income is primarily derived from interest on loans and interest on total securities. For 2022, 
interest income on loans totalled TL 88,814 million (63.2% of total interest income) and interest income from total securities 
totalled TL 45,597 million (32.4% of total interest income), compared to TL 48,415 million (69.7% of total interest income) 
and TL 17,499 million (25.2% of total interest income), respectively, in 2021 and TL 34,768 million (72.5% of total interest 
income) and TL 11,566 million (24.1% of total interest income), respectively, in 2020. 
In 2021, the increase in interest income derived from the Bank’s loan portfolio was due both to the increase in interest 
rates on loans and the increase in the monthly average balance of loans. The Bank’s average interest rates on loans to customers 
increased to 11.1% in 2021. The Bank’s monthly average balance of loans increased to TL 390,308 million in 2021, a 21.8% 
increase from 2020, which increase was principally as a result of an increase in the monthly average balance of Turkish Lira-
denominated loans. The average interest rates on the Bank’s total securities portfolio increased to 13.0% in 2021, with the 
monthly average balance of the Bank’s total securities portfolio increasing to TL 118,353 million in 2021. Accordingly, the 
increase in average balances, combined with the increase in average interest rates, resulted in a 50.2% increase in interest 
income from total securities compared to 2020. 
In 2022, the increase in interest income derived from the Bank’s loan portfolio was due both to the increase in interest 
rates on loans and the increase in the monthly average balance of loans. The Bank’s average interest rates on loans to customers 
increased to 12.7% in 2022. The Bank’s monthly average balance of loans in 2022 was TL 630,389 million, a 61.5% increase 
from 2021, which increase was due to an increase in the monthly average balance of Turkish Lira-denominated loans and 
(including as a result of depreciation) the Turkish Lira-equivalent value of foreign currency-denominated loans. The average 
interest rates on the Bank’s total securities portfolio increased to 19.1% in 2022, with the monthly average balance of the Bank’s 
total securities portfolio increasing to TL 207,693 million. The increase in average balances, combined with the increase in 
average interest rates, resulted in a 157.0% increase in interest income from total securities compared to 2021. 
Interest Expense 
The Group’s interest expense increased by 72.1% to TL 32,530 million in 2021 and then increased by a further 66.5% 
to TL 54,161 million in 2022. In 2021, the increase was mainly due to 90.3%, 240.6%, 27.8% and 11.4% year-on-year increases 
in interest expenses on deposits, money market funds, marketable securities issued and funds borrowed, respectively, which 
increases resulted principally from the increasing interest rate environment through September 2021. In 2022, the increase was 
due to 80.1%, 36.2% and 112.0% year-on-year increases in interest expenses on deposits, marketable securities issued and 
funds borrowed, respectively, which increases were principally driven by increased interest rates and an increase in the Group’s 
funding base. See “Selected Statistical and Other Information – Net Changes in Interest Income and Expense – Volume and 
Rate Analysis” for the impact of the volume and rates on the net interest expense. 
As of 31 December 2022, TL 41,795 million in funding through repos and TL 952,636 million in deposits (for 2021, 
TL 52,952 million and TL 617,679 million, respectively, and for 2020, TL 26,512 million and TL 381,693 million, 
respectively).

--- Page 90 ---
71 
Net Interest Income 
The Group’s net interest income was TL 86,431 million in 2022, increasing by 134.1% from TL 36,919 million in 
2021, itself a 27.0% increase from TL 29,063 million in 2020. In 2021, the increase was principally due to a 39.3% increase in 
interest income from total loans, which more than offset a 72.1% increase in the Group’s interest expense, which was primarily 
driven by a 90.3% increase in interest paid on deposits. In 2022, the increase was principally due to 83.4% and 160.6% increases 
in interest income from total loans and securities, respectively, which more than offset a 66.5% increase in the Group’s interest 
expense, which was primarily driven by an 80.1% increase in interest paid on deposit. 
The Bank’s net interest margin in 2022 was 8.7%, compared to 5.6% and 5.8% in 2021 and 2020, respectively. In 
2021, the decrease in net interest margin was mainly driven by average interest-earning assets that increased by a greater 
percentage than the increase in net interest income. In 2022, the increase in net interest margin was mainly driven by net interest 
income that increased by a greater percentage than the increase in average interest-earning assets. For further information 
regarding the factors that resulted in these changes in the Bank’s net interest margin, see “Interest Income” and “Interest 
Expense” above. 
Net Fees and Commission Income 
The Group’s net fees and commission income increased by 119.2% to TL 14,671 million in 2022 from TL 6,692 
million in 2021, which itself was a 36.0% increase from TL 4,919 million in 2020. In 2021 and 2022, the increases were 
primarily a result of the increase in fees and commissions received by the Bank from cash loans and payment systems. 
Dividend Income 
The Group’s dividend income increased by 284.7% to TL 263.5 million in 2022 from TL 68.5 million in 2021, which 
itself was a 120.3% increase from TL 31.1 million in 2020. 
Trading Income/(Loss)(Net) 
The Group’s trading income is comprised of three components: securities trading, derivative transactions and foreign 
exchange income. The Group’s trading gain was TL 19,478 million in 2022 and TL 703.5 million in 2021, but a loss of TL 1,207 
million in 2020. In 2021, securities trading gains of TL 1,882.7 million were the main contributor of trading income, more than 
setting-off losses in derivative transactions and foreign exchange of TL 179.8 million and TL 999.5 million, respectively. In 
2022, income generated from securities trading set off losses on derivative transactions and slightly contributed positively to 
the Group’s trading income. The primary driver of the trading gain in 2022 can be attributed to the increased valuation of 
derivatives and foreign exchange positions. 
To support its Turkish Lira-denominated business and mitigate the high costs of Turkish Lira deposits, the Bank has 
utilised swap transactions to exchange excess liquidity in foreign currencies with Turkish Lira, which (although avoiding 
additional Turkish Lira deposit costs) contributed to the Bank’s overall swap costs. The costs and any positive or negative 
changes in fair value of all derivative instruments, including such swaps, are acounted for as trading income/(loss) (net). 
Other Operating Income 
The Group’s other operating income in 2022 was TL 32,574 million, increasing by 92.9% from TL 16,884 million in 
2021, itself an increase of 43.9% from TL 11,734 million in 2020. In 2020 and 2021, the increases were primarily attributable 
to an increase in the activities of the Group’s insurance and reinsurance companies compared to the previous year, increasing 
by 21.4% (to TL 10,724 million) in 2021 and 75.5% (to TL 18,825 million) in 2022, and reversals of expected credit losses that 
were provided in the previous periods and collections from Stage 3 loans. 
A significant component of the Group’s other operating income in 2020, 2021 and 2022 was its collections of NPLs. 
During 2021, the Group collected TL 4,915 million, or 72.3%, of its NPLs as of 31 December 2020, following in 2022 with 
collections of TL 8,761 million, or 35.8%, of its NPLs as of 31 December 2021. 
Provisioning for Loans and other Receivables 
Loans and receivables are classified and followed in line with the provisions of the Classification of Loans and 
Provisions Regulation and both general (for Group I and II loans) and specific (for Group III, IV and V loans) provisions are

--- Page 91 ---
72 
calculated and allocated in accordance with TFRS 9. The Group’s provision expenses for loans and other receivables were 
TL 13.1 billion in 2022, increasing by 3.1% from TL 12.7 billion in 2021, which itself was an 11.3% increase from TL 11.4 
billion in 2020. 
In 2021, Stage 3 expected credit loss expenses increased by 26.5% compared to 2020, which increase was primarily 
due to the increase in Stage 3 loans, including the impact of the depreciation in Turkish Lira, and the Bank’s decision to increase 
the Stage 3 coverage ratio in 2021. Conversely, Stage 1 and Stage 2 expected credit loss expenses decreased by 1.0% in 2021 
compared to 2020. In 2022, Stage 3 expected credit loss expenses increased by 53.2% compared to 2021, which increase was 
primarily due to the increase in Stage 3 loans, driven by the depreciation of the Turkish Lira and the Bank’s decision to increase 
its Stage 3 coverage ratio. Conversely, Stage 1 and Stage 2 expected credit loss expenses decreased by 49.0% in 2022 compared 
to 2021. 
The Group’s NPL ratio was 3.0% as of 31 December 2022, compared to 4.0% as of 31 December 2021 and 5.4% as 
of 31 December 2020, whereas the net NPL formation was TL 7,290 million in 2022, compared to TL 1,884 million in 2021 
and TL 1,886 million in 2020. While the net NPL formation in 2021 was almost identical to 2020, the Group’s NPL ratio in 
2021 declined as a result of a normalisation of economic activity after the COVID-related disruptions of the previous year. In 
2022, the net NPL formation was almost identical to 2021, with the Group’s NPL ratio declining primarily due to ongoing 
economic recovery and a strong collection performance. 
Whereas the Bank did not sell any NPLs during 2020, the Bank sold TL 745.5 million of NPLs to asset management 
companies in March 2021 and a further TL 351.4 million in September 2021. The Bank also sold TL 363.5 million of NPLs for 
TL 76.6 million in May 2022. 
The following tables show the Group’s provisioning for loans and other receivables for the indicated years: 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Expected Credit Loss(-) ..........................................................................................
11,379,112
12,667,759
13,055,945
12 Month Expected Credit Losses (Stage 1).......................................................
1,631,142
1,683,950
1,209,566
Significant Increase in Credit Risk (Stage 2)......................................................
4,648,360
4,533,215
1,963,033
Credit-Impaired Losses (Stage 3/Special Provision)..........................................
5,099,610
6,450,594
9,883,346
Marketable Securities Impairment Losses............................................................
20,047
21,627
91,472
Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit and Loss ....................................
2,129
14,145
18,954
Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income.............
17,918
7,482
72,518
Impairment Losses on Investments in Associates, Subsidiaries, Jointly 
Controlled Entities ..................................................................................................
-
-
-
Investments in Associates ...................................................................................
-
-
-
Subsidiaries ........................................................................................................
-
-
-
Jointly Controlled Entities..................................................................................
-
-
-
Other ........................................................................................................................
2,750,881
4,121,104
6,083,658
Total .................................................................................................................
14,150,040
16,810,490
19,231,075
Other Operating Expenses 
The Group’s other operating expenses in 2022 were TL 42,172 million, increasing by 86.1% from TL 22,666 million 
in 2021, which itself had increased by 52.3% from TL 14,878 million in 2020. In 2021 and 2022, the changes were principally 
attributable to a 59.6% and 78.2%, respectively, increase in the activities of the Group’s insurance and reinsurance companies, 
with expenses related to such businesses contributing TL 7,247 million, TL 11,566 million and TL 20,610 million, respectively, 
in 2020, 2021 and 2022. 
Net Period Profit/(Loss) from Continuing Operations 
The Group’s net period profit/(loss) from continuing operations in 2022 was TL 69,058 million, increasing by 343.8% 
from TL 15,560 million in 2021, which itself had increased by 100.7% from TL 7,752 million in 2020. In 2021, net interest 
income increased by 27.0%, other operating income increased by 43.9% and net fees and commissions income increased by 
36.0%, each as compared to the previous year. In 2022, Stage 3 expected credit loss expenses increased by 53.2% compared to 
2021, which increase was primarily due to the increase in Stage 3 loans, including the impact of the depreciation of the Turkish

--- Page 92 ---
73 
Lira and the Bank’s decision to increase its Stage 3 coverage ratio. Conversely, Stage 1 and Stage 2 expected credit loss 
expenses decreased by 49.0% in 2022 compared to 2021. 
For 2022, the Bank’s return on average total assets was 5.3% and its return on average shareholders’ equity was 46.8%, 
compared to 1.9% and 18.4%, respectively, for 2021 and 1.3% and 10.9%, respectively, for 2020. 
Business Segments 
The Group’s activities are classified as follows: corporate/commercial banking, retail/private banking, treasury 
operations and investment activities, insurance and reinsurance activities and others. 
The Group’s corporate and commercial banking activities include providing services to large corporations, small and 
medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and other trading companies. These services include project finance, operating and 
investment loans, deposit and cash management, credit cards, cheques and bills, foreign trade transactions and financing, letters 
of guarantee, letters of credit, forfaiting, foreign currency trading, bill collections, payrolls, investment accounts, tax collections 
and other banking services. 
Retail banking services include deposits, consumer loans, overdraft accounts, credit cards, bill collections, remittances, 
foreign currency trading, safe-deposit boxes, insurance, tax collections, investment accounts and other banking services. Among 
retail banking services, the private banking business provides financial and wealth management-related services to individuals 
in the high income segment. 
Treasury transactions are comprised of medium- and long-term funding tools, such as securities trading, money market 
transactions, spot and forward Turkish Lira and foreign currency trading, derivative transactions (such as forwards, swaps, 
futures and options) and syndications, future flow transactions and securitisations. Investment activities of intermediary 
institutions and venture capital and real estate investment partnerships are also classified as treasury transactions. Investments 
in subsidiaries that operate in the non-financial sector, investments in associates that operate both in the financial and non-
financial sector and investments of jointly controlled entities that are presented in the Group’s financial statements are taken 
into consideration within the scope of investment activities. 
Insurance and reinsurance activities include individual pensions, life/non-life insurance transactions and reinsurance 
transactions. The Group’s financial leasing, factoring, asset management and portfolio management activities are classified 
under the “other” line item. 
As of 31 December 2021, investments in subsidiaries, associates and jointly controlled entities that are not credit or 
financial institutions were recognised within the scope of TAS 28 (Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures). 
For a list of the Bank’s non-financial participations as of 31 December 2022, see “The Group and its Business – 
Subsidiaries and other Affiliates – Non-Financial Participations.”

--- Page 93 ---
74 
The following table sets forth certain information regarding the Group’s business segments as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2022: 
 
As of (or for the year ended) 31 December 2022 
 
Corporate/ 
Commercial 
Retail/Private 
Treasury/ 
Investment 
Insurance and 
Reinsurance 
Unallocated 
Total 
 
(TL thousands)
Interest Income............................
67,042,585
20,194,594
49,296,102
-
4,058,692
140,591,973
Interest Expense..........................
16,977,011
16,265,665
15,667,828
52
5,250,041
54,160,597
Fees and Commissions Income...
14,347,822
5,207,277
1,541,524
169,345
852,247
22,118,215
Fees and Commissions Expense .
7,894
4,238
203,956
2,449,744
4,780,968
7,446,800
Dividend Income.........................
-
-
263,526
-
-
263,526
Trading Income/(Loss) (Net) ......
-
-
19,477,788
-
-
19,477,788
Other Income ..............................
3,173,448
503,115
6,078,934
20,192,624
2,625,765
32,573,886
Provisions for Loans and Other 
Receivables .................................
7,017,495 
1,568,084 
141,934 
209,159 
10,294,403 
19,231,075 
Other Operating Expense............
5,592,533
13,410,401
1,321,083
22,851,051
16,706,576
59,881,644
Profit/(Loss) from Associates 
Accounted for Using the Equity 
Method........................................
- 
- 
10,205,448 
- 
- 
10,205,448 
Income Before Tax......................
-
-
-
-
-
84,510,720
Tax Provision..............................
-
-
-
-
-
15,453,038
Net Period Profit/(loss) from 
Continuing Operations ................
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
69,057,682 
Group Profit/(Loss).....................
-
-
-
-
-
61,598,670
Non-controlling Interest 
Profit/(Loss)................................
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
7,459,012 
Total Assets........................ 
672,190,029 
157,614,122 
491,060,752 
90,261,982 
304,304,684 
1,715,431,569 
The following table sets forth certain information regarding the Group’s business segments as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2021: 
 
As of (or for the year ended) 31 December 2021 
 
Corporate/ 
Commercial 
Retail/Private 
Treasury/ 
Investment 
Insurance and 
Reinsurance 
Unallocated 
Total 
 
(TL thousands)
Interest Income............................
35,382,354
12,353,944
19,913,033
-
1,799,856
69,449,187
Interest Expense..........................
6,667,695
10,642,224
13,683,018
21
1,537,406
32,530,364
Fees and Commissions Income...
6,236,181
2,709,306
837,356
95,798
612,123
10,490,764
Fees and Commissions Expense .
13,499
-
103,959
1,514,562
2,166,889
3,798,909
Dividend Income.........................
-
-
68,548
-
-
68,548
Trading Income/(Loss) (Net) ......
-
-
703,452
-
-
703,452
Other Income ..............................
2,633,690
307,201
1,121,310
11,010,299
1,811,190
16,883,690
Provisions for Loans and Other 
Receivables .................................
7,091,015
688,195
73,446
137,851
8,819,983
16,810,490
Other Operating Expense............
2,543,719
6,078,683
677,308
12,703,259
8,378,440
30,381,409
Profit/(Loss) from Associates 
Accounted for Using the Equity 
Method........................................
-
-
4,874,850
-
-
4,874,850
Income Before Tax......................
-
-
-
-
-
18,949,319
Tax Provision..............................
-
-
-
-
-
3,389,061
Net Period Profit/(loss) from 
Continuing Operations ................
-
-
-
-
-
15,560,258
Group Profit/(Loss).....................
-
-
-
-
-
13,541,060
Non-controlling Interest 
Profit/(Loss)................................
-
-
-
-
-
2,019,198
Total Assets........................ 
469,775,712
99,696,826
276,497,395
50,825,252
227,608,888
1,124,404,073

--- Page 94 ---
75 
The following table sets forth certain information regarding the Group’s business segments as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2020: 
 
As of (or for the year ended) 31 December 2020 
 
Corporate/ 
Commercial 
Retail/Private 
Treasury/ 
Investment 
Insurance and 
Reinsurance 
Unallocated 
Total 
 
(TL thousands)
Interest Income............................
25,677,637
8,592,126
12,424,000
-
1,267,214
47,960,977
Interest Expense..........................
4,178,058
5,402,127
7,836,465
385
1,481,227
18,898,262
Fees and Commissions Income...
4,156,208
2,281,149
716,455
71,833
155,836
7,381,481
Fees and Commissions Expense .
10,612
85
71,502
1,208,916
1,170,953
2,462,068
Dividend Income.........................
-
-
31,057
-
-
31,057
Trading Income/(Loss) (Net) ......
-
-
(1,206,769)
-
-
(1,206,769)
Other Income ..............................
1,517,338
245,951
350,854
9,014,735
605,051
11,733,929
Provisions for Loans and Other 
Receivables .................................
7,515,789 
534,157 
74,924 
105,839 
5,919,331 
14,150,040
Other Operating Expense............
2,058,802
4,914,808
564,288
8,059,214
5,582,046
21,179,158
Profit/(Loss) from Associates 
Accounted for Using the Equity 
Method........................................
-
-
1,455,956
-
-
1,455,956
Income Before Tax......................
-
-
-
-
-
10,667,103
Tax Provision..............................
-
-
-
-
-
2,915,351
Net Period Profit .........................
-
-
-
-
-
7,751,752
Group Profit/(Loss).....................
-
-
-
-
-
6,655,442
Non-controlling Interest 
Profit/(Loss)................................
-
-
-
-
-
1,096,310
Total Assets........................ 
315,988,780 
78,552,996 
185,117,467 
35,704,002 
102,789,018 
718,152,263

--- Page 95 ---
76 
Financial Condition 
The table below sets forth the Group’s balance sheet data as of the indicated dates. 
As of 31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
ASSETS
 
 
 
Financial Assets (Net) ......................................................................................................
187,808,479
371,298,917
502,126,978
Cash and Cash Equivalent............................................................................................
96,521,550
222,209,537
247,036,056
Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss................................................
6,800,006
14,481,038
33,574,852
Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income ......................
77,827,270
109,943,659
202,125,577
Derivative Financial Assets..........................................................................................
6,710,129
24,750,427
19,560,649
Expected Credit Loss (-)...............................................................................................
50,476
85,738
170,156
Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost (Net) ........................................................
446,634,898
633,433,762
979,329,078
Loans............................................................................................................................
414,731,304
595,522,165
878,093,482
Lease Receivables.........................................................................................................
7,704,226
12,325,197
18,361,594
Factoring Receivables..................................................................................................
4,644,186
6,895,358
15,908,657
Other Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost (Net)..........................................
45,604,603
51,545,328
106,956,161
Expected Credit Loss (-)...............................................................................................
26,049,421
32,854,286
39,990,816
Assets Held For Sale And Discontinued Operations (Net) ...............................................
1,302,608
910,871
1,618,994
Equity Investments ...........................................................................................................
13,052,096
21,918,409
42,870,444
Investments in Associates (Net) ....................................................................................
271,231
316,851
405,345
Subsidiaries (Net) .........................................................................................................
12,775,982
21,593,954
42,449,189
Joint Ventures (Net)......................................................................................................
4,883
7,604
15,910
Tangible Assets (Net) .......................................................................................................
8,099,954
11,407,024
24,478,118
Intangible Assets (Net) ....................................................................................................
1,653,988
2,182,025
4,079,813
Investment Property (Net) ...............................................................................................
3,649,631
4,601,916
11,320,190
Current Tax Asset.............................................................................................................
48,923
74,819
26,354
Deferred Tax Asset...........................................................................................................
3,672,736
3,118,976
974,110
Other Assets (Net) ...........................................................................................................
52,228,950 
75,457,354 
148,607,490 
Total Assets................................................................................................................. 
718,152,263 
1,124,404,073 
1,715,431,569 
LIABILITIES & EQUITY
Deposits............................................................................................................................
381,693,393
617,679,203
952,635,932
Funds Borrowed ...............................................................................................................
77,602,888
128,923,683
155,981,599
Money Markets.................................................................................................................
25,984,647
53,737,853
51,240,156
Securities Issued (Net)......................................................................................................
39,499,306
48,077,312
58,344,560
Funds................................................................................................................................
122,105
691,704
737,733
Derivative Financial Liabilities ........................................................................................
8,854,434
14,078,527
10,091,101
Lease Payables (Net) ........................................................................................................
918,740
1,239,714
1,643,053
Provisions.........................................................................................................................
24,027,066
35,609,317
67,292,475
Current Tax Liability........................................................................................................
2,851,982
2,561,136
8,125,987
Deferred Tax Liability......................................................................................................
144,431
124,949
1,599,383
Subordinated Debts...........................................................................................................
24,426,121
41,479,277
33,558,745
Other Liabilities................................................................................................................
57,165,430 
84,033,219 
164,128,152 
Total Liabilities .......................................................................................................... 
643,290,543 
1,028,235,894 
1,505,378,876 
Shareholders’ Equity ........................................................................................................
74,861,720 
96,168,179 
210,052,693 
Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity.......................................................... 
718,152,263 
1,124,404,073 
1,715,431,569 
Assets 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group had total assets of TL 1,715,432 million as of 31 December 2022, which was an 
increase of 52.6% from TL 1,124,404 million as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase of 56.6% from TL 718,152 million as 
of 31 December 2020. The increases in 2021 and 2022 were primarily attributable to 45.8% and 48.9%, respectively, year-on-
year increases in cash loans (excluding lease receivables, factoring receivables and NPLs) and 35.1% and 94.7%, respectively, 
year-on-year increases in total securities. Some of this growth was, however, a result of the depreciation of the Turkish Lira 
and the corresponding increase in the Turkish Lira-equivalent value of foreign currency-denominated loans (for example, on a 
Bank-only basis, foreign currency-denominated loans decreased by 10.1% in 2022 when considered in U.S. dollars yet the 
Turkish Lira-equivalent value of such loans increased by 28.2%). When the impact of the appreciation of foreign currencies 
against the Turkish Lira is excluded, the Group’s total assets increased by 20.1% in 2021 and 33.4% in 2022.

--- Page 96 ---
77 
As of 31 December 2022, 93.3% of the Group’s total assets were in Türkiye. Additional information regarding the 
Group’s assets is set forth in “Selected Statistical and Other Information.” 
Cash and Cash Equivalents/Cash, Balances with the Central Bank, Banks and Money Market Placements. As of 
31 December 2022, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents was TL 247,036 million, an increase of 11.2% from TL 222,210 
million as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase of 130.2% from TL 96,522 million as of 31 December 2020. A significant 
amount of these balances represents the Group’s holding of gold and foreign exchange-denominated reserves due to: (a) the 
Group’s foreign exchange-denominated liabilities, which also depend upon foreign-exchange liquidity conditions in the market, 
(b) utilising the Central Bank’s Reserve Option Mechanism, which gives Turkish banks the option to hold foreign exchange or 
gold reserves in place of a fraction of their Turkish Lira reserve requirements and (c) an increase in gold demand from customers. 
Loans, Leasing Receivables and Factoring Receivables. As of 31 December 2022, the Group had gross loans (which 
for these purposes comprises loans, leasing receivables and factoring receivables) of TL 912,364 million, an increase of 48.4% 
from TL 614,743 million as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase of 43.9% from TL 427,080 million as of 31 December 
2020. These increases were primarily attributable to increases in loans and the appreciation of foreign currencies against the 
Turkish Lira. Additional information regarding the Group’s loan portfolio is set forth in “Selected Statistical and Other 
Information – Loan Portfolio.” 
Other Assets. As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s other assets totaled TL 148,607 million, an increase of 96.9% 
from TL 75,457 million as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase of 44.5% from TL 52,229 million as of 31 December 2020. 
Other assets primarily include prepaid expenses, insurance/reinsurance receivables, deposits and guarantees given and other 
receivables. The increases over the noted periods were principally driven by increases in the activities of the Group’s insurance 
and reinsurance companies, the assets of which increased by 42.9% and 75.8%, respectively, during 2021 and 2022. 
Liabilities 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group had total liabilities of TL 1,505,379 million, an increase of 46.4% from 
TL 1,028,236 million as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase of 59.8% from TL 643,291 million as of 31 December 2020. 
In 2021, the increase was primarily attributable to 61.8%, 66.1% and 28.5% increases in deposits, funds borrowed and 
shareholders’ equity, respectively, compared to year-end 2020. In 2022, the increase was primarily attributable to 54.2%, 21.0% 
and 118.4% increases in deposits, funds borrowed and shareholders’ equity, respectively, compared to year-end 2021. When 
the impact of the depreciation of the Turkish Lira is excluded, the Group’s total liabilities increased by 14.9% in 2021 and 
30.1% in 2022. 
Additional information regarding the Group’s liabilities is set forth in “Selected Statistical and Other Information.” 
Shareholders’ Equity 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s shareholders’ equity amounted to 12.2% of the Group’s total assets, compared 
to 8.6% as of 31 December 2021 and 10.4% as of 31 December 2020. Due to a decision of the BRSA aiming to increase the 
capital strength of Turkish banks during the period of economic volatility, no dividends were allocated during 2020 with respect 
to 2019 earnings; however, this regulatory restriction was lifted in January 2021, following which the Bank paid dividends in 
March 2021 with respect to earnings from 2020 and in March 2022 with respect to earnings from 2021. The dividend pay-out 
ratio in 2023 with respect to earnings from 2022 will, if dividends are paid out, be determined based upon dividends determined 
at the Bank’s general meeting of shareholders on 30 March 2023. 
Total shareholders’ equity was TL 74,862 million, TL 96,168 million and TL 210,053 million as of 31 December 
2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. The shareholders’ equity increased in each period due to current period profits. 
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
The aggregate amount of off-balance sheet arrangements comprising guarantees, letters of credit and similar 
obligations totalled TL 250,516 million as of 31 December 2022, TL 199,616 million as of 31 December 2021 and TL 122,886 
million as of 31 December 2020. These increases were largely due to increases in the letter of guarantee portfolio. 
Additional information regarding the Group’s off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth in “Contingencies and 
Commitments” below and “Selected Statistical and Other Information.”

--- Page 97 ---
78 
Capital Adequacy 
Each of the Bank and the Group is required to comply with capital adequacy guidelines promulgated by the BRSA, 
which are based upon the guidelines adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervision Practices of the 
Bank for International Settlements. These guidelines require banks to maintain adequate levels of regulatory capital against 
risk-bearing assets and off-balance sheet exposures (commitment and contingencies). In accordance with these guidelines, each 
of the Bank and the Group must maintain a total capital ratio in excess of 8% calculated in accordance with BRSA regulations. 
In addition, as a prudential requirement, the BRSA requires a target capital adequacy ratio that is 4% higher than the legal 
capital ratio (see “Turkish Regulatory Environment - Capital Adequacy” for further details). Each of the Bank and the Group 
currently satisfies the capital requirements of the BRSA. 
Within the context of the implementation of the Basel III framework in Türkiye, on 1 January 2014, the Regulation on 
the Equity of Banks published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006 regarding the capital of the banks 
through the end of 2013 has been replaced by the 2013 Equity Regulation. Under the 2013 Equity Regulation, tier 1 capital is 
divided into core tier 1 capital and additional tier 1 capital. In connection with such classification, amendments to the Regulation 
on the Measurement and Evaluation of the Capital Adequacy of Banks (the “2012 Capital Adequacy Regulation”), which also 
entered into effect on 1 January 2014: (a) introduced a minimum core capital adequacy standard ratio (4.5%) and a minimum 
tier 1 capital adequacy standard ratio (6.0%) to be calculated on a consolidated and non-consolidated basis (which are in addition 
to the previously existing requirement for a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of 8.0%) and (b) changed the risk weights of 
certain items that are categorised under “other assets.” 
The BRSA published the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which entered into force on 31 March 2016 and sustained the 
capital adequacy ratios introduced by the former regulation but changed the risk weights of certain items. The Bank calculates 
its capital adequacy ratios according to the Capital Adequacy Regulation and related laws, which allow the Bank to use ratings 
of eligible external credit assessment institutions (namely Fitch, Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s, Japan Credit Rating 
Agency, Ltd., DBRS Ratings Ltd., International Islamic Rating Agency and JCR Eurasia Rating) and internal credit assessments 
while calculating the risk-weighted assets for capital adequacy purposes. Türkiye’s sovereign credit rating has changed 
frequently, including various downgrades since 2018. See “Risk Factor – Risks Relating to the Group and its Business– Credit 
Risks - Government Default.”  
The BRSA also maintains a policy, on a bank-by-bank basis, of requiring a higher capital adequacy ratio for banks 
that are seeking to open new branches, with a rate of 12% currently being applied to the Bank. As of 31 December 2020, 2021 
and 2022, the Group’s capital adequacy ratio was 16.99%, 18.69% and 21.84%, respectively (18.68%, 20.36% and 24.36%, 
respectively, for the Bank). The Bank intends to maintain its (and the Group’s) capital ratios in excess of the minimum levels 
required by both Turkish law and internal risk limits determined by the Board of Directors (see “Risk Management”). 
The following table sets out information on the Group’s capital and its capital adequacy ratios as of the indicated dates. 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Paid-in capital ..........................................................................
4,500,000 
4,500,000 
10,000,000
Paid-in capital inflation adjustments ........................................
1,615,938
1,615,938
1,615,938
Profit reserves ..........................................................................
43,421,096
50,721,897
58,096,893
Profit ........................................................................................
8,378,887
13,502,913
61,471,023
Tier 1 Capital (I).......................................................................
69,037,761
93,801,462
198,553,596
Tier 2 Capital (II) .....................................................................
21,541,041
31,933,847
39,010,424
Deductions (III)........................................................................
1,102
1,274
2,650
Own Funds (I+II-III)................................................................
90,577,700
125,734,035
237,561,370
Risk Weighted Assets (including market and operational risk)
533,067,742
672,862,034
1,087,995,231
 
Capital Ratios: 
Tier 1 Ratio ..............................................................................
13.0%
13.9%
18.3%
Own Funds/Risk Weighted Assets...........................................
17.0%
18.7%
21.8%
The increases in the Group’s capital in each of these periods represented the growth in the Group’s retained earnings, 
whereas changes to the capital ratios also reflect the size and mix of the Group’s assets and liabilities.

--- Page 98 ---
79 
Please see: (a) “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye - Economic Conditions - Turkish Economy” with respect to 
the negative impact on the capital ratios resulting from the depreciation of the Turkish Lira and positive (but likely temporary) 
impacts of certain regulatory accommodations provided by the BRSA and (b) “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to 
Türkiye - Economic Conditions - Inflation” with respect to the potential distorting impact of high inflation, including the use 
of non-inflation-adjusted figures in the BRSA Financial Statements. 
Non-Financial Participations/Non-BRSA Consolidated Subsidiaries 
As of 31 December 2022, the only significant strategic non-financial equity participation of the Bank was Şişecam 
(with its subsidiaries, the “Şişecam Group”). 
Investments in the Şişecam Group are strategic in the sense that it has been a long-term investment of the Bank in a 
company with a strong market position in Türkiye and neighbouring areas. The following table sets forth certain information 
regarding the Şişecam Group. For a discussion of the differences between the BRSA Annual Financial Statements and financial 
statements prepared in accordance with IFRS, see Appendix A (“Overview of Differences between IFRS and the BRSA 
Principles”). 
Şişecam (Consolidated) 
 
As of (or for the year ended) 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Total Assets..........................
44,228,036
92,260,701
163,945,473
Total Liabilities....................
21,736,803
39,331,476
68,817,706
Profit/(loss) for the period....
2,824,571
9,131,288
20,133,429
The Bank’s non-financial participations are not consolidated in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements; however, 
they are shown under the “Investments in Associates” and “Investments in Subsidiaries” line items accounted under the equity 
method in the consolidated BRSA Financial Statements. 
Liquidity and Funding 
The Group’s principal sources of funding are deposits from retail and corporate customers, including other banks. 
Currently, the Bank’s strategy is to fund itself mainly using deposits from its extensive customer base and to use marketable 
securities issued, funds borrowed, money market funds and subordinated debt for the remaining part, although this approach is 
subject to change depending upon market opportunities and changes in prevailing rates for deposits and other funding sources. 
For further discussion on the Group’s risk management policies relating to funding, see “Risk Management – Liquidity and 
Funding.” 
The tables below set out the Group’s principal sources of funding as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 2020 
As of 31 December 2021 
As of 31 December 2022 
TL 
Foreign 
Currencies 
Total 
TL 
Foreign 
Currencies 
Total 
TL 
Foreign 
Currencies 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Deposits ..............................  
133,332,439 
248,360,954 
381,693,393 
165,520,943 
452,158,260 
617,679,203 
381,017,089 
571,618,843 
952,635,932 
Money Market Funds ..........
19,985,947
5,998,700
25,984,647
42,829,398
10,908,455
53,737,853
37,777,875
13,462,281
51,240,156
Funds Borrowed, 
Marketable Securities Issued 
and Subordinated Debt........
13,856,385
127,671,930
141,528,315
17,100,920
201,379,352
218,480,272
25,903,064
221,981,840
247,884,904
The Group’s deposits constituted in aggregate 59.3%, 60.1% and 63.3% of its total liabilities as of 31 December 2020, 
2021 and 2022, respectively. As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s deposits amounted to TL 952,636 million, an increase of 
54.2% from TL 617,679 million as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase of 61.8% from TL 381,693 million as of 
31 December 2020. For more information on deposits with the Group, see “Selected Statistical and Other Information – 
Deposits.” 
For tables setting out the maturity structure of the Group’s deposits with a breakdown of the source of deposits for the 
years ended 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, see Section Five, II.a of the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of 
and for the year ended 31 December 2022.

--- Page 99 ---
80 
The remaining sources of funds for the Group are funds borrowed, marketable securities issued, subordinated debt and 
money market funds, which were together equivalent to 23.3%, 24.3% and 17.5% of the Group’s consolidated assets as of 
31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. As of 31 December 2022, the amount of the Group’s total foreign currency-
denominated borrowings (i.e., the sum of foreign currency-denominated funds borrowed, money market funds, marketable 
securities issued and subordinated debt) was equivalent to 13.7% of the amount of its consolidated assets. 
The tables below set out the Group’s funding from banks and other institutions with regard to the kind of institution 
that provides the funding as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
TL 
Foreign 
Currencies 
TL 
Foreign 
Currencies 
TL 
Foreign 
Currencies 
(TL thousands)
Funds borrowed from domestic banks and institutions..........
2,594,453
4,939,304
3,736,112
9,586,758
9,536,923
8,805,823
Funds borrowed from foreign banks, institutions and funds ..
1,840,513
68,228,618
2,283,386
113,317,427
2,564,571
135,074,282
Marketable securities issued..................................................
7,134,909
32,364,397
8,784,977
39,292,335
11,523,746
46,820,814
Subordinated debt ..................................................................  
2,286,510 
22,139,611 
2,296,445 
39,182,832 
2,277,824 
31,280,921 
Total .............................................................................  
13,856,385 
127,671,930 
17,100,920 
201,379,352 
25,903,064 
221,981,840 
The tables below set out the Group’s aggregate amount of funds borrowed, marketable securities issued and 
subordinated debt based upon their maturity as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
TL 
Foreign 
Currencies 
TL 
Foreign 
Currencies 
TL 
Foreign 
Currencies 
(TL thousands)
Short-term..........................
8,218,644
2,622,591
10,772,705
8,797,761
20,332,915
8,339,020
Medium- and long-term.....
5,637,741 
125,049,339 
6,328,215 
192,581,591 
5,570,149 
213,642,820 
Total..........................  
13,856,385 
127,671,930 
17,100,920 
201,379,352 
25,903,064 
221,981,840

--- Page 100 ---
81 
Borrowings from foreign banks and institutions include syndicated loans, “diversified payment rights” (“DPR”) future 
flow transactions, eurobonds and other fund-raisings. Details of the Bank’s syndicated loans, future flow transactions and 
material eurobonds as of 31 December 2022 are as follows: 
Outstanding Principal 
Final Maturity 
Interest Rate % 
€8.75 million DPR issuance ......................................................
August 2024
Varies
€13.125 million DPR issuance ..................................................
August 2024
Varies
€15 million DPR issuance .........................................................
November 2025
Varies
$120 million DPR issuance .......................................................
November 2028
Varies
$13.593 million DPR issuance .................................................
February 2030
Fixed
$76.037 million DPR issuance ..................................................
August 2025
Varies
$32.195 million DPR issuance ..................................................
November 2028
Varies
$23.8 million DPR issuance ......................................................
November 2026
Varies
$53.848 million DPR issuance ..................................................
November 2029
Varies
$22 million DPR issuance .........................................................
November 2024
Varies
$85 million DPR issuance .........................................................
February 2027
Varies
$16.19 million DPR issuance ....................................................
February 2027
Varies
$127 million DPR issuance .......................................................
August 2027
Varies
$100 million DPR issuance .......................................................
August 2027
Varies
$191 million syndicated loan ....................................................
November 2023
Varies
€330.5 million syndicated loan .................................................
November 2023
Varies
$257 million syndicated loan ....................................................
June 2023
Varies
€482.96 million syndicated loan................................................
June 2023
Varies
$400 million subordinated eurobond.........................................
December 2023
7.850%
$1,250 million eurobond ...........................................................
April 2024
6.125%
$500 million subordinated eurobond.........................................
June 2028
7.00%
$750 million subordinated eurobond.........................................
January 2030
7.75%
________________________ 
(1) Paid at maturity. 
The Bank has issued various Series of notes under the Programme, including some small and/or short-term private 
transactions. The Bank may issue, from time to time, additional Series of notes under the Programme, which (as permitted by 
the Programme) may be in any currency, with any tenor and with any interest rate, which issuances may be listed or unlisted. 
In addition to the above, the Group has entered into various transactions with multilateral and developmental 
institutions, export credit agencies and other lenders, principally for the purposes of financing project financings, micro, small 
and medium-sized enterprises, energy efficiency projects or certain imports. 
Many of the Group’s financings include provisions permitting the applicable creditors to require the accelerated 
repayment of the applicable indebtedness, including as a result of a breach of a financial or other covenant or the occurrence of 
a change of control. The Group monitors its compliance with its obligations under its financing arrangements in order to seek 
to avoid any such acceleration. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management believes that the Bank’s and the Group’s liquidity is 
sufficient for its present requirements for at least the next 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Contingencies and Commitments 
Guarantees. The Group offers its customers products such as guarantees and letters of credit to meet its customers’ 
needs for commercial banking services, frequently in connection with their customers’ export and import activities. These 
products do not appear on the Group’s balance sheet. For the breakdown of contingencies and commitments, see Section Five, 
III of the consolidated BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022.

--- Page 101 ---
82 
The table below sets forth the Group’s total off-balance sheet guarantees as of the indicated dates, which largely reflects 
the Group’s continued support of its customers’ increasing export business. 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Letters of guarantee.................
88,071,210
132,666,963
180,752,625
Acceptance credits...................
9,050,343
13,805,873
8,053,507
Letters of credit .......................
22,593,911
48,873,749
56,868,515
Other guarantees(1) ...................  
3,170,943 
4,269,208 
4,841,274 
Total ................................  
122,886,407 
199,615,793 
250,515,921 
 ________________  
(1) Includes endorsements. 
Derivatives. The Group enters into forward and swap contracts to provide hedging services for itself and its clients. 
The tables below set forth the Group’s total derivative transactions, by currency, as of the indicated dates. 
 
As of 31 December 2022 
 
Buy 
Sell 
 
TL 
Foreign 
Currency 
Total 
TL 
Foreign 
Currency 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Forward foreign exchange contracts ...................
9,117,920
25,804,206
34,922,126
1,522,442
32,894,836
34,417,278
Currency swaps...................................................
14,912,056
206,780,171
221,692,227
155,910,430
90,608,931
246,519,361
Interest rate swaps...............................................
808,444
154,104,758
154,913,202
808,444
154,104,758
154,913,202
Currency options.................................................
3,160,239
8,188,384
11,348,623
2,560,163
8,138,756
10,698,919
Interest rate options.............................................
-
3,822,162
3,822,162
-
3,822,162
3,822,162
Marketable security and index options................
102,031
8,209
110,240
401,110
-
401,110
Currency futures .................................................
531,608
1,878,869
2,410,477
937,189
509,642
1,446,831
Interest rate futures .............................................
-
-
-
-
-
-
Other...................................................................
29,554
44,334,503
44,364,057
6,881,745
15,860,971
22,742,716
 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
 
Buy 
Sell 
 
TL 
Foreign 
Currency 
Total 
TL 
Foreign 
Currency 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Forward foreign exchange contracts ...................
11,384,803
25,669,590
37,054,393
4,119,267
33,283,689
37,402,956
Currency swaps...................................................
9,433,744
181,219,557
190,653,302
120,962,599
85,487,138
202,486,309
Interest rate swaps...............................................
331,111
125,085,507
125,416,618
331,111
125,085,507
125,416,618
Currency options.................................................
4,557,856
6,309,858
10,867,714
4,026,900
6,553,948
10,580,848
Interest rate options.............................................
-
4,205,556
4,205,556
-
4,205,556
4,205,556
Marketable security and index options................
36,407
-
36,407
322,393
-
322,393
Currency futures .................................................
40,052
1,481,995
1,522,047
720,425
58,703
779,128
Interest rate futures .............................................
-
-
-
-
-
-
Other...................................................................
375,936
24,627,927
25,003,863
2,286,476
4,717,133
7,003,609
 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
 
Buy 
Sell 
 
TL 
Foreign 
Currency 
Total 
TL 
Foreign 
Currency 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Forward foreign exchange contracts ...................
6,936,738
18,551,563
25,488,301
1,985,949
23,442,452
25,428,401
Currency Swaps..................................................
6,088,408
98,711,681
104,800,089
93,752,701
32,032,427
125,785,128
Interest rate swaps...............................................
787,400
81,253,432
82,040,832
787,400
81,253,432
82,040,832
Currency options.................................................
1,023,470
3,069,627
4,093,097
707,100
3,346,049
4,053,149
Interest rate options.............................................
-
3,920,016
3,920,016
-
3,920,016
3,920,016
Marketable security and index options................
121,010
-
121,010
152,140
1,625
153,765
Currency futures .................................................
507,826
2,647,387
3,155,213
2,648,688
146,999
2,795,687
Interest rate futures .............................................
-
-
-
-
-
-
Other...................................................................
75,310
18,841,360
18,916,670
996,483
2,186,700
3,183,183

--- Page 102 ---
83 
Property, Plant and Equipment 
The table below sets forth the components of the Group’s consolidated property and equipment as of the indicated 
dates. 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Buildings and Land...................................................
6,070,841
8,903,796
20,694,380
Right of use of assets................................................
1,804,042
2,520,198
3,502,559
Construction in progress...........................................
248,229
292,153
311,421
Vehicles ....................................................................
42,938
49,778
78,021
Other(1)......................................................................
3,483,315
3,915,335
5,160,629
Depreciation..............................................................
(3,549,411)
(4,274,236)
(5,268,892)
Net book value..........................................................
8,099,954
11,407,024
24,478,118
 ____________________  
(1) Leasing intangible assets, leasehold improvements, office equipment, furniture and fixtures are shown under “other” item.

--- Page 103 ---
84 
SELECTED STATISTICAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
The following tables present certain selected statistical and other information for the Group (or, when information 
about the Group is not readily available or relevant, the Bank) as of the indicated dates and for the indicated periods. Except as 
specifically noted herein, the selected statistical and other information should be read in conjunction with the BRSA Annual 
Financial Statements (including the notes therein) and the information contained in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” All foreign currency amounts in this section were notionally converted into 
Turkish Lira in the manner described in Section Three of the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2022. 
I. Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential 
A. Average Balance Sheet and Interest Data 
The tables below (derived from the Bank’s management accounts) show the Bank’s average balances and 
yield for each of the indicated years. In such tables, unless otherwise stated, average balances are calculated from 
monthly balances (by averaging the amount of the related item as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the 
commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 31 December of the previous year) and each intervening 
month-end date) and include interest accruals. 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Yield 
Interest 
Income 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Yield 
Interest 
Income 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Yield 
Interest 
Income 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
ASSETS 
Average Interest-Earning Assets 
Loans and Receivables (performing)  
320,538,708 
9.77% 
31,321,515 
390,307,854 
11.15% 
43,503,847 
630,388,754 
12.71% 
80,141,614 
Turkish Lira .....................................
189,888,609
12.23% 
23,228,066 
232,403,397
14.50% 
33,694,196 
358,672,080
17.46% 
62,623,387 
Foreign Currency .............................
130,650,099
6.19%
8,093,449
157,904,457
6.21%
9,809,651
271,716,674
6.45% 
17,518,227
Total Securities Portfolio ...................  
99,262,392 
10.35% 
10,276,024 
118,353,114 
13.04% 
15,434,222 
207,693,179 
19.09% 
39,658,334 
Turkish Lira .....................................
74,506,088
12.39%
9,230,091
87,247,079
16.08%
14,026,635
154,419,872
23.90% 
36,906,317
Foreign Currency .............................
24,756,304
4.22%
1,045,933
31,106,035
4.53%
1,407,587
53,273,307
5.17% 
2,752,017
Banks ..................................................  
17,650,287 
0.74% 
131,027 
19,865,372 
0.47% 
92,706 
30,679,724 
0.86% 
263,147 
Turkish Lira .....................................
310,922
21.30%
66,240
386,921
16.83%
65,106
569,369
23.61% 
134,436
Foreign Currency .............................
17,339,365
0.37%
64,787
19,478,451
0.14%
27,600
30,110,355
0.43% 
128,711
Balances with the Central Bank 
(interest-earning portion) ..................  
54,964,090 
0.16% 
87,894 
89,680,006 
0.95% 
849,109 
169,708,687 
0.20% 
336,811 
Turkish Lira .....................................
2,293,710
3.70%
84,888
7,671,305
11.07%
849,109
13,951,762
2.04% 
284,681
Foreign Currency .............................
52,670,379
0.01%
3,006
82,008,701
0.00%
-
155,756,925
0.03% 
52,130
Money Market Placements(1).........  
6,180 
10.78% 
666 
365,234 
0.24% 
890 
2,401,428 
18.66% 
448,198 
Foreign Currency..........................
-
-
-
323,500
0.00%
-
-
 
-
Turkish Lira ..................................  
6,180 
10.78%
666 
41,734 
2.13%
890 
2,401,428 
18.66% 
448,198 
Total for Average Interest-
Earning Assets................................ 
492,421,656 
8.49% 
41,817,126 
618,571,579 
10.36% 
59,880,774 
1,040,871,772 
11.61% 
120,848,104 
Turkish Lira .................................
267,005,509
12.21%
32,609,951
327,750,435
14.57%
48,635,936
530,014,510
18.94% 
100,397,019
Foreign Currency .........................
225,416,147
4.08%
9,207,175
290,821,144
5.10%
11,244,838
510,857,262
4.00% 
20,451,085
 
Average Non-Interest-Earning Assets
Cash and Balances with the Central 
Bank (non-interest earning portion)..
7,995,798
13,824,306
17,743,629
Derivative Financial Assets Held for 
Trading ................................................
7,399,852
10,083,164
15,941,253 
Equity participations ............................  
23,190,854 
 
 
29,937,072 
 
 
52,376,248 
 
 
NPLs net of Specific Provisions...........
7,482,365
7,247,688
6,387,395
Tangible Assets....................................
6,555,967
7,331,750
9,998,341
Other Assets .........................................  
9,466,690 
7,150,111 
16,756,802 
Total for Average Non-Interest-
Earning Assets................................ 
62,091,526 
 
 
75,574,090 
 
 
119,203,668 
Total for Average Assets ................  
554,513,183 
 
 
694,145,669 
 
 
1,160,075,440 
 
 
 __________________________  
(1) Calculated from daily balances and does not include interest accruals.

--- Page 104 ---
85 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Rate 
Paid 
Interest 
Expense 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Rate 
Paid 
Interest 
Expense 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Rate 
Paid 
Interest 
Expense 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
LIABILITIES
Average Interest-Bearing Liabilities
Deposits (other than demand 
deposits).............................................
217,189,668 
4.38% 
9,521,065 
250,438,821 
7.22% 
18,085,126 
411,299,100 
7.90% 
32,480,838 
Turkish Lira................................
95,089,154
9.49%
9,024,667
112,703,996
15.79%
17,798,756
203,676,679
15.43% 
31,435,871
Foreign Currency........................
122,100,514
0.41%
496,398
137,734,825
0.21%
286,370
207,622,421
0.50% 
1,044,967
Funds Borrowed................................
43,894,532 
3.30% 
1,448,001 
48,117,139 
3.18% 
1,530,274 
72,090,014 
4.15% 
2,993,523 
Turkish Lira................................
1,998,120
10.59%
211,590
2,522,732
12.49%
315,064
3,443,060
11.78% 
405,533
Foreign Currency........................
41,896,412
2.95%
1,236,411
45,594,407
2.67%
1,215,210
68,646,954
3.77% 
2,587,990
Funds provided under repurchase 
agreements(1)..............................
18,069,160 
8.28% 
1,496,380 
36,423,378 
13.95% 
5,081,676 
34,982,127 
10.51% 
3,677,551 
Turkish Lira................................
14,717,929
9.72%
1,430,604
29,110,018
17.00%
4,948,476
24,441,967
13.31% 
3,253,818
Foreign Currency........................
3,351,231
1.96%
65,776
7,313,360
1.82%
133,200
10,540,160
4.02% 
423,733
Marketable securities issued and 
subordinated debt .............................
54,083,730 
7.34% 
3,972,083 
56,855,218 
8.37% 
4,761,495 
70,804,851 
8.15% 
5,770,518 
Turkish Lira ................................ 
9,682,418 
11.47% 
1,110,714 
7,469,819 
16.87% 
1,260,389 
6,220,345 
18.40% 
1,144,803 
Foreign Currency ........................ 
44,401,312 
6.44%
2,861,369 
49,385,399 
7.09%
3,501,106 
64,584,506 
7.16% 
4,625,715 
Total for Average Interest-
Bearing Liabilities.....................
333,237,090 
4.93% 
16,437,529 
391,834,556 
7.52% 
29,458,571 
589,176,092 
7.62% 
44,922,430 
Turkish Lira............................
121,487,621
9.69%
11,777,575
151,806,565
16.02%
24,322,685
237,782,051
15.24% 
36,240,025
Foreign Currency....................
211,749,469
2.20%
4,659,954
240,027,992
2.14%
5,135,886
351,394,041
2.47% 
8,682,405
Average Non-Interest-Bearing Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Demand Deposits................................
122,976,913
184,697,233
348,139,106
Provisions ...........................................
8,831,773
11,688,891
21,719,578
Tax Liabilities.....................................
1,157,281
764,828
4,501,678
Other Liabilities .................................. 
25,292,321 
32,523,811 
64,496,989 
Total for Average Non-Interest-
Bearing Liabilities.....................
158,258,288 
229,674,763 
438,857,351 
Total for Average Liabilities ............ 
491,495,378 
621,509,319 
1,028,033,443 
Total Average Shareholders’ Equity 
and Net Profit .................................... 
63,017,805 
 
 
72,636,350 
 
 
132,041,997 
 
 
 _______________________________________  
(1) Calculated from daily balances and does not include interest accruals. 
B. Net Interest Income Data 
In addition to the average yield earned on interest-earning assets and average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities 
shown above, the following table (derived from the Bank’s management accounts) shows the Bank’s net interest income, net 
interest margin and spread for each of the indicated years. 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Net interest income......................................
25,242,039
30,941,269
75,203,453
Turkish Lira...........................................
21,097,761
24,898,152
66,205,737
Foreign Currency ..................................
4,144,279
6,043,117
8,997,716
Net interest margin......................................
5.8%
5.6%
8.7%
Spread..........................................................
4.9%
5.3%
7.0%
Turkish Lira...........................................
3.0%
(1.4)%
6.4%
Foreign Currency ..................................
3.2%
4.4%
2.7%
C. Net Changes in Interest Income and Expense – Volume and Rate Analysis 
The following tables (derived from the Bank’s management accounts) provide a comparative analysis of changes in 
interest income and interest expense by reference to changes in average volume and rates for each of the indicated years. 
Changes in interest income and interest expense are attributed either to changes in average daily balances (volume changes) or 
changes in average rates (rate changes) for interest-earning assets and sources of funds on which interest is received or interest-
bearing liabilities on which interest is expensed. Volume change is calculated as the change in volume multiplied by the previous 
rate, while the rate change is calculated as the change in rate multiplied by the previous volume. The rate volume change (change 
in rate multiplied by change in volume) is allocated between volume change and rate change at the ratio each component bears 
to the absolute value of their total. Average balances represent the average of the daily balances for the respective year. The 
Bank does not separately track short-term and long-term interest expense for purposes of calculating net interest income and 
interest expense. For purpose of the following tables, NPLs have been treated as non-interest-earning assets.

--- Page 105 ---
86 
 
2022/2021 
 
Increase (decrease) due to changes in 
 
Volume 
Rate 
Net Change 
(TL thousands)
Interest Income
Total Performing Loans................................................................
29,821,698
6,816,069
36,637,767
Performing Loans in Turkish Lira..........................................
21,024,409
7,904,782
28,929,191
Performing Loans in Foreign Currency .................................
7,324,428
384,148
7,708,576
Total Securities.............................................................................
14,999,650
9,224,462
24,224,112
Securities in Turkish Lira .......................................................
14,019,226
8,860,456
22,879,682
Securities in Foreign Currency ..............................................  
1,121,585 
222,845 
1,344,430 
Total interest income ............................................................  
44,821,347 
16,040,532 
60,861,879 
Interest Expense
Deposits (other than demand deposits).........................................
12,565,122
1,830,590
14,395,712
Deposits in Turkish Lira.........................................................
14,031,482
(394,367)
13,637,115
Deposits in Foreign Currency ................................................
199,633
558,964
758,597
Funds Borrowed...........................................................................
906,849
556,400
1,463,249
Funds Borrowed in Turkish Lira ............................................
107,190
(16,721)
90,469
Funds Borrowed in Foreign Currency ...................................  
754,354 
618,426 
1,372,780 
Total interest expense ...........................................................  
13,471,971 
2,386,990 
15,858,961 
Net change in net interest income ........................................  
31,349,377 
13,653,541 
45,002,918 
 
 
2021/2020 
 
Increase (decrease) due to changes in 
 
Volume 
Rate 
Net Change 
(TL thousands)
Interest Income
Total Performing Loans................................................................
7,400,034
4,782,298
12,182,332
Performing Loans in Turkish Lira..........................................
5,727,763
4,738,367
10,466,130
Performing Loans in Foreign Currency .................................
1,693,084
23,118
1,716,202
Total Securities.............................................................................
2,194,720
2,963,478
5,158,198
Securities in Turkish Lira .......................................................
1,749,848
3,046,696
4,796,544
Securities in Foreign Currency ..............................................  
283,198 
78,456 
361,654 
Total interest income ............................................................  
9,594,754 
7,745,776 
17,340,530 
Interest Expense
Deposits (other than demand deposits).........................................
1,638,019
6,926,042
8,564,061
Deposits in Turkish Lira.........................................................
1,913,916
6,860,173
8,774,089
Deposits in Foreign Currency ................................................
74,590
(284,618)
(210,028)
Funds Borrowed...........................................................................
131,309
(49,036)
82,273
Funds Borrowed in Turkish Lira ............................................
61,474
42,000
103,474
Funds Borrowed in Foreign Currency ...................................  
217,655 
(238,856) 
(21,201) 
Total interest expense ...........................................................  
1,769,328 
6,877,006 
8,646,334 
Net change in net interest income ........................................  
7,825,426 
868,770 
8,694,196

--- Page 106 ---
87 
D. Certain Group Information 
The following table presents certain selected financial ratios of the Group for each of the indicated years. 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Net period profit/(loss) from continuing operations..............................
7,751,752
15,560,258
69,057,682
Average total assets...............................................................................
654,474,415
851,193,379
1,399,720,375
Average shareholders’ equity................................................................
62,439,458
73,149,562
131,640,946
Average shareholders’ equity as a percentage of average total assets...
9.54%
8.59%
9.40%
Return on average total assets ...............................................................
1.2%
1.8%
4.9%
Return on average shareholders’ equity ................................................
10.7%
18.5%
46.8%
Dividend pay-out ratio (Bank-only) ......................................................
10.0%
10.0%
N/A(1)
 _______________________________________  
(1) The dividend pay-out ratio for 2022, if dividends are paid out, will be determined based upon dividends determined at the Bank’s general meeting of shareholders on 30 March 
2023. 
II. Investment Securities Portfolio 
The Group’s securities portfolio comprises the trading securities portfolio (i.e., debt and equity securities that the 
Group principally holds for the purpose of short-term profit taking, which are reflected in the balance sheet as “financial assets 
at fair value through profit or loss”) and the investment securities portfolio (i.e., financial assets measured at amortised cost and 
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income). The Group also enters into purchases (or sales) of securities 
under agreements to resell (or repurchase) substantially identical investments at a certain date in the future at a fixed price (i.e., 
“repos”). Securities sold under repurchase agreements continue to be recognised in the balance sheet and are measured in 
accordance with the accounting policy for the related security portfolio as appropriate. The Group’s portfolio of marketable 
securities consists primarily of Turkish government securities (including bonds, treasury bills and eurobonds) denominated in 
Turkish Lira, U.S. dollars and euro or linked to gold. 
As of 31 December 2022, the size of the Group’s total securities portfolio increased by 94.7% to TL 342,657 million 
from TL 175,970 million as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase of 35.1% from TL 130,232 million as of 31 December 
2020. In all three years, the Bank’s asset structure maintained a similar composition. 
Pursuant to market practice, the Group pledges securities to acquire funding under security repurchase agreements. 
The securities so pledged amounted to TL 47,092 million as of 31 December 2022, TL 52,952 million as of 31 December 2021 
and TL 26,512 million as of 31 December 2020, comprising 13.7%, 30.1% and 20.4%, respectively, of the Group’s total 
securities portfolio on such dates. Such securities are included in the tables in this section. 
A. Book Value of Investments 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the total securities portfolio (on a book-value basis) held by the Group as 
of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Investment securities portfolio .......................................
123,431,873
161,488,987
309,081,738
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income..............................................
77,827,270
109,943,659
202,125,577
Financial assets measured at amortised cost ...........
45,604,603
51,545,328
106,956,161
Trading securities portfolio/financial assets at fair value 
through profit/loss ..........................................................
6,800,006 
14,481,038 
33,574,852 
Total securities portfolio ........................................  
130,231,879 
175,970,025 
342,656,590

--- Page 107 ---
88 
The following table sets out the Group’s total securities portfolio in Turkish currency and in foreign currencies as of 
the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Turkish Lira-denominated securities................................................
89,995,625
113,797,586
247,100,467
Foreign currency-denominated and indexed securities ....................  
40,236,254 
62,172,439 
95,556,123 
Total securities ..........................................................................  
130,231,879 
175,970,025 
342,656,590 
The following table sets out the Group’s total securities portfolio by type of investment as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Government debt securities(1).............................................................
116,359,821
155,579,197
304,188,965
Other marketable debt securities ........................................................
11,714,613
16,630,587
24,659,124
Equity shares ...................................................................................... 
2,157,445 
3,760,241 
13,808,501 
Total securities ............................................................................ 
130,231,879 
175,970,025 
342,656,590 
 ___________________  
(1) Includes only Turkish government bonds, treasury bills and eurobonds. 
Investment Securities Portfolio 
As noted above, the investment securities portfolio comprises financial assets measured at amortised cost and financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. As of 31 December 2022, the size of the Group’s investment securities 
portfolio increased by 91.4% to TL 309.1 billion from TL 161.5 billion as of 31 December 2021, which itself was an increase 
of 30.8% from TL 123.4 billion as of 31 December 2020. In 2021 and 2022, the loan growth was 46.1% and 49.9%, respectively, 
whereas the total securities portfolio increased by 35.1% and 94.7%, respectively. As of 31 December 2022, the net performing 
portfolio represented 52.8% of the Bank’s total assets, compared to 51.7% and 56.4%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021 
and 2020 (51.6%, 52.5% and 56.2%, respectively, for the Group). As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s investment securities 
portfolio represented 18.0% of the Group’s total assets, compared to 14.4% and 17.2%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021 
and 2020. 
Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income/Available-for-Sale Portfolio. The Group’s 
portfolio of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income consists of Turkish government bonds and 
treasury bills, Turkish private sector bonds and eurobonds, foreign eurobonds and equity shares. The following table sets out 
certain information relating to such portfolio as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Government debt securities(1).....................
71,763,696
92.21%
101,066,059
91.93%
193,655,014
95.81%
Other marketable securities(2).....................
5,513,720
7.08%
7,943,819
7.22%
6,869,962
3.40%
Equity shares ..............................................  
549,854 
0.71% 
933,781 
0.85% 
1,600,601 
0.79% 
Total financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
portfolio ................................................
77,827,270 
100.00% 
109,943,659 
100.00% 
202,125,577 
100.00% 
 _______________________________ 
(1) Includes only Turkish government bonds, treasury bills and eurobonds. 
(2) Includes private sector debt securities and mutual funds. 
As of 31 December 2022, the size of the Group’s financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
portfolio increased by 83.8% to TL 202,125,577 thousand from TL 109,943,659 thousand as of 31 December 2021, itself an 
increase of 41.3% from TL 77,827,270 thousand as of 31 December 2020. 
The average interest rates on the Group’s financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income portfolio 
as of 31 December 2022 were: (a) for Turkish Lira-denominated securities, 31.73% (21.47% and 14.11%, respectively, as of 
31 December 2021 and 2020), (b) for U.S. dollar-denominated securities, 5.84% (5.21% and 5.07%, respectively, as of

--- Page 108 ---
89 
31 December 2021 and 2020), and (c) for euro-denominated securities, 3.89% (3.86% and 2.29%, respectively, as of 
31 December 2021 and 2020). 
Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost/Held-to-Maturity Portfolio. The Group’s portfolio of financial assets 
measured at amortised cost consists principally of Turkish Lira-denominated Turkish government bonds and treasury bills, 
foreign private sector bonds and corporate eurobonds. The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s 
portfolio of financial assets measured at amortised cost as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Government debt securities(1).................
43,854,204
96.16%
47,975,957
93.08%
100,256,173
93.74%
Other marketable debt securities ............ 
1,750,399
3.84%
3,569,371
6.92%
6,699,988
6.26%
Total financial assets measured at 
amortised cost ...................................
45,604,603
100.00%
51,545,328
100.00%
106,956,161
100.00%
 _______________________ 
(1) Includes only Turkish government bonds and treasury bills. 
As of 31 December 2022, the size of the Group’s financial assets measured at amortised cost portfolio increased by 
107.5% to TL 106,956,161 thousand from TL 51,545,328 thousand as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase of 13.0% from 
TL 45,604,603 thousand as of 31 December 2020. In 2021 and 2022, the increases in the financial assets measured at amortised 
cost were primarily due to the Group’s own portfolio management strategy. 
The average interest rates on the Group’s financial assets measured at amortised cost portfolio as of 31 December 2022 
were: (a) for Turkish Lira-denominated securities, 23.92% (19.21% and 12.85%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and 
2020), (b) for U.S. dollar-denominated securities, 6.91% (5.03% and 5.05%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and 2020), 
and (c) for euro-denominated securities, 3.58% (3.11% and 1.94%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and 2020). 
Trading Securities Portfolio 
As noted above, trading securities are debt and equity securities that the Group principally holds for the purpose of 
short-term profit taking. The Group’s trading securities portfolio principally comprises Turkish government debt, investment 
participation bills and equity. The Bank acts as a primary dealer for Turkish government debt securities. 
After initial recognition, securities that are classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are measured 
at estimated fair value. Changes in the estimated fair value are included in the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements’ 
statements of income within gains less losses from securities. In determining estimated fair value, trading securities are valued 
at the last trade price (if quoted on an exchange (e.g., Borsa İstanbul)). When market prices are not available, fair value is 
determined by the internal rate of return method. 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s trading portfolio as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Government debt securities(1)...........
741,921
10.91%
6,537,181
45.14%
10,277,778
30.61%
Other financial assets .......................
4,450,494
65.45%
5,117,397
35.34%
11,089,174
33.03%
Equity shares ....................................
1,607,591
23.64%
2,826,460
19.52%
12,207,900
36.36%
Trading financial assets fair 
value through profit/loss ............
6,800,006 
100.00% 
14,481,038 
100.00% 
33,574,852 
100.00% 
 ______________________________ 
(1) Includes only Turkish government bonds, treasury bills and eurobonds. 
As of 31 December 2022, the size of the Group’s trading portfolio increased by 131.9% to TL 33,574,852 thousand 
from TL 14,481,038 thousand as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase of 113.0% from TL 6,800,006 thousand as of 
31 December 2020. The increase in 2021 was due to an increase in the volume of Turkish government securities whereas the 
change in 2022 was due to increases in both equity securities and other financial assets, both of which can be (and are being) 
used as collateral.

--- Page 109 ---
90 
The average interest rates on the Group’s trading portfolio as of 31 December 2022 were: (a) for Turkish Lira-
denominated securities, 13.59% (15.78% and 15.09%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and 2020), (b) for U.S. dollar-
denominated securities, 5.23% (2.70% and 4.05%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and 2020), and (c) for euro-
denominated securities, 3.00% (1.92% and 2.09%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and 2020). 
B. Maturities of Investments 
The following table sets out the maturities of the securities in the Group’s total securities portfolio (excluding demand 
items) as of year-end 2022: 
 
As of 31 December 2022 
 
1 year or less 
After 1 year 
through 5 years 
After 5 years through 
10 years 
After 10 years 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income.............
31,137,786
104,870,290
48,826,536
15,159,361
199,993,973
Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost...................................
15,044,110
57,972,059
33,800,606
139,386
106,956,161
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit/loss..........................................
20,575,427 
9,377,593 
68,926 
1,958 
30,023,904 
Total........................................
66,757,323 
172,219,942 
82,696,068 
15,300,705 
336,974,038 
C. Investment Concentrations 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group did not hold debt securities of any one issuer that (in the aggregate) had a book 
value in excess of 10% of the Group’s shareholders’ equity, other than securities issued by the Turkish government. As of such 
date, the Group’s TL 304,189 million of Turkish government securities equalled 144.8% of the Group’s shareholders’ equity. 
D. Investments in Subsidiaries and Associates 
For a description of the members of the Group that have been included in the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial 
Statements, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Critical 
Accounting Policies – Consolidation of Subsidiaries and Associates.” Further information on the Bank’s subsidiaries and 
associates is included in “The Group and its Business – Subsidiaries and other Affiliates.” 
Under the line-by-line method, the assets, liabilities, income and expenses and off-balance sheet items of subsidiaries 
are combined with the equivalent items of the Bank on a line-by-line basis. The book value of the Bank’s investment in each 
of the subsidiaries and the Group’s portion of equity of each subsidiary are eliminated. All significant transactions and balances 
between the Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries are eliminated reciprocally. Non-controlling interests in the net income and 
in the equity of consolidated subsidiaries are calculated separately from the Group’s net income and the Group’s shareholders’ 
equity. Non-controlling interests are presented separately in the balance sheet and in the income statement. 
Arap Türk Bankası A.Ş., the only financial associate (as defined under TAS 28 (Standards on Investment in Associates 
and Joint Ventures)) of the Bank as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, was accounted in the Group’s BRSA Financial 
Statements using the equity method. See “The Group and its Business - Subsidiaries and Other Affiliates - Other Financial 
Participations - Banking.” The equity method is an evaluation method for associates, by which the book value of the Bank’s 
share in the associate’s equity is increased or decreased by the proportional share of the Bank in the change in the associate 
company’s equity and the dividends received by the Bank are deducted. 
III. Loan Portfolio 
Loans represent the largest component of the Group’s assets. As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s gross loans 
equalled TL 912,364 million, or 53.2% of total assets. In addition to loans, the Group had, as of such date, outstanding 
guarantees amounting to TL 180,753 million, acceptances amounting to TL 8,054 million and letters of credit amounting to 
TL 56,869 million. KGF cash loans amounted to TL 9.8 billion (representing 1.15% of the Group’s total cash loans excluding 
NPLs) as of such date. As discussed below, there are several important characteristics of the Group’s loan portfolio, including 
diversification based upon sector, type of borrower, maturity, currency and geography. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s net cash total loans amounted to TL 872.4 billion, which represented 50.9% of 
the Group’s total assets, compared to TL 581.9 billion (51.8% of the Group’s total assets) as of 31 December 2021 and TL 401.0

--- Page 110 ---
91 
billion (55.8% of the Group’s total assets) as of 31 December 2020. The Group’s portfolio of loans (including lease receivables, 
factoring receivables and NPLs) increased by 48.4% as of 31 December 2022 compared to year-end 2021, which itself increased 
by 43.9% compared to year-end 2020. When the impact of the depreciation in foreign exchange is excluded, foreign currency-
denominated cash loans (excluding lease receivables, factoring receivables and NPLs) declined by 3.9% and 12.1% in 2021 
and 2022, respectively. The decreases in 2021 and 2022 were driven primarily by repayments of foreign currency-denominated 
commercial and corporate loans. 
As of 31 December 2022, the average interest rates charged to borrowers were 8.12% for U.S. dollars, 5.94% for euro, 
7.27% for Japanese Yen and 20.59% for Turkish Lira (5.30%, 4.29% and 18.30%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and 
5.73%, 4.45% and 14.36%, respectively as of 31 December 20120). 
A. Types of Loans 
In the medium term, the Bank plans to focus on the retail market and continue to grow in commercial, corporate and 
private business lines. During the medium term, the Bank aims to maintain its market share while improving its profitability, 
asset quality and cost efficiency and sustaining efficient capital. See “The Group and its Business – Strategy.” 
Types of Borrowers. The following table sets forth the Group’s cash loans by type of loan (excluding NPLs and 
expected credit losses) and the percentage contribution to the total loan portfolio, as of the indicated dates. 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
Amount 
% 
Amount 
% 
Amount 
% 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Public Sector Loans .............
5,495,644
1.36%
7,291,579
1.24%
7,172,079
0.81%
Private Sector Loans ............
398,439,226 
98.64% 
583,006,049 
98.76% 
877,978,896 
99.19% 
Total Performing Loans
403,934,870 
100.00% 
590,297,628 
100.00% 
885,150,975 
100.00% 
Loans to the public sector comprise mainly project finance loans representing long-term loans extended in relation to 
infrastructure construction under the management and guarantee of the Turkish Treasury. The Group is within the limits 
imposed by Turkish banking regulations with respect to its exposure to any one borrower or group of borrowers, including to 
Group companies. According to the Banking Law, the single exposure limit is set at 20% of a bank’s own funds in the case of 
a related party group and 25% of a bank’s own funds in the case of a non-related party group. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank’s loan portfolio comprised 55.1% corporate (as defined by the Corporate 
Definition), 21.7% SME (as defined by the BRSA SME Definition), 15.6% consumer and 7.7% retail credit card loans. 
Geographic Region of Loans. For 2020, 2021 and 2022, the share of domestic Turkish loans was 96.1%, 95.4% and 
96.2%, respectively, of the Group’s total loans. Of the loans made to borrowers outside Türkiye, there was no material 
concentration in any one country over these periods. The following table shows the geographic distribution of the Group’s loan 
portfolio (by location of the branch/subsidiary) as of the indicated dates: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
Amount 
% 
Amount 
% 
Amount 
% 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Aegean Region...........................
43,466,542
10.76%
60,922,019
10.32%
99,403,989
11.23%
Black Sea Region .......................
13,597,197
3.37%
17,611,588
2.98%
28,397,778
3.21%
Central Anatolia Region.............
87,057,368
21.55%
125,753,568
21.30%
177,108,810
20.01%
Eastern Anatolia Region.............
6,062,742
1.50%
8,640,677
1.46%
14,344,965
1.62%
Marmara Region.........................
181,309,957
44.89%
258,712,374
43.83%
385,779,964
43.58%
Mediterranean Region................
30,982,534
7.67%
44,817,880
7.59%
69,426,975
7.84%
Southeastern Anatolia Region....
18,855,550
4.67%
29,564,823
5.01%
47,164,709
5.33%
International ...............................  
22,602,980 
5.60% 
44,274,699 
7.50% 
63,523,785 
7.18% 
Total Performing Loans....  
403,934,870 
100.00% 
590,297,628 
100.00% 
885,150,975 
100.00% 
NPLs ...........................................  
23,144,846 
24,445,092 
27,212,758 
Total Loans ........................  
427,079,716 
614,742,720 
912,363,733 
Expected Credit Losses ..............  
(26,031,666) 
(32,825,292) 
(39,922,146) 
Total Loans (Net)...............
401,048,050 
581,917,428 
872,441,587

--- Page 111 ---
92 
Currency of Loans. As of 31 December 2022, foreign currency risk-bearing loans comprised 44.0% of the Group’s 
loan portfolio (of which U.S. dollar-denominated obligations were the most significant), compared to 52.4% as of 31 December 
2021 and 45.0% as of 31 December 2020. 
The following table sets out an analysis by currency of the exposure of the Group’s loan portfolio (including interest 
and other accruals and lease receivables and factoring receivables but not including expected credit losses for Stage 1 and 2 
loans) as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020
2021
2022
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Cash Loans
Turkish Lira ....................................
229,420,799
42.83%
287,345,256
35.99%
501,169,322
43.87%
Foreign Currency............................
183,287,028
34.22%
311,498,860
39.01%
390,628,821
34.20%
U.S. Dollars ............................
85,763,365
16.01%
152,067,187
19.05%
192,498,201
16.85%
Euro ........................................
94,992,681
17.74%
153,733,938
19.25%
189,721,295
16.61%
Other .......................................  
2,530,982 
0.47% 
5,697,735 
0.71% 
8,409,325 
0.74% 
Total Cash Loans ..................  
412,707,827 
77.06% 
598,844,116 
75.00% 
891,798,143 
78.07% 
Non-cash Loans
Letters of Guarantee........................
88,071,210
16.44%
132,666,963
16.62%
180,752,625
15.82%
Turkish Lira ............................
39,563,027
7.39%
46,048,608
5.77%
85,483,077
7.48%
Foreign Currency....................
48,508,183
9.06%
86,618,355
10.8%
95,269,548
8.34%
Acceptance Credits .........................
9,050,343
1.69%
13,805,873
1.73%
8,053,507
0.71%
Turkish Lira ............................
84,800
0.02%
111,350
0.01%
5,576,890
0.49%
Foreign Currency....................
8,965,543
1.67%
13,694,523
1.72%
2,476,617
0.22%
Letters of Credit..............................
22,593,911
4.22%
48,873,749
6.12%
56,868,515
4.98%
Turkish Lira ............................
454,945
0.08%
244,637
0.03%
492,132
0.04%
Foreign Currency....................
22,138,966
4.13%
48,629,112
6.09%
56,376,383
4.94%
Other Guarantee..............................
3,170,943
0.59%
4,269,208
0.53%
4,841,274
0.42%
Turkish Lira ............................
25,603
0.00%
8,332
0.00%
5,143
0.00%
Foreign Currency....................  
3,145,340 
0.59% 
4,260,876 
0.53% 
4,836,131 
0.42% 
Total Non-cash Loans ...........  
122,886,407 
22.94% 
199,615,793 
25.00% 
250,515,921 
21.93% 
Total Loans ............................  
535,594,234 
100.00% 
798,459,909 
100.00% 
1,142,314,064 
100.00% 
In 2021 and 2022, the Turkish Lira/U.S. Dollar exchange rate continued to increase, resulting in the foreign currency 
risk-bearing loans of the Group increasing their share in the Group’s total loans. 
B. Maturities and Sensitivities of Loans to Changes in Interest Rates 
The Group provides financing for various purposes, although the majority of loans are retail loans and loans for 
working capital purposes. On a Bank-only basis, the average maturity for Turkish Lira-denominated retail loans was 32 months 
as of 31 December 2022. As of such date, the Group’s loans with remaining maturities over one year but through five years and 
over five years comprised 27.1% and 7.2%, respectively, of the Group’s total loans and advances to customers. 
The following tables set out certain information relating to the maturity profile of the Group’s cash loan portfolio and 
guarantee portfolio (based upon scheduled repayments) as of the indicated dates, including accrued interest. Also included for 
the cash loans is the share thereof that are fixed rate loans and floating rate loans. 
1 year or 
less 
After 1 year 
through 5 
years 
After 5 years 
Total 
Fixed 
Rate 
Loans 
%(1) 
Floating 
Rate 
Loans 
%(1) 
Cash Loans
(TL thousands)
31 December 2020 ..........
226,041,766
159,584,414
41,453,536
427,079,716
66.60%
33.40%
31 December 2021 ..........
330,215,646
225,670,531
58,856,543
614,742,720
66.31%
33.69%
31 December 2022 ..........
598,876,878
247,484,905
66,001,950
912,363,733
63.68%
36.32%
 __________________________  
(1) Includes lease receivables and factoring receivables and NPLs.

--- Page 112 ---
93 
 
1 year or less 
After 1 year 
Total 
Guarantees(1)
(TL thousands)
31 December 2020 ..................
102,986,265
19,900,142
122,886,407
31 December 2021 ..................
178,763,774
20,852,019
199,615,793
31 December 2022 ..................
225,075,760
25,440,161
250,515,921
 __________________________  
(1) Includes acceptance credits, letters of credit and export commitments. 
In line with its lending strategy, typically the average maturity of the Group’s Turkish Lira loans (other than mortgage 
loans) is less than two years, whereas the average maturity of mortgages and foreign currency loans (including foreign currency-
denominated project finance loans) exceeds two years. A significant portion of the Group’s commercial loan portfolio is 
comprised of revolving loans. 
C. Risk Elements 
If the collectability of any loan or receivable is identified as limited or doubtful by the Group’s management, then the 
Group provides general and specific provisions in accordance with the applicable law. Loans and receivables are classified and 
followed in line with the provisions of the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation and both general (for Group I and 
II loans) and specific (for Group III, IV and V loans) provisions are calculated and allocated in accordance with TFRS 9. See 
“Turkish Regulatory Environment – Expected Credit Losses.” As of 31 December 2022, 10.9%, 20.3% and 68.8% of the Bank’s 
NPL portfolio was categorised in Groups III, IV and V, respectively. The provision made during the year is charged against the 
profit for the year. Loans that cannot be recovered are written-off and charged the allowance for loan losses. Recoveries of 
amounts previously provided for are treated as a reduction from provision for loan losses for the year. 
Total NPLs amounted to 3.0% of the sum of loans and receivables (performing) and NPLs (i.e., the NPL ratio) of the 
Group as of 31 December 2022 (5.4% and 4.0%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 and 2021). 
1. Nonaccrual, Past Due and Restructured Loans 
The following table sets out the composition of the Group’s total NPLs and loans with revised contract terms as of the 
indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
NPLs .......................................................
23,144,846
24,445,092
27,212,758
Loans with revised contract terms ..........  
15,582,803 
18,196,059 
31,481,496 
Total ................................................  
38,727,649 
42,641,151 
58,694,254 
Where a loan becomes impaired due to a delay in its principal or interest repayment of more than 90 days, the Bank 
classifies the loan as an NPL and classifies it under Group III as set out in the Turkish regulations. Furthermore, restructured 
loans are transferred to the “Renewed and Restructured Loans Account” according to collection performance as defined in the 
related decree. Notwithstanding the preceding in this sentence, on 17 March 2020, the BRSA (as part of the measures taken 
against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic) implemented a temporary rule (effective until 31 December 2020) providing 
that such 90 day period was to be replaced with an 180 day period, resulting in loans remaining categorised as Group II loans 
longer. On 8 December 2020, the BRSA extended this temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which was on 17 June 2021 further 
extended through 30 September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of 
this temporary rule on 30 September 2021, it would still apply to loans that were overdue for more than 91 days but not more 
than 180 days as of 1 October 2021. As a result, the NPL figures for 31 December 2020 (but not 31 December 2021 or 2022) 
reflect this temporary application and thus are not comparable to such amounts for 31 December 2021 or 2022. With the impact 
of the BRSA’s temporary rule, the Bank’s NPL ratio was 5.6% as of 31 December 2020; however, had this temporary rule not 
been in effect, the NPL ratio would have been 6.5% as of such date. 
The amount of the Bank’s NPLs restructured and transferred to the “Renewed and Restructured Loans Account” as of 
31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 totalled TL 82.8 million, TL 780.0 million and TL 773.5 million, respectively. 
The restructuring of a loan consists of: (a) amendments to the conditions of the loan agreement or (b) partial or full 
refinancing of the loan. In this respect, an NPL may be reclassified as a restructured loan under Group II subject to the following

--- Page 113 ---
94 
conditions: (i) upon evaluation of the financial standing of the debtor, it has been determined that the conditions for the 
applicable loan to be classified as an NPL have disappeared, (ii) the loan has been monitored as an NPL at least for one year 
following restructuring, (iii) as of the date of reclassification as a Group II loan, there has not been any delay in principal and/or 
interest payments nor are there any expectation of any such delay in the future, and (iv) overdue payments and/or written-down 
principal payments in relation to the restructured loan have been collected. According to a non-public BRSA decision on 
8 November 2019, the one year period described in clause (ii) was reduced to six months through 31 December 2020 (which, 
per the decision of the BRSA dated 18 December 2020, was extended through 30 June 2021). Furthermore, such restructured 
NPL being reclassified as a performing Group II loan may be excluded from the scope of the restructuring if all the following 
conditions are met: (A) such loan has been monitored as a restructured loan under Group II at least for one year, (B) at least 
10% of the outstanding debt amount has been repaid during such one year monitoring period, (C) there has not been any delay 
of more than 30 days in principal and/or interest payments of any loan extended to the applicable debtor during such monitoring 
period and (D) the financial difficulty that led to the restructuring of the loan no longer exists. Pursuant to the Classification of 
Loans and Provisions Regulation, banks applying TFRS 9 may reclassify their performing loans, which had been previously 
classified as restructured loans under Group II, under Group I again following a minimum three month monitoring period, 
subject to the satisfaction of the requirements listed under clauses (C) and (D) above (regardless of the conditions under 
clauses (A) and (B) stated above). See “Turkish Regulatory Environment – Expected Credit Losses – Current Rules.” 
2. Potential Problem Loans 
As of each of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, there were no material amounts of loans that are not included in the 
preceding table but for which information known to the Group about possible credit problems of borrowers caused the Bank’s 
management to have serious doubts as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with the present loan repayment terms and 
that might result in disclosure of such loans in the above table for future years. See “– Summary of Loan Loss Experience” 
below. 
3. Loan Concentrations 
As of each of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Group’s loan portfolio did not contain any concentration of 
credits that exceeded 10% of its total loans that are not otherwise already disclosed as a category of loans pursuant to “Types 
of Loans” above. For the purposes of this paragraph, loan concentrations are considered to exist when there are credits to a 
multiple number of borrowers engaged in similar activities that would cause them to be similarly impacted by economic or 
other conditions. 
From an individual borrower perspective, as of 31 December 2022, the gross cash loans to the Bank’s 10 largest 
customer groups represented 15.8% of its gross loan portfolio, compared to 16.3% as of 31 December 2021 and 16.4% as of 
31 December 2020. 
D. Other Interest-Earning Assets 
As of each of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Group’s other interest-earning assets did not include any non-
loan assets that would be included in III.C.1. (“Nonaccrual, Past Due and Restructured Loans”) or III.C.2. (“Potential Problem 
Loans”) above if such assets were loans. 
IV. Summary of Loan Loss Experience 
The Bank’s credit monitoring department provides monthly reports to the Bank’s board of directors detailing all 
aspects of its credit activity, including the number of new problem loans, the status of existing NPLs and collections. The 
Bank’s senior management monitors the timeliness of debt repayments and classified loans and contingent liabilities. Prompt 
action is taken by the appropriate departments having responsibility for supervising and monitoring loan repayments if any 
principal or accrued interest repayment problems arise. Any overall deterioration in the quality of the Group’s loan portfolio or 
increased exposure relating to off-balance sheet contingent liabilities is brought to the attention of the Bank’s board of directors. 
The determination of whether a repayment problem has arisen is based upon a number of objective and subjective 
criteria, including changes to the borrower’s turnover in accounts held by the Group, changes to the borrower’s economic and 
financial activity giving rise to the suspicion that a loan is not being used for its original purpose, applications to change credit 
terms, failure of the borrower to fulfil the terms and conditions of its loan agreement and refusal of a borrower to cooperate in 
supplying current information.

--- Page 114 ---
95 
The Group classifies its loan portfolio in accordance with current Turkish banking regulations in its BRSA Financial 
Statements. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment.” In accordance with the applicable regulations, the Group makes specific 
allowances for possible loan losses. Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, the general rule is that 
banks shall apply provisions for their loans pursuant to TFRS 9; however, the BRSA may, on an exceptional basis, authorise a 
bank to apply the applicable provisions set forth in the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation in addition to those 
required by TFRS 9, subject to the presence of detailed and acceptable grounds. With respect to the requirements under TFRS 9, 
“twelve-months expected credit loss reserve” and “lifetime expected credit loss reserve set aside due to significant increase in 
credit risk profile of the debtor” are considered as general provisions while “lifetime expected credit loss reserve set aside due 
to debtor’s default” is considered as special provisions. A loan is categorised as non-performing when: (a) it is classified in 
Groups III, IV or V in accordance with the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, (b) the debtor defaults or (c) 
lifetime expected credit loss reserve is set aside according to TFRS 9. Collateral can also be taken into consideration in the 
calculation of Stage 3 loan provisions. 
The Bank might write-off the uncollected portion of an NPL (subject to the maximum provision amount) at the end of 
the legal process initiated to collect the proceeds (write-offs typically occur when an unrecoverable loss is identified). Under 
TFRS 9, the Bank does not reverse interest accruals and rediscounts of NPLs and other receivables and monitors the related 
amounts under interest income. The Bank calculates its provisions on these loans and other receivables in line with the forward-
looking expected credit loss (ECL) approach applicable under TFRS 9. 
Turkish regulations require Turkish banks to provide a certain amount of expected credit losses (see “Turkish 
Regulatory Environment – Expected Credit Losses”). 
The Group’s NPLs amounted to TL 23,144,846 thousand, TL 24,445,092 thousand and TL 27,212,758 thousand as of 
31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. The Group’s NPL ratio and ratio of non-performing loans to total cash and 
non-cash loans were 5.4% and 4.2%, 4.0% and 3.1% and 3.0% and 2.4%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 
2022. The Group did not sell any NPLs in 2020; however, the Group sold TL 1,096,899 thousand of NPLs for TL 125,150 
thousand in 2021 and TL 363,974 thousand of NPLs for TL 76,500 thousand in 2022. 
NPL Loan Portfolio by Loan Type 
The following table sets forth the Bank’s NPLs by loan type as of the indicated dates: 
 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL millions)
Corporate(1)/SME(2)............................
18,124
18,599
19,199
Consumer...........................................
1,132
1,197
2,504
Credit Card ........................................
910
807
1,203
Overdraft(3) ........................................
77
102
170
Other/Miscellaneous Receivables ...... 
128 
126 
58 
Total ........................................... 
20,371 
20,831 
23,134 
 _____________________  
(1) As defined by the Corporate Definition. 
(2) As defined by the BRSA SME Definition. 
(3) Retail portion only.

--- Page 115 ---
96 
Analysis of the Allowance for Loan Losses 
The following table sets forth an analysis of the movements in the allowance for expected credit losses for Stage 3 
loans for the Group for each year indicated below: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Balances at beginning of year ..............
11,291,709 
14,371,889 
15,898,604 
Additions ................................................
4,017,116
4,134,573
12,402,374
Collections..............................................
(1,570,849)
(2,249,174)
(3,857,344)
Write-offs ...............................................
(89,532)
(2,013,743)
(5,613,004)
Transfers.................................................
613,793
1,226,390
1,373,142
Currency exchange difference ................  
109,652 
428,669 
361,818 
Balances at end of year .................  
14,371,889 
15,898,604 
20,565,590 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s provisions for losses on Stage 1 and Stage 2 
cash and non-cash credit exposures as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Cash .............................................................
11,659,777
16,926,688
19,356,556
Non-cash commitments and contingencies ..  
446,727 
546,149 
550,335 
Total .....................................................  
12,106,504 
17,472,837 
19,906,891 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s NPLs and related provisions as of the indicated 
dates. 
As of 31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
NPLs 
Total 
Provision 
% 
Reserved 
NPLs 
Total 
Provision 
% 
Reserved 
NPLs 
Total 
Provision 
% 
Reserved 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Risk Category
Doubtful..................
823,375
436,240
52.98%
2,354,561
1,231,704
52.31%
3,004,570
1,533,076
51.02%
Substantial ..............
3,775,159
1,609,932
42.65%
3,517,144
1,762,150
50.10%
6,551,024
4,047,910
61.79%
Loss ........................
18,546,312
12,325,717
66.46%
18,573,387
12,904,750
69.48%
17,657,164
14,984,604
84.86%
Total loans 
classified ............
23,144,846
14,371,889
62.10%
24,445,092
15,898,604
65.04%
27,212,758
20,565,590
75.57%
Gross loans .............
427,079,716
614,742,720
912,363,733
Loans (net)..............
401,048,050
581,917,428
872,441,587
V. Deposits 
Historically, customer deposits have been the Bank’s principal source of funding, which has provided the Group with 
a competitive advantage in cost of funds and has contributed to the liquidity in the Group’s balance sheet. The Bank’s ability 
to obtain customer deposits is supported by its extensive branch network. With expansion of its deposit base and growth of the 
share of its demand deposits among the Bank’s top priorities, Turkish Lira deposits from individuals constituted 57.5% of the 
Bank’s total Turkish Lira deposits as of 31 December 2022. Other sources of funding include (inter alia) deposits from banks, 
obligations under repurchase agreements and, to a lesser extent, overnight bank deposits. 
The Bank’s deposits increased by 61.5% in 2021 from year-end 2020, amounting to TL 595.6 billion as of 
31 December 2021, increasing again in 2022 by 56.3% to TL 931.1 billion as of 31 December 2022. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s customers in Türkiye held more deposits with the Bank in foreign currency than 
in Turkish Lira, with 60.0% of the Group’s total deposits being foreign currency deposits (29.3% denominated in U.S. dollars 
(48.9% of total foreign currency deposits) and 19.6% denominated in euro (32.7% of total foreign currency deposits)).

--- Page 116 ---
97 
The following table sets out the Group’s deposits and other sources of funding as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Turkish Lira deposits ..........................
133,332,439
24.28%
165,520,943
18.60%
381,017,089
30.44%
Foreign currency deposits ...................
248,360,954
45.22%
452,158,260
50.81%
571,618,843
45.67%
Money market funds ...........................
25,984,647
4.73%
53,737,853
6.04%
51,240,156
4.09%
Funds borrowed, marketable securities 
issued and subordinated debt ..............
141,528,315 
25.77% 
218,480,272 
24.55% 
247,884,904 
19.80% 
Total ............................................  
549,206,355 
100.00% 
889,897,328 
100.00% 
1,251,760,992 
100.00% 
For further information on the Group’s sources of funding, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Funding.” 
The Group’s deposits consist of demand and time deposits. Customer current accounts generally bear no interest and 
can be withdrawn upon demand. For time deposits, different interest rates are paid on the various types of accounts offered by 
the Group. The Group’s deposits from customers mainly comprise foreign currency deposits, savings, commercial deposits and 
obligations under repurchase agreements. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s total deposits were TL 952.6 billion, as compared to TL 617.7 billion as of 
31 December 2021 and TL 381.7 billion as of 31 December 2020. The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s 
deposits from customers and financial institutions, and funds deposited under repurchase agreements, by composition as of the 
indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
Amount 
% 
Amount 
% 
Amount 
% 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Savings deposit in Turkish Lira.............
90,343,469
22.24%
111,574,832
16.71%
222,172,805
22.34%
Demand................................................
21,210,745
29,130,181
52,201,388
Time.....................................................
69,132,724
82,444,651
169,971,417
Foreign currency deposits(1) ...................
245,042,157
60.32%
447,358,988
66.99%
563,630,583
56.68%
Demand................................................
120,638,481
241,535,227
321,483,939
Time.....................................................
124,403,676
205,823,761
242,146,644
Funds deposited under repurchase 
agreements...............................................
24,558,771
6.05%
50,085,891
7.50%
41,795,275
4.20%
Commercial deposits...............................
35,925,205
8.84%
46,530,351
6.97%
149,070,437
14.99%
Demand................................................
12,882,574
18,091,217
54,943,461
Time.....................................................
23,042,631
28,439,134
94,126,976
Bank deposits ..........................................
5,704,272
1.40%
6,427,034
0.96%
11,307,113
1.14%
Demand................................................
1,123,809
1,302,757
1,192,084
Time.....................................................
4,580,463
5,124,277
10,115,029
Other........................................................
4,678,290
1.15%
5,787,998
0.87%
6,454,994
0.65%
Demand................................................
1,483,828
1,807,768
1,882,453
Time .....................................................  
3,194,462 
 
3,980,230 
 
4,572,541 
 
Total ................................................  
406,252,164 
100.00% 
667,765,094 
100.00% 
994,431,207 
100.00% 
 _________________________ 
(1) Excluding bank deposits. 
As of 31 December 2022, the average interest rates of the Group applied to customer deposits were 0.65% for U.S. 
dollars, 0.12% for euro and 11.63% for Turkish Lira. 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s demand and time deposits from customers and funds deposited 
under repurchase agreements as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Demand deposits ...........................................................................
157,339,437
291,867,150
431,703,325
Time deposits and funds deposited under repurchase agreements 
248,912,727 
375,897,944 
562,727,882 
Total ......................................................................................
406,252,164 
667,765,094 
994,431,207

--- Page 117 ---
98 
The following table shows the maturities of deposits as of the indicated dates: 
Up to 
3 months(1) 
3 months 
to 1 year 
Over 
1 year 
Total 
(TL thousands)
31 December 2020 .............................
348,390,290
18,032,050
15,271,053
381,693,393
31 December 2021 .............................
562,553,899
32,560,784
22,564,520
617,679,203
31 December 2022 .............................
764,209,050
153,465,305
34,961,577
952,635,932
 ___________________  
(1) Includes demand deposits. 
VI. Return on Equity and Assets 
The following table sets out certain of the Group’s selected financial ratios and other data for the indicated years: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Net period profit/(loss) from continuing operations.................................
7,751,752
15,560,258
69,057,682
Average total assets..................................................................................
654,474,415
851,193,379
1,399,720,375
Average shareholders’ equity...................................................................
62,439,458
73,149,562
131,640,946
Average shareholders’ equity as a percentage of average total assets......
9.54%
8.59%
9.40%
Return on average total assets ..................................................................
1.2%
1.8%
4.9%
Return on average shareholders’ equity ...................................................
10.7%
18.5%
46.8%
VII. Short-Term Borrowings 
For information on the tenor of the Group’s outstanding debt, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operation – Liquidity and Funding.”

--- Page 118 ---
99 
THE GROUP AND ITS BUSINESS 
Overview of the Group 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank: (a) was the largest private bank in Türkiye in terms of shareholders’ equity, total 
assets, total deposits, demand deposits, total loans and number of branches and (b) had the largest market shares of foreign 
currency-denominated loans (12.3%), non-retail loans (10.4%) and foreign currency-denominated deposits (14.0%) (source: 
BRSA data excluding participation banks, each as measured on a bank-only basis). The Bank operates in six main business 
segments: (a) Corporate Banking, (b) Commercial Banking, (c) Retail Banking, (d) Private Banking, (e) Capital Market 
Operations and (f) Other Banking Services. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group had total assets of TL 1,715,432 million, an increase of 52.6% from TL 1,124,404 
million as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase of 56.6% from TL 718,152 million as of 31 December 2020. As of 
31 December 2022, the Group had total deposits of TL 952,636 million, an increase of 54.2% from TL 617,679 million as of 
31 December 2021, which was itself an increase of 61.8% from TL 381,693 million as of 31 December 2020. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group had total shareholders’ equity of TL 210,053 million, an increase of 118.4% from 
TL 96,168 million as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase of 28.5% from TL 74,862 million as of 31 December 2020. 
In 2022, the Group’s net profit was TL 69,058 million, an increase of 343.8% from TL 15,560 million as of 
31 December 2021, itself a 100.7% increase from TL 7,752 million as of 31 December 2020. In 2022, the Group’s net interest 
income was TL 86,431 million, an increase of 134.1% from TL 36,919 million as of 31 December 2021, itself a 27.0% increase 
from TL 29,063 million as of 31 December 2020. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s shares are quoted on the Borsa İstanbul and also are traded by 
qualified institutional buyers on over the counter markets in the form of American Depositary Receipts and at the London Stock 
Exchange in the form of Global Depositary Receipts. As of 31 December 2022, 37.31% of the Bank’s shares were held by the 
Bank’s own employee pension fund and 28.09% (Atatürk’s shares) were owned by the CHP. The remaining 34.60% was listed 
publicly on the Borsa İstanbul. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had the largest nationwide branch network and the largest ATM network among 
private sector banks in Türkiye, with 1,110 domestic branches (covering every city in Türkiye) and 6,161 domestic ATMs 
(sources for comparative data: Banks Association of Türkiye and Interbank Card Centre), and also had 21 non-Turkish branches. 
The Bank also has an international presence through its own London, North London (England), Arbil (Iraq), Baghdad (Iraq), 
Bahrain, Pristina (Kosovo) and Prizren (Kosovo) branches; through İşbank AG, a wholly-owned subsidiary with nine branches 
in Germany and one branch in The Netherlands; through Moscow-based JSC İşbank, a wholly-owned subsidiary with one 
branch in Moscow and two representative offices in Kazan and St. Petersburg in Russia; and through Tbilisi-based JSC Isbank 
Georgia, a wholly-owned subsidiary with two branches in Georgia. Besides these, as of such date, the Bank had 14 branches in 
the TRNC and a representative office in each of the People’s Republic of China and Egypt. 
Part of the Bank’s original mandate and strategy was to support the growth and development of the Turkish economy. 
As part of this strategy, the Bank acquired numerous equity participations in other companies over time and has taken part in 
the establishment of companies in a range of industries, in a number of cases being the first Turkish company to be active in 
such industries. The Bank has disposed of many of these equity participations over the years. As of 31 December 2022, the 
Bank had a direct equity interest in 28 companies, 11 of which were then classified under available-for-sale securities. These 
companies are active in a wide range of industrial and service sectors, mainly finance and glass. 
Key Strengths 
The Bank’s management believes that the Group has a number of key strengths that enable the Group to compete 
effectively in the Turkish banking sector. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management sees these key 
strengths as being: 
Market Leader in Turkish Banking Sector in Size and Scope of Operations 
As noted above, as of 31 December 2022, among private sector banks in Türkiye, the Bank was the largest bank in 
Türkiye in terms of its total assets, total loans, total deposits and shareholders’ equity (source: Banks Association of Türkiye). 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank supported its market-leading position by having the largest nationwide branch and ATM

--- Page 119 ---
100 
network among private sector banks in Türkiye, with 1,110 domestic branches, 21 branches outside of Türkiye and 6,161 
domestic ATMs (sources: Banks Association of Türkiye and Interbank Card Centre). The Bank’s management believes that the 
Bank’s extensive branch network and digital footprint helps to support the growth of the Bank’s assets and liabilities. The Bank 
opened two new domestic branches in 2021 (33 domestic branches and one branch outside of Türkiye were consolidated with 
other branches during this year) and five new domestic branches in 2022 (69 domestic branches were consolidated with other 
branches during this year), whereas the Bank (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) plans to open three new domestic branches 
and one new branch outside of Türkiye and consolidate approximately 15 domestic branches in 2023. 
The Bank’s management believes that the Group’s market leadership position and broad distribution network have 
supported its strong growth across both its asset and liability portfolios and enabled it to benefit significantly from economies 
of scale, given the macroeconomic environment. The Bank’s loan portfolio grew from TL 345,150 million as of 31 December 
2020 to TL 493,378 million as of 31 December 2021 and TL 759,289 million as of 31 December 2022, a compound annual 
growth rate (“CAGR”) of 48.3%. The Bank’s total deposits grew from TL 368,876 million as of 31 December 2020 to 
TL 595,628 million as of 31 December 2021 and TL 931,077 million as of 31 December 2022, resulting in a CAGR of 58.9%. 
Strong Liquidity and Capital Structure 
The Group has a strong capital structure, with shareholders’ equity of TL 210,053 million, a capital adequacy ratio of 
21.8% (18.3% calculated using tier 1 capital only) and a common equity tier 1 ratio (i.e., common equity tier 1 capital (in 
Turkish: çekirdek sermaye) (“CET1 capital”) divided by the risk-weighted assets of the Group, each as calculated according to 
Turkish banking regulations) of 18.0% as of 31 December 2022 (under BRSA). The cash loan-to-deposit ratio of the Group 
was 89.4% as of 31 December 2022 (102.7% as of 31 December 2020 and 92.6% as of 31 December 2021). Although a large 
portion of the Bank’s deposits are, similar to the Turkish banking sector, short-term (with durations of less than 90 days), the 
majority of the Bank’s deposits have historically been reinvested (with accounts having on average been open for 7.7 years as 
of 31 December 2022). 
The Group has an immaterial exposure to sovereign debt, other than that of Türkiye, as most of its investment securities 
are Turkish government T-bills and bonds. As a result, the Group was less affected than many other global financial institutions 
from the reduction of liquidity and increased cost of funding that occurred during the global financial crisis. Accordingly, the 
Bank’s management believes that the Bank’s strong balance sheet has supported its ability to attract a strong deposit base and 
that the Bank has benefitted from a “flight to quality” during difficult market conditions, with deposits of TL 931,077 million 
as of 31 December 2022, an increase of 56.3% from TL 595,628 million as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase from 
TL 368,876 million as of 31 December 2020. Overall, the Bank’s total assets grew from TL 593,902 million as of 31 December 
2020 to TL 926,569 million as of 31 December 2021 and TL 1,408,323 million as of 31 December 2022, resulting in a CAGR 
of 54.0%. The Bank’s return on average total assets was 1.3%, 1.9% and 5.3%, respectively, for 2020, 2021 and 2022 (compared 
to 1.1%, 1.3% and 3.7%, respectively, for the sector, according to figures published by the BRSA) and the return on its average 
shareholders’ equity was 10.9%, 18.4% and 46.8%, respectively, for 2020, 2021 and 2022 (compared to 11.4%, 15.5% and 
49.9%, respectively, for the sector, according to figures published by the BRSA). 
Recognised and Trusted Banking Brand in Türkiye 
The Bank’s management believes that the Bank is one of the most widely recognised, respected and trusted banks in 
Türkiye. The Bank has been in business since 1924, weathering Türkiye’s often turbulent financial markets and establishing a 
long-standing focus on prudent risk management and a record of financial stability. The Bank was established under the laws 
of Türkiye at the initiative of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk as the first national bank of Türkiye. The strength of the Bank’s brand, 
together with its physical and digital footprint and customer base, have enabled the Group to become a Turkish market leader 
as well as a trusted banking partner for customers. 
Large Customer Base in Türkiye 
The Bank had approximately 20.7 million retail customers, nearly 8,000 corporate customers and over 1.5 million 
commercial customers as of 31 December 2022. The Bank had the largest deposit base among private sector banks with 
TL 931,077 million in deposits as of 31 December 2022 (source: BRSA). The Bank’s broad network of branches, digital 
channels and other alternative distribution channels provide the Bank with presence, access and crucial local knowledge of 
retail and corporate/commercial customers in every city in Türkiye. Unlike most of its competitors, in addition to the branches 
in large cities, the Bank also has branches in rural districts. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had the largest nationwide 
 
 CAGR for a period is calculated as follows: CAGR=[(value as of the beginning date of such period/value as of ending date of such period)(1/(number of 
years within the period))]-1.

--- Page 120 ---
101 
branch network among private sector banks in Türkiye according to the Banks Association of Türkiye. The Group’s 
relationships with its customers have also typically been long-standing; for example, as of 31 December 2022, the Bank’s 
customers have held deposit accounts with the Bank for an average of 7.7 years. 
The Bank’s management believes that the relatively large size of the Group’s existing customer base compared to its 
private sector banking competitors provides an important competitive advantage in the highly competitive Turkish banking 
market given the relatively high cost of attracting new customers as compared to maintaining existing customers and focusing 
on cross-selling to these existing customers. Accordingly, the Group seeks to ensure that it has in-depth knowledge of its 
customers and the ability to maximise the value of its existing customer relationships. 
In terms of its retail customer base, the Group uses several key models that it can deploy across its large retail customer 
base to continue to improve its customer knowledge and relationships. By analysing large quantities of information from a 
variety of sources and combining artificial intelligence-powered technology with predictive algorithms, the Group converts this 
knowledge into actionable insights. The Group measures customer value with “lifetime value” models and loyalty with 
“customer-churn” models. The Group also uses other machine-learning algorithms, such as its “next product to buy” models, 
to enhance its ability to cross-sell products and services and “deposit pricing” models to optimise its deposit costs. Moreover, 
the Bank’s large deposit base provides it with a comparatively low-cost and relatively stable funding source for its lending 
activities. 
In terms of corporate and commercial banking, the Bank segments its customers, supporting better understanding of 
customers, sustainable customer relationships and targeted services through a network of specialised corporate branches (10 as 
of 31 December 2022), one specialised branch for multinationals operating in Türkiye and specialised commercial branches 
(42 as of 31 December 2022). 
Overall, the Bank’s management believes that the Group’s extensive and broad customer base with long-standing 
relationships provide it with an important competitive advantage in maintaining and growing its business. 
Diversified Loan Portfolio 
By focusing on building a diversified portfolio of loans by types of loans, industry sector and borrower concentration, 
the Group has historically generated strong returns. The Bank increased its loan portfolio from 31 December 2012 to 
31 December 2022 at a CAGR of 21.7%. In the Bank’s management’s opinion, the Group’s strong credit and risk management 
know-how have supported the healthy growth and diversification of its loan portfolio. 
The Bank’s loan portfolio is diversified in terms of loan type. As of 31 December 2022, 55.1% of the Bank’s total loan 
portfolio was comprised of loans to corporate (as defined by the Corporate Definition) customers, with 21.7%, 7.7% and 15.6% 
comprised of loans to SMEs (as defined by the BRSA SME Definition), retail credit cards and consumer loans, respectively. 
The Bank’s consumer loans are further broken down into general purpose consumer loans (including overdraft accounts), 
housing loans and auto loans, comprising 72.0%, 24.6% and 3.3% of total consumer loans, respectively, as of 31 December 
2022. The Bank’s loan portfolio is also diversified among sectors, with the largest share (in energy) representing no more than 
14.10% of the Bank’s loan portfolio as of 31 December 2022. In addition, the Bank has sought to limit exposure to any single 
borrower and no exposure to a single borrower was greater than 1.93% of its loan portfolio as of such date. The share of the 
Bank’s receivables from the top 100 cash loan customers in the overall cash loan portfolio was 36.48% as of 31 December 
2022. Moreover, as of 31 December 2022, 55.7% of the Bank’s loan portfolio had a term of less than six months until the next 
repricing.  
Prudent Risk Management 
Complementing the Bank’s diversified loan portfolio, the Bank’s management believes it has instilled a prudent and 
effective risk management culture at all levels of the Group, beginning with careful customer selection to support a quality asset 
base. The Bank monitors credit quality on an ongoing basis. As the global financial crisis impacted Türkiye and the Group’s 
customers, the Group introduced new risk management tools starting from 2008 such as “application scoring models” for retail 
and SME portfolios and “behavioural scoring models” for corporate, SME and retail portfolios. The Bank also introduced new 
risk management tools such as applying credit limits to certain industry sectors that have been highly affected by global turmoil, 
researching potential customers’ relationships and credit histories with other banks and becoming more selective in extending 
new credit lines. The Bank recently renewed its rating models with the aim of having an integrated structure, increasing the 
models’ predictive power and adhering to the best market practices in terms of model framework. The Bank, which grew its

--- Page 121 ---
102 
loan portfolio by 53.9% during 2022, realised NPL ratios of 5.6%, 4.1% and 3.0% as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, 
respectively, as compared to the Turkish banking sector’s NPL ratios of 4.1%, 3.1% and 2.1%, respectively (source: BRSA). 
The Bank’s management believes that the Group’s focus on enhanced internal controls and risk management systems, 
as well as its ability to maintain a diverse loan portfolio, will enable the Group to maintain the high quality of its loan portfolio 
in the future as the Group seeks to continue to grow its business. 
Strong Focus on Employee Training and Development; Highly-Skilled Workforce 
The Bank’s management believes that a key element of the Group’s success has been its emphasis on the quality, 
training and development of its employees. As a result, the Group offers its employees opportunities to improve their skills 
throughout their career, reflecting the Group’s strategy of prioritising the development of the skill set of its employees. The 
group implements practices that equip its employees with the skills of the future such as agile business models, artificial 
intelligence, data analytics and comprehensive training programs. The Bank’s turnover rate (i.e., employee resignations 
excluding retirees) is very low (for example, it had a rate of 1.90% during 2022). The Group’s dedicated and well-trained 
employees form a cornerstone of its focus on superior customer service and long-standing customer relationships and also 
provide the Group with a competitive advantage over its competitors, particularly in a growing market where there is a high 
demand for skilled personnel. Historically, the Group has sought to maximise the opportunity for career development for its 
employees, with all positions typically filled through internal promotions and appointments. 
Maintain High Standards of Corporate Governance and Business Ethics 
The Bank’s management believes that the Group’s internal corporate governance structure reflects the best market 
practices of the Turkish and international banking sectors. The Group established these corporate governance practices to 
improve management’s efficiency and to further protect the interests of the Group’s stakeholders, including its customers and 
shareholders. The Bank prepares a “Corporate Governance Compliance Report” and a “Corporate Governance Information 
Form” each year, which are prepared by the Bank’s board of directors (“Board of Directors”) about the compliance of the 
Bank’s corporate governance practices to the corporate governance principles of the CMB. 
Strong Record of Innovation 
The Bank’s management believes that the Group is an innovator and market leader in the Turkish banking sector, 
having distinguished itself through a number of innovations in Türkiye. Historically, these innovations include initiating the 
practice of providing checking services, launching Türkiye’s first interactive telephone and internet banking service and 
establishing the first mutual funds in Türkiye, including the first mutual fund with a focus on environmental and social 
responsibility. In addition, the Bank was the first bank in Türkiye to establish overseas branches, opening its branches in 
Hamburg, Germany and Alexandria, Egypt in 1932. 
The Bank also introduced electronic banking to Türkiye with its brand name, “Bankamatik” ATMs. These ATMs 
became so popular that ATMs are now generally referred to as “Bankamatiks” even if they are not the Bank’s ATMs. 
Moreover, the Bank was the first bank in Türkiye to start mobile banking by using WAP, followed in 2007 by the 
Bank’s introduction of “İşCep,” which was the first application-based mobile banking service in Türkiye. In November 
2012, the Bank integrated its mobile banking platform with its ATMs, enabling customers to withdraw cash through 
İşCep by scanning a code on an ATM’s screen. As of the date hereof, İşCep supports both iOS and Android operating 
systems. In 2015, the Bank introduced the “Instant Loan,” which provides customers the option to apply for a consumer 
loan of up to TL 100,000 any time or from any place via their Personal Internet Branch or İşCep. Once the application 
is approved, the amount requested is transferred instantly into the customer’s account. In 2015, the Bank also 
introduced the “İşCepMatik,” which is a new generation ATM device designed for its customers, allowing them to 
withdraw and deposit cash through Bluetooth or QR code technologies without the need to carry an ATM card or enter 
a passcode. In 2017, the Bank introduced the “Instant Overdraft Account,” which provides customers the option to 
apply for an overdraft account of up to TL 20,000 any time or from any place via their Personal Internet Branch or 
İşCep. Once the application is approved, the account opens instantly. In addition, the Bank introduced a mobile wallet 
application, Maximum Mobil, as a credit card and digital payment platform in March 2017. Foreseeing shifting 
customer expectations and competition on innovation, the Bank decided to design a new generation daily banking 
experience, creating a new brand (Nays) digital application developed to acquire new customers who are active in the 
digital ecosystem. Nays is a free-to-use finance app that is designed to provide person-to-person transfer, credit and 
payment features with seamless UI/UX design, engaging features and attractive cash benefit mechanisms. Since its 
pilot launch on 21 June 2022, more than 1.5 million users have accessed Nays through 31 January 2023.

--- Page 122 ---
103 
In 2015, the Bank successfully integrated the Invoice Registry Centre System (Merkezi Fatura Kayıt Sistemi) with the 
“Supplier Financing” application, allowing customers to obtain funding by discounting invoices. 
In 2016, the Bank opened its first international innovation center, Maxitech, in San Francisco in order to closely follow 
the startup ecosystem and new technological developments in Silicon Valley. In 2018, a second center, Softtech China, was 
founded to monitor developments in China and Asia, in which digitalisation and transformation are increasing rapidly. 
As a pioneer in Turkish digital banking, the Bank closely follows advancements in artificial intelligence technologies 
that lead to improved methods of engagement with customers, thereby enhancing the customer experience. The Bank launched 
its AI-powered chatbot in the Bank’s website in December 2017. The chatbot (formerly named “Ask Isbank” and now “Maxi”) 
answers frequently asked banking questions and has over 500 questions and answers and was integrated with Facebook 
Messenger in 2019 and with Google Assistant and Whatsapp in 2020. 
The Bank’s artificial intelligence-based virtual assistant “Maxi” was introduced in November 2018 via the Bank’s 
mobile banking app “İşCep.” Maxi allows users to interact either verbally or by typing and performs advanced and unique 
personal finance management queries as well as transactions such as money transfers, credit card debt payments, bill payments 
and the purchase and sale of foreign currencies due to its advanced natural language processing (NLP) technology. Although 
customers are increasingly using digital channels, they still expect human interaction especially in times of need and so, in order 
to offer human support in mobile banking and meet customers’ needs quickly, Maxi’s live chat feature (including video calls) 
was introduced in March 2021. For example, users who are unable to complete a credit card application via Maxi are routed to 
call centre agents to complete the application process. Maxi, which provides 24/7 personalised financial assistance, interacted 
with 8.8 million users and had over 68 million dialogues in 2022. Maxi’s IVR feature is estimated by the Bank to have enabled 
15 customer representatives to focus instead on more value-added cases. 
As banking methods are also evolving for commercial customers, the Bank launched “Maximum İşyerim” in 
September 2018, which platform provides commercial customers with payment systems solutions and seeks otherwise to 
improve the customer experience for commercial customers. This platform allows these customers to observe and manage their 
payment systems from mobile phones and other digital devices, accept payments through their smart phones and share payment 
and other information with their customers through e-mail, short messages, social media and other platforms. 
The Entrepreneurship Unit, reporting to the Digital Banking Division, acts as a gateway between startups and the 
Bank. The result is the Bank’s purchase of products and services from startups, the offer of their products to the Bank’s large 
customer base, the co-development of products with startups and the making of equity investments through the Maxis venture 
capital fund and other investment funds founded by Maxis. The Bank also sponsors “Workup,” which is one of the most 
successful entrepreneurship programs in Türkiye, operating through a primary programme and sub-programmes that focus on 
specific categories of entrepreneurs. 
The Bank established a “Startup Branch” in November 2021 exclusively to serve startups through a variety of products 
and services addressing both their financial and non-financial needs. With its startup-focused staff, the branch also provides 
products and services to venture capital investors, investment funds, angel investors and entrepreneurship platforms. 
Near the end of 2020, the Bank launched its internal corporate entrepreneurship programme (“imagIN”) to develop an 
entreprenurial culture amongst the Bank’s employees and to build technology-oriented startups within the Group originating 
from the entrepreneurship ideas of employees. The programme encourages employees to think creatively and seeks to foster 
the agility and entrepreneurial abilities of both employees and the Group. 
For additional information on the Group’s technological innovations, see “Channel Management” and “Information 
Technology.” 
Strategy 
The Bank’s strategic vision is to become the bank of the future, creating sustainable value with an inclusive and 
participatory approach. The Bank’s strategic goals to maintain that vision are maintaining its commitment to Türkiye and 
maintaining a strong and sustainable financial performance, effective risk management, flawless customer experience, value-
creating technology and innovative leadership, satisfied and productive human resources and ethical and responsible banking 
that is sensitive to people, society and the environment.

--- Page 123 ---
104 
The Bank’s strategy is to manage its balance sheet to ensure sustainable and value-added growth while using its internal 
and external resources in accordance with the priorities of Türkiye’s economy and to prepare the Bank for the future by 
continuously improving its business models in synergy with other Group companies and all its business partners during this 
period of technological transformation. The Bank plans to achieve these objectives by maintaining its market share in the 
primary banking services and leveraging new growth opportunities, continuously improving its asset quality and cost efficiency, 
focusing on sustainable non-interest income generation and optimising its pricing strategy for all financial products and services, 
while operating within a risk-based capital management framework. The key elements of the Group’s strategy to achieve these 
goals are set out below. 
Capitalise on Expected Growth of the Turkish Economy and Banking Sector through Optimising its Distribution Channels and 
Diversifying its Products and Services 
The Group is continuing to focus on leveraging its existing market leadership position and strong national brand by 
optimising its branch network and digital footprint, as well as its product and service offerings, to capitalise on the expected 
growth and development of Türkiye’s economy and resulting growth in demand for banking services. The Bank opened one 
new branch in 2020 (45 domestic branches were consolidated with other branches in 2020), two new domestic branches in 2021 
(33 domestic branches and one branch outside of Türkiye were consolidated with other branches during this year) and five new 
domestic branches in 2022 (69 domestic branches were consolidated with other branches during this year). As of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the Bank plans to open three new domestic branches and one new branch outside of Türkiye and 
consolidate approximately 15 domestic branches in 2023 while maintaining the domestic network coverage as large as possible 
by merging underperforming branches (particularly in larger cities in which it operates a relatively high number of branches in 
close proximity) and minimising any customer dissatisfaction due to the branch consolidation. 
In addition, the Group is continuing to develop new products and services across each of its businesses. In its SME 
business, the Bank created a collaborative ecosystem in which the Bank conducts business with third-party intermediaries and 
subsidiaries of the Bank through digital transformation processes that promote the financial inclusion of SMEs. One of these 
initiatives (DijiKolay) is a suite of digitalisation products designed to help the Bank’s customers digitalise business processes 
and enhance their competitiveness, which was launched in 2021 with more than 20 digital business process solutions. DijiKolay 
was launched to address the expectations and needs of SME and Business segment customers regarding “digitalisation” with a 
holistic approach, bringing together solutions that include the products, services and applications of digital service providers, 
as well as the Bank’s existing digital transformation campaigns and services, in a single location. In 2022, the Bank will work 
towards enriching the products and services included in DijiKolay, making DijiKolay a "live service" that addresses customer 
expectations and thus contributes to the digitalization efforts of the Bank's customers and firms in the sector, managing customer 
experience in a positive manner and acquiring new customers. 
Defend and Selectively Grow Market Share across Key Markets through Superior Customer Service 
In order to maintain and grow its market-leading position, the Bank intends to strengthen customer relationships by 
utilising the Bank’s experienced, dedicated and highly trained employees, extensive distribution network and wide range of 
products and services to improve customer satisfaction by maximising its presence, accessibility and innovation. The Bank 
launched its “Customer-Centric Transformation Program” (“CCT”) in 2006 to target specific improvements in its customer 
service approach and operational efficiency. Since 2011, the Bank has achieved all of its CCT targets, including the introduction 
of advanced customer segmentation and marketing models and centralisation of many branch operations. Furthermore, the Bank 
has initiated several additional employee training programmes (such as sales academy training courses) to further enhance the 
quality of service being delivered to its customers. 
To further support its customer-centric focus, the Bank seeks to maximise customer value by, among other things, 
increasing cross-selling, re-activating inactive customers, building relationships with customers that have the potential to use 
multiple banking services. In particular, the Bank is focusing on selectively growing retail and SME clients, which offer superior 
potential for growth given Türkiye’s developing economy. 
Continuous Digital Transformation 
Technological leadership and transformation is at the core of the Bank’s priorities and initiatives. The Bank aims to 
continuously strengthen its technical infrastructure, position its physical and digital channels to complement each other, improve 
its processes with a customer-oriented perspective, create structures that will benefit from robots, models and automation and 
have an organisational structure suitable for new needs. In this contect, the Bank follows the developments regarding changes 
in customer habits and expectations, the emergence of competitors offering different business models and products in terms of

--- Page 124 ---
105 
customer experience and the products and services that provide a more personalised experience and a better understanding of 
customers. In line with these goals, the Bank is implementing a digitalisation process under its “Digital Transformation 
Programme” to support sustainable profitable growth. 
Reduce its Cost-Base and Increase Efficiency 
The Group plans to continue to focus on operational efficiencies through economies of scale, improving cost controls 
and identifying other cost reduction and efficiency measures. The Group intends to achieve this through several approaches 
such as centralisation of branch operations, target-based sales management, increased operational productivity via technological 
improvements and sales-oriented restructuring of its branch organisation. The Bank plans to use technology and centralised 
operation centres whenever possible to increase efficiency, and has made significant investment in information technologies. 
The Group also intends to focus on improving its operational efficiency by migrating its customers to digital banking 
channels and ATMs, and is constantly increasing the number of products available in such channels and enhancing the 
associated customer experience. As of 31 December 2022, 12.1 million customers were actively using the Bank’s digital 
banking channels and 10.6 million customers used ATMs during 2022. Non-branch channels accounted for 96.16% of the 
Bank’s total banking transactions during 2022. 
Continue to Focus on Recruitment and Retaining Talent 
The quality of the Group’s employees and their commitment to the Group’s performance are key factors in ensuring 
the Group’s future success. The Group seeks to attract the most promising and talented employees and to retain and develop 
them throughout their careers. Targeting the best universities is the starting point for the new graduate recruitment process, 
followed by aptitude tests, personality tests, competency-based interviews, game-based assessments, coding-skills tests (for IT 
recruitments only) and assessment centre applications. The Group also offers programmes and training opportunities intended 
to foster the personal and professional development of its employees, and to support and reward loyalty, responsibility and 
creativity. The Group strives to design and implement a fair and effective hiring, promotion, appraisal and advancement system 
based upon competence and performance. One of the tools designed and implemented within this context is an assessment 
centre, the results of which are used as an additional decision-support system while making promotion decisions for the first 
level management positions. The aim of this assessment is to base this decision on more objective factors and to promote the 
right employees with the desired competencies to managerial positions. Succession planning for the top management and 
programmes designed to meet the specific development needs of high potential managers are the key retention programmes for 
top personnel, as well as the leadership mentoring programme applied within the Group. The Group seeks to adhere to the 
principle of equal opportunity while offering training and development programmes to its employees by designing role-based 
training programmes and digital learning solutions and implementing modern learning methods. 
History and Development 
The Bank was established under the laws of Türkiye in 1924 at the initiative of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk as the first 
national bank of Türkiye and began operating with two branches and 37 staff members. Unlike some of its competitors, the 
Bank is neither a family-run enterprise nor a state bank. In May 1998, 12.3% of the Bank’s total shares previously held by the 
Turkish Treasury were sold to national and international investors in an initial public offering. The Bank is headquartered in 
İstanbul and (with its Group) provides a full range of banking services, including corporate banking, commercial banking, retail 
banking, private banking and capital markets operations. The Bank’s articles of incorporation provide for the following 
activities: 
 
effecting all kinds of banking transactions, 
 
setting up or participating in all types of ventures concerning agriculture, industry, mining, the production and 
distribution of power, public works, transportation, insurance, tourism and exports, 
 
founding companies for the production, manufacture and procurement of all types of goods or supplies, or to participate 
in enterprises engaged therein, and 
 
undertaking and carrying out all types of industrial and commercial transactions in its own name and for its own 
account as well as jointly with domestic and foreign institutions or in the name and for the account of such institutions.

--- Page 125 ---
106 
The Bank was established in Ankara on 26 August 1924 with the Cabinet Decision dated 20 August 1924. On 
29 December 1999, the Bank was registered with the İstanbul Chamber of Commerce under registration number 431112 when 
its registered office was moved to its current location at İş Kuleleri, 34330 Levent, İstanbul. The Bank is a bank under the 
Banking Law and is duly organised and incorporated and validly existing as a joint stock company (anonim şirket) under the 
Turkish Commercial Code (No. 6102). The duration of operation of the Bank as a joint stock company is unlimited. 
Business Activities 
The Bank provides a full range of banking services, including in the following sectors: 
 
corporate banking activities: commercial loans, non-cash loans (including letters of guarantee, guarantees and 
acceptances), foreign trade operations, project finance, merger and acquisition finance, hedging and cash management 
solutions, 
 
commercial banking activities: commercial deposit taking, business credit and debit cards, commercial loans, small 
business loans, flexible business loans, overdraft commercial accounts, point of sales-based loans, commercial housing 
loans, commercial auto loans, tractor and agricultural equipment loans, small business export and investment loans, 
Eximbank loans for women exporters and young exporters, solar power plant loans (roof or land type), energy 
efficiency loans, letters of credit, letters of guarantee, bank payment obligations, point-of-sales agreements, automatic 
payment instructions, tax collection, internet banking, foreign trade operations, sector-specific packages, mobile 
banking, entrepreneurial banking and women entrepreneurial banking activities, cash management, payment system 
facilities and support packages for exporters, 
 
retail banking activities: deposit accounts, credit cards, debit cards, prepaid cards, housing loans, general purpose 
loans, auto loans, overdraft accounts, merchant agreements, payroll accounts, automatic payment instructions, social 
security premium collection, tax collection, tuition fee collection, investment products, insurance products, private 
pension accounts, mobile banking applications and HGS-OGS (Türkiye’s highway toll collection system), 
 
private banking activities: in addition to retail banking products and services, Privia-branded products (including Privia 
Black credit cards, Privia individual pension accounts, Privia consumer loans and a Privia mutual fund), structured 
products and portfolio management services in collaboration with İş Portföy, the Group’s subsidiary engaged in 
portfolio management activities, and 
 
capital market operations activities: investment account system, mutual funds distribution, equity brokerage, fixed 
income brokerage and trading, gold trading, exchange-traded and OTC derivatives brokerage, repo, custody and fund 
services. 
The Bank presents its group structure under three principal business lines: Banking Services, Financial Participations 
and Non-Financial Participations. These business lines are further divided into various sub-business lines based upon business 
activities as indicated in the table below. The business activities presented under Financial Participations and Non-Financial 
Participations in such table are executed by separate legal entities referred to as “participations,” which are entities in which the 
Bank (directly or indirectly) holds shares. For a list of the Group’s shareholdings in these participations, see “The Group and 
its Business – Subsidiaries and other Affiliates – Financial Participations” and “Non-Financial Participations.” While the Bank 
(directly or indirectly) holds a controlling interest in each of these participations and appoints some of their board members, in 
practice the participations operate with a certain level of autonomy on a day-to-day basis. 
The Group reports its business in its BRSA Financial Statements under five segments: Corporate/Commercial 
Banking, Retail/Private Banking, Treasury Transactions/Investment Activities, Insurance and Reinsurance Activities and 
Other/Unallocated. The first of these segments largely corresponds to the first two sectors noted above, with the next three 
segments corresponding to the final three sectors noted above. The Bank’s results make up the large majority of the results for 
these five segments, with the remainder being contributed by separate legal entities within the “Financial Participations” sector. 
For a list of the activities undertaken in its Financial Participations sector, see “Subsidiaries and other Affiliates – Financial 
Participations” below. 
The Bank does not consolidate the results of its non-financial participations (principally its glass business) in its BRSA 
consolidated financial statements on a line-by-line basis and so these results do not appear in the segmental data included 
therein. The Bank’s non-financial participations are not consolidated in the income statement of the consolidated BRSA 
Financial Statements; however, they are shown under the “Investments in Associates” and “Investments in Subsidiaries” line

--- Page 126 ---
107 
items accounted under the equity method in the consolidated BRSA Financial Statements. For a list of the “non-financial 
participations, see “Subsidiaries and other Affiliates – Non-Financial Participations.” 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank’s business units were as follows: 
Banking Services 
Financial Participations 
Non-Financial 
Participations 
Corporate Banking 
Commercial Banking 
Retail Banking 
Private Banking 
Capital Market Operations 
Other Banking Services 
Insurance 
Private Pension 
Reinsurance 
Banking 
Investment Banking 
Real Estate Investment Trust 
Brokerage and Custody 
Leasing and Factoring 
Asset Management 
Venture Capital 
Private Equity Portfolio Management 
Asset Leasing 
Payment Services
Glass 
Others 
Banking Units 
Corporate Banking 
The Bank established its Corporate Banking business unit in 2003 to provide services to large domestic and 
multinational companies. The Corporate Banking business unit provides a full range of corporate banking products and services 
including, but not limited to, commercial loans, non-cash loans (including letters of guarantee, guarantees, and acceptances), 
foreign trade operations, project finance, merger and acquisition finance, risk management products and cash management 
services. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Corporate Banking business unit accounted for TL 386.9 billion (52% of the Group’s 
total loans) and TL 209.1 billion (22.6% of the Group’s total deposits). As of such date, the Corporate Banking business unit 
operated through 11 specialised branches, four corporate branches and one “multinationals’ branch” in İstanbul and one 
corporate branch in each of Kocaeli, Ankara, İzmir, Antalya, Bursa and Gaziantep. By establishing these corporate branches, 
the Bank aims to increase its market share of credit, investment and foreign trade transactions among customers with high 
creditworthiness, to reach new customers and to benefit from cross-selling opportunities. 
With its “Multinationals’ Branch” in İstanbul, the Bank provides services for multinational companies that invest in 
(or are interested in investing in) Türkiye. The Multinationals’ Branch is supported by a dedicated unit at the Bank’s head 
office. The branch and head office unit offer companies consulting services, such as with respect to finance and taxation-related 
laws, as well as information on the day-to-day management of their business in Türkiye. Corporate Banking branches are 
dedicated solely to working with corporate customers assigned by the Bank’s head office in İstanbul. In the Corporate Banking 
branch model, the Bank maintains a clear distinction between “sales” and “operations” functions, enabling relationship 
managers to focus on sales activities while the operations team focuses on expertise and efficiency in operations. 
The Bank (as of the date hereof) classifies customers with annual net sales of at least US$30 million and/or a credit 
limit of at least US$10 million as “corporate customers;” however, it is also possible to evaluate customers on a case-by-case 
basis in determining whether or not the customer should be included as a corporate customer. Depending upon the nature of 
services and products used, a customer may be designated as a commercial client even if it meets the sales and credit limit 
requirements of the corporate segment. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had approximately 8,000 corporate customers. 
The Corporate Banking business unit’s long-term strategy is to enhance its customer franchise and to broaden its 
product portfolio in order to diversify revenue sources and to contribute to the Group’s sustainable and profitable growth. 
Loan Products. A significant portion of the Corporate Banking business involves extending loans to corporate 
customers. The Bank primarily offers the following types of loans to its corporate customers: revolving loans, overdraft loans,

--- Page 127 ---
108 
discount loans, foreign currency-indexed loans, foreign currency-denominated loans, letters of guarantee, spot loans, investment 
and project finance loans and commercial loans with monthly instalment repayments. 
Trade Finance. The Bank’s Corporate Banking unit also offers trade finance products. The Bank provides a variety of 
support services and payment management mechanisms to customers engaging in international trade transactions. The Bank 
offers mainly the following types of trade finance products: export loans, letters of credit, acceptance credit, pre-finance loans, 
confirmation loans, forfeiting and Turkish Exim Bank export loans (pre-shipment). 
Project Finance. A significant portion of the Bank’s corporate loan portfolio relates to its project finance activities. 
The Bank has played a key role in a number of major project finance deals throughout the country, including the financing of 
mergers and acquisitions and privatisations of publicly owned energy, steel and refinery plants and public utilities, port and 
airport concessions, real estate development projects, energy deals and industrial plants in various sectors such as mining and 
metals, cement, food products and electromechanical equipment. The Bank also finances a number of Turkish Treasury and 
municipality-backed infrastructure projects. 
The Bank selectively extends financing for high-volume private sector investments, privatisations and merger and 
acquisition projects, while remaining committed to its risk-sensitive approach. In recent years, the Bank has also acted as 
underwriter on several large syndicated loans. The Bank granted loans related to financing nine projects with an estimated total 
loan value of US$0.6 billion in 2022. 
The Bank provides project finance with full recourse to project assets and limited or full recourse to the project 
sponsor(s). Only selected transactions adhering to international standards that have very limited bankability concerns may be 
financed on a pure non-recourse basis. 
The Bank’s project finance activities also provide the Group with cross-selling opportunities for its derivative products 
and other banking services. These activities provide a significant contribution to the Group’s business volumes. 
Certified Check: Certified Check is a unique and innovative product designed to solve concerns in Türkiye that checks 
might not be cashed due to insufficient funds in the issuer’s account. In this programme, the customer applies for a certified 
check guarantee limit and, if the limit is approved by the Bank, the customer uses this limit for issuing checks. After a certified 
check is issued, the recipient of such check can obtain information about the level of the guarantee of such check via SMS, 
mobile applications and branches and thereby have confidence that the check will be cashed. If the customer’s account balance 
is not sufficient at the time a check is presented for payment, then any shortfall is paid from the Bank’s guarantee limit. 
Risk Management. The Bank provides tailored products that are designed to offset customers’ exposures to interest, 
maturity and currency risks. These products include customised investment vehicles, forward and futures contracts, swaps and 
options. These products take into account a number of factors including the goals, risk tolerance levels and cash flows of the 
customers. 
Cash Management Services. The Bank’s cash management services include the following: 
 
Direct Debiting. The direct debit system is an electronic debt collection system that permits customers to collect 
receivables from third parties and transfers collected amounts to the relevant customer account through the settlement 
service provided by the Bank. Direct debiting also provides payment guarantees for suppliers’ sales to dealers. 
 
Dealership Card. The Dealership Card is an alternative to traditional payment systems, such as checks and promissory 
notes that the Bank provides to its commercial customers. This product provides payment guarantees for suppliers in 
relation to their instalment sales, as well as offering the convenience of a credit card. The Dealership Card differs from 
a regular credit card, however, in that it does not generate financing cost for the Bank. 
 
Other Electronic Systems. The “Electronic Collection of Checks and Notes System” is designed to enhance the 
processing of large numbers of checks and notes delivered to the Bank’s branches for collection or as collateral. The 
“Automatic Money Transfer System” provides for automatic money transfers where transfer information is received 
in electronic format, while the “Electronic Account Statement System” allows companies to access detailed statements 
of their accounts electronically, relieving an administrative burden on the Bank’s branches.

--- Page 128 ---
109 
Commercial Banking 
The Bank has focused on supporting commercial customers, especially SMEs in Türkiye, since it was founded in 1924. 
The Bank provides commercial banking services through its Commercial Banking business unit, which is comprised of 
marketing, sales and product divisions.  
The Bank (as of the date hereof) generally classifies customers with net sales of less than US$30 million and/or a credit 
limit of less than US$10 million as commercial banking clients. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had over 1.5 million 
commercial banking customers. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Commercial Banking business unit accounted for TL 188.3 billion (or 25.3%) of the 
Group’s total loans and TL 192.3 billion (or 20.8%) of the Group’s total deposits. 
The Bank offers an extensive range of products and services to meet the full range of its customers’ financial needs, 
including commercial housing loans, commercial overdrafts, instalment-based commercial loans, commercial auto loans, 
commercial credit and debit cards and specialised packages of banking services and support solutions for SMEs’ information 
needs. In addition, the Bank offers cash management and payment system products to its commercial banking customers. 
The Bank has designed its commercial marketing activities to take into consideration seasonality and sectoral 
differences as well as its customers’ needs and attitudes. While providing SMEs with investment financing and operating 
capital, the Commercial Banking business unit also offers customised loan products for its commercial customers and business 
partners to enhance their position within the market. These loan products vary from commercial auto loans to commercial 
housing loans. The Bank’s market share in commercial auto loans was 22.3% as of 31 December 2022 (including participation 
banks) (source: BRSA). 
In 2008, the Bank introduced a network of commercial branches to offer high quality service to commercial customers 
of a certain size that are also in good standing with the Bank. As of 31 December 2022, 42 of these specialised commercial 
branches were in operation. For further information as to how the Bank’s branches are categorised, see “Channel Management.” 
In order to provide its customers with more differentiated and focused service, the Bank set up an “Agricultural 
Banking Marketing Division” within the Commercial Banking business. In 2022, the Bank supported its agricultural banking 
activities with its Agriculture Specialised Branch in Manisa/Saruhanlı and (as of 31 December 2022) 95 agricultural executives 
working in 78 cities, visiting villages and offering on-site services to producers and farmers to support the national agribusiness. 
The Bank also supports the agricultural sector (including agricultural sustainability) through specially designed credit products 
such as instant-approval agricultural loans, irrigation system loans, tractor and agricultural equipment loans and the “İmece 
Card” credit card. 
The Bank has agreements with various chambers of commerce and industry associations and unions under which it 
offers credit and cash management products to member companies. The Bank has signed protocols with the Small and Medium 
Enterprises Development Organisation (“KOSGEB”) relating to servicing the working capital and export financing needs of 
manufacturers, tradesmen and artisans in Türkiye. The Bank has also signed protocols with the KGF and the Turkish Grain 
Board (Toprak Mahsulleri Ofisi) (“TMO”). The KGF provides guarantees that make it possible to provide loans to SMEs or 
certain other borrowers that lack sufficient collateral (see “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group and its Business – Credit 
Risks – Loan Concentrations”). On the other hand, through its arrangement with the TMO, the Bank extends loans against TMO 
receipts to its depositors who have delivered their products (wheat, barley, corn and rice) to the TMO. 
The Bank also finances women entrepreneurs and women-led SMEs with its own resources and those obtained from 
certain other financial institutions. 
Retail Banking 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had approximately 20.7 million retail banking customers. In order to sustain and 
grow revenues in the competitive Turkish banking environment, the Bank’s focus is on retaining and growing the range of 
products and services utilised by its profitable customers through an emphasis on cross-selling. Aiming to achieve customer-
centricity, the Bank analyses customer data and builds business models based upon the results obtained from various analytical 
models.

--- Page 129 ---
110 
As of 31 December 2022, the Retail Banking business unit accounted for TL 154.8 billion (or 20.8%) of the Group’s 
total loans and TL 434.6 billion (or 46.9%) of the Group’s total deposits. The Group’s retail loans are comprised of three 
different loan categories: consumer loans, overdrafts and credit cards. 
The Bank categorises its retail banking customers into four customer segments based upon behavioral patterns and 
financial needs. The Bank uses a value-based segmentation model to categorise its retail banking customer base as “mass,” 
“upper mass,” “mass affluent” and “affluent.” A client’s assets under management, monthly income and average credit balance 
are among the principal criteria the Bank uses as part of its segmentation model. In addition to this value-based segmentation, 
retail banking customers are also categorised based upon their financial needs and behaviours, life-stage and channel 
preferences so that customer-driven initiatives can be designed accordingly. 
The Bank seeks to build and sustain its competitive advantage in the retail banking business by meeting the needs and 
expectations of its customers. The Bank employs a multi-factor approach to building loyalty and seeking to grow its customer 
base through a wide-ranging branch network, a customer-centric approach, employment of highly qualified personnel, 
providing innovative products and services designed to meet customer needs and providing alternative distribution channels 
enabling various types of transactions. The Bank also analyses customer data through certain analytic models, such as value-
based segmentation, behaviour-based segmentation, customer churn analysis and lifetime value analysis in order to gain insight 
into customer needs and then seeks to provide new products to meet those needs. The Bank also uses an “Artificial Intelligence-
Based Product Sales” model, which utilises machine-learning to detect customer needs. The Bank aims to produce a machine-
learning model that behaviourally analyses and measures customers’ general product needs and to which products these needs 
show tendency, which knowledge will enable the Bank to ensure that the appropriate products for a customer’s needs are 
offered. 
The products and services that the Bank offers to its retail banking customers include auto loans, housing loans, general 
purpose cash loans, deposit and overdraft accounts, checks, investment accounts, payment and collection services, individual 
cash management services, OGS-HGS highway toll payment products, smart cards, credit, debit and prepaid cards, interactive 
banking facilities (including telephone, internet and mobile banking), mobile banking applications, ATM services (with online 
cash deposit features), payroll services, automatic payments, tax and insurance premium collection, fixed income and over-the-
counter (“OTC”) securities and foreign exchange transactions. In addition, the Bank’s branches act as agents for Anadolu 
Anonim Türk Sigorta Şirketi (“Anadolu Sigorta”) and Anadolu Hayat Emeklilik, offering non-life and life insurance services 
through these insurance subsidiaries of the Bank. 
Payroll Services. The Bank’s management believes that the Bank’s large network of branches and ATMs make the 
Bank an attractive choice for large corporations entering into “payroll agreements.” When a company opens its main account 
with one of the Bank’s branches and then enters into a payroll agreement for its employees, the Bank opens an individual 
account and issues a debit and credit card for each employee on that company’s payroll. 
The Bank had payroll agreements with nearly 32,000 employers providing for the direct deposit of paychecks to nearly 
1.5 million employee accounts maintained with the Bank, as of 31 December 2022. The Bank’s management believes that the 
expansion of accounts covered by payroll agreements is of strategic importance as it provides an opportunity for the Bank to 
cross-sell the Group’s other banking and financial services. 
Automatic Payments. The Bank’s management believes that the Bank provides a broader range of services in the area 
of automatic payments and fee collections than its principal competitors, including those related to fees of several universities 
and private schools, taxes and insurance instalments, as well as telephone, water, electricity and natural gas bills. The Bank has 
systematically extended its bill payment services by entering into agreements with institutions nationwide. The number of 
automated bill payment orders through the Bank was over 2.4 million during 2022. The Bank’s payroll services and automated 
bill payments are important sources of demand deposits. 
Overdraft Accounts. An overdraft account has typically been a highly popular retail product among the Bank’s 
customers since it provides comfort and flexibility for short-term financing needs. The Bank offers overdraft accounts to all of 
its retail banking customers. An overdraft account enables the Bank’s customers to pay their bills, make payment transfers and 
withdraw cash even if their account balance is not sufficient. An overdraft account does not have a specific term. It can be used 
permanently if the customer makes regular payments on the account. As of 31 December 2022, the value of funds held in the 
Bank’s retail overdraft accounts was TL 5,840 million. 
Consumer Lending. As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s total consumer loans, which are composed of general purpose 
loans, auto loans and housing loans, amounted to TL 118,761 million. General purpose loans (including overdrafts) amounted

--- Page 130 ---
111 
to TL 85,663 million (72.1%), housing loans amounted to TL 29,146 million (24.5%) and auto loans amounted to TL 3,952 
million (3.3%). 
As of 31 December 2022, according to BRSA data, on a bank-only basis, the Bank’s market share of consumer loans 
was 11.4%, with a market share of 8.8% in housing loans, 9.8% in auto loans and 12.8% in general purpose consumer loans 
(including overdraft accounts). 
Auto loans are generally collateralised by a pledge on the purchased vehicles and/or guaranteed by creditworthy 
individuals or entities. Housing loans are generally collateralised by a mortgage on the purchased property in an amount 50% 
more than the aggregate scheduled instalments. Housing loans generally have a tenor of no longer than 120 months and are 
denominated in Turkish Lira with a fixed interest rate. 
All appraisal procedures for collateral are conducted by independent appraisal firms that have been licensed by the 
BRSA and/or CMB. The Bank’s Construction and Real Estate Department has determined the list of independent appraisal 
firms and the appraisal of collateral must be done by firms that are included in this list. The branch managers have no authority 
to appraise collateral. 
With its extensive branch network and large customer base, the Bank provides a diversified range of housing loan 
products for each segment of customers. Working in cooperation with real estate agencies, the Bank enacts various strategies 
that enable it to acquire new housing loan customers. The Bank has various housing loan products, of which fixed payment 
housing loans have been the most popular product. 
Deposits. Deposits (both from retail and other customers) are the Group’s main source of funding and reached 
TL 952,636 million as of 31 December 2022. Deposits accounted for 55.5% of the Group’s total liabilities as of 31 December 
2022. As of 31 December 2022, Turkish Lira-denominated deposits accounted for 40.0% of the Group’s total deposits, while 
foreign currency-denominated deposits accounted for the remainder. 
The Bank offers its customers a range of deposit products, including Turkish Lira/foreign currency demand deposits, 
Turkish Lira/foreign currency term deposit accounts and “Currency-Protected Accounts.” 
Demand accounts and term deposit accounts are basic deposit products and are used extensively by the Bank’s 
customers. The Bank offers special deposit accounts, such as its “Daily Deposit Account,” through its mobile app İşCep and its 
internet branch. Customers are allowed to withdraw and deposit cash immediately and can earn interest income on their deposits 
at overnight interest rates. The Bank’s “Maksimum Term Account” allows customers personal cash management services while 
enabling them to invest excess funds in an overnight Turkish Lira deposit account that accrues interest at overnight interest 
rates. Another product (the “Flexible Term Account”) offers deposits with a term from 32 to 365 days but allows depositors to 
make a withdrawal as early as seven days after the commencement of the maturity term of the account. 
The Bank also offers longer term deposits such as fixed accounts that provide income through periodic interest 
payments. The terms of these fixed accounts vary between a minimum of one year and a maximum of three years with interest 
payments at one, three, six or 12 month intervals. The interest rate is fixed for the duration of a fixed account. The account 
protects customers against falling interest rates during its lifetime. The Bank offers a special product for supporting saving 
habits that provides that, if holders of such accounts reach their target deposit at the end of a specified term (either six or 12 
months), then they are entitled to an additional interest payment as a reward. In addition, the Bank offers accounts (“First 
Commercial Account” and “Social Media Account”) that provides for the collection of income for those who sell goods via the 
internet or create social media contents. For these product, income tax deductions are made automatically on the incoming 
amounts and are paid to the tax office by the Bank on behalf of the customer. 
The Bank also offers currency-protected accounts “YUVAM” and “FATSI” to enable customers to minimise currency 
risk. These are: (a) an account for domestic customers with U.S. dollar, euro and/or Sterling funds, allowing them to convert 
these currencies into Turkish Lira-denominated time deposits while indexing them to a fixed exchange rate, (b) an account for 
customers with Turkish Lira funds who want to open a Turkish Lira-denominated time deposit account that is indexed to a fixed 
foreign exchange rate and (c) an account for both Turkish customers and foreign nationals who live abroad and have U.S. dollar, 
euro and/or Sterling funds, which account converts such currencies into Turkish Lira-denominated time deposits while indexing 
them to a fixed exchange rate. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank: (a) was the largest private bank in Türkiye in terms of total assets (10.7%) and (b) 
had the largest market shares of total loans (10.7%), foreign currency-denominated loans (12.3%), non-retail loans (10.4), total

--- Page 131 ---
112 
deposits (11.1%), foreign currency-denominated deposits (14.0%), demand deposits (excluding interbank deposits) (15.2%), 
shareholders’ equity (14.5%) and number of branches (11.7%) (source: BRSA data excluding participation banks, each as 
measured on a bank-only basis). The Bank’s management believes that deposits are a strong and stable funding source in large 
part due to the Bank’s large domestic customer base, extensive branch network, sound reputation, advanced information 
technology and efficient retail banking services. 
As of 31 December 2022, the total value of the Group’s deposits reached TL 952,636 million (TL 381,693 million and 
TL 617,679 million as of 31 December 2020 and 2021, respectively), with demand deposits accounting for 45.3% (41.2% and 
47.3% as of 31 December 2020 and 2021, respectively) and time deposits accounting for the remaining amount (for the Bank, 
TL 931,077 million and 45.5%, respectively, as of 31 December 2022, TL 595,628 million and 47.9%, respectively, as of 
31 December 2021 and TL 368,876 million and 41.7%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020). In terms of Turkish Lira-
denominated saving deposit accounts, the Bank’s market share was 10.0% as of 31 December 2022 on a bank-only basis 
according to the BRSA. In terms of Turkish Lira-denominated demand saving deposits (excluding deposits from banks), the 
Bank’s market share was 12.5% as of 31 December 2022, on a bank-only basis according to the BRSA. 
Credit and Debit Card Business. The Bank’s credit and debit card business consists of two main functions, issuing 
credit, debit and prepaid cards to its customers and acquiring the right to receive reimbursement for charges made on credit, 
debit and prepaid cards issued by other banks. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had the third largest market share in terms 
of the volume of debit card transactions among private sector banks in Türkiye and ranked among the top three credit card 
issuers among private sector banks in Türkiye in terms of number of credit cards according to Interbank Card Centre (both on 
a bank-only basis). 
The Bank also offers various card products to its customers, including contactless cards, prepaid cards, digital cards, 
HCE services and credit cards that enable customers to earn miles. The Bank aims to establish a lifetime relationship with its 
cardholders through a number of loyalty programmes and technological innovations. Credit card transactions are carried out in 
a secure manner in line with “Europay, MasterCard, Visa, Troy” technology, which refers to credit cards embedded with chips 
that store and protect the cardholder’s data. As early contact with a customer frequently leads to a lengthy relationship, the Bank 
aims to attract young unbanked customers in order to become their preferred bank, including through its “Maximum Genç” 
initiative to target young adults between the ages of 18 to 25. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had more than: (a) 12.5 million credit cards in issue to its own customers, 
representing approximately 14.2% of the total Turkish credit card market by total issuance volume and approximately 12.6% 
by number of cards outstanding, (b) 14.5 million debit cards, representing approximately 6.0% of the Turkish debit card market 
and (c) 175,476 Bank-owned point-of-sale terminals, representing approximately 8.6% of the total Turkish market, each 
according to the Interbank Card Centre. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank, with a 14.1% market share of the Turkish credit 
card market in terms of the number of purchase transactions on a bank-only basis, managed two different credit card brands, 
“Maximum Card” and “Maximiles,” and was the third largest participant in the market in terms of total transaction volume (not 
including cash withdrawal volume) (source: Interbank Card Centre). 
The Maximum Card and Maximum loyalty programme award customers with instalment advantages and reward 
points, which can be redeemed in various stores. As of 31 December 2022, cardholders were able take advantage of the 
Maximum loyalty programme at over 458,000 member merchant points. Launched in 2009, “Maximiles” targets frequent flyers, 
offering customers the opportunity to earn air miles with every purchase as well as the reward points and instalment advantages 
of a regular Maximum Card. With its credit card segmentation model, the Bank keeps track of its customers’ spending behaviour 
and develops specific programmes for different segments. The Bank also gives customers, in exchange for a specific interest 
rate or commission, the opportunity to defer payment on a retail transaction, pay a retail transaction in installments, defer a 
statement balance, pay a statement balance in installments, pay a cash advance transaction in installments and add extra 
installments to retail transactions, each of which provide the customers with increased financial flexibility. In addition, the Bank 
allows customers to transfer money from one card to another (e.g., use a card to pay down the balance on another card if the 
customer prefers to have the balance on a different card). The Bank offers the “Digital MaxiPara Card” and, for e-sports 
enthusiasts, the “Maximum Gaming Card” as prepaid cards, each of which can be used by digitally depositing money and 
without the need for a physical card. The “Maximum Gaming Card” also allows its users to earn gaming points with every 
e-commerce transaction. In December 2020, the Bank introduced a credit card product for pet owners called “Maximum Pati 
Card,” which allows users to earn extra points for their transactions in petshops and veterinary clinics. In December 2021, the 
Bank introduced a credit card product called “Maximiles Black Card,” which targets customers with high spending potential 
who travel by air frequently in the country and/or abroad for travel or business purposes. Maximiles Black Card offers customers 
the opportunity to earn greater miles with every purchase according to their total assets under management in the Bank and 
benefit from additional privileges exclusive to the Maximiles Black Card.

--- Page 132 ---
113 
The Bank does not view the card business as an isolated product but, rather, as a complement to other products within 
the Bank’s retail and corporate banking product portfolio. When monitoring a relationship with a particular customer, the Bank 
considers the profitability and the lifetime value of the relationship as a whole and not only with respect to the card business. 
The Bank’s management believes that the Bank’s card business is a core component of the Bank’s retail banking business, 
driving the cross-selling of other products such as demand deposits and commercial accounts and enabling the Bank to remain 
competitive in the Turkish banking sector. The Bank’s payment system constitutes its largest source of net fees and commissions 
income, contributing 38.5% of total net fees and commissions income in 2022 (32.0% in 2020 and 37.6% in 2021). 
Private Banking 
The Bank offers financial solutions and investment alternatives to private banking customers based upon a 
“personalised service” approach. To be eligible for the Bank’s private banking services as of the date hereof, customers are 
required to have a minimum of TL 3 million of assets under management held with the Bank. 
As of 31 December 202, the Private Banking business unit accounted for TL 0.7 million (or 0.1%) of the Group’s total 
loans and TL 48.1 billion (or 5.2%) of the Group’s total deposits. 
The Private Banking business unit mainly focuses on activities regarding the diversifying of investment products to 
cater to the individual needs and expectations of private banking customers. The Private Banking business includes financial 
products and services tailored to the specific needs of its customers, including priority one-on-one service, which are 
consolidated under the “Privia” brand. This unit also designs and develops processes for providing high quality and customised 
services in the Bank’s branches and other delivery channels. 
The Bank services private banking customers through dedicated private banking branches (as of the date hereof, 12 
total located in İstanbul, Ankara, İzmir and Antalya), and through private banking divisions set up at branches (as of the date 
hereof, six total located in İstanbul, İzmir, Bursa and Mersin). In order for its dedicated private banking branches to provide 
high-level financial services, the Bank, by means of the agency contract signed with İş Portföy, also provides portfolio 
management services in its private banking branches in collaboration with İş Portföy’s personnel. 
Capital Markets Operations and Other Financial Services 
The Bank (including through its financial subsidiaries) offers a diverse range of products to its retail, private, corporate 
and commercial banking customers with competitive pricing as well as an extensive network of branches, ATMs and kiosks 
and an interactive internet banking facility. In recent years, the Bank has sought to expand its stock, gold, bond, bill and repo 
trading and mutual fund capabilities. 
As of 31 December 2022, the total value of the securities portfolio that the Bank manages for its customers was valued 
at TL 249,519 million (TL 79,090 million and TL 104,900 million, respectively as of 31 December 2020 and 2021). 
Investment Accounts. In 1990, the Bank was the first bank in Türkiye to offer investment accounts for its customers. 
Such accounts allow customers to trade mutual funds listed on the Türkiye Electronic Trading Platform (Türkiye Elektronik 
Fon Alım Satım Platformu (TEFAS)), mutual funds founded by İş Portföy, listed securities, fixed income securities (including 
government securities and corporate bonds) and gold and to enter into “repo” transactions. Customers can access their 
investment accounts through ATMs and the Bank’s interactive banking services. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had more 
than 10.8 million investment accounts. 
Fixed Income. The Bank was one of the leading providers of fixed-income trading services to investors in Türkiye as 
of 31 December 2022 according to data published by the Borsa İstanbul. According to Borsa İstanbul data, as of 31 December 
2022, the Bank held first place in the Borsa İstanbul’s fixed income trading, with a 31.10% market share in intermediary 
transactions in the Borsa İstanbul Debt Securities Market. 
The Turkish Treasury issues bonds both domestically and internationally. Its domestic issuances include zero coupon 
bonds and coupon bonds. Coupon bonds include inflation-linked bonds, fixed coupon bonds, floating rate notes and lease 
certificates. All types of Turkish Treasury issuances can be sold and purchased by the Bank’s customers without any restriction. 
Repo and reverse-repo transactions for various maturities are executed on an electronic platform in the Borsa İstanbul Debt 
Securities Market. OTC reverse repo transactions are also offered to all of the Bank’s customers. The Bank also acts as an 
intermediary institution for corporate bond offerings, which are executed by İş Yatırım Menkul Değerler A.Ş. (“İş Yatırım”), a 
brokerage house of the Group.

--- Page 133 ---
114 
Mutual Funds. The Bank was the fourth largest Turkish bank in the mutual funds distribution as of 31 December 2022 
with a market share of 7.46%, the net asset value of mutual funds distributed totaling TL 50.1 billion (source: Türkiye Electronic 
Fund Trading Platform (in Turkish: Türkiye Elektronik Fon Alım Satım Platformu (TEFAS)) (“Electronic Fund Trading 
Platform”). The Bank distributes numerous mutual funds catering to a wide range of risk and return profiles. As of 31 December 
2022, the Bank had over 593,500 investors in mutual funds. 
Custody. The Bank has been the leading custody provider in Türkiye since the re-activation of the former Borsa 
İstanbul in 1986. The investment account system, which is unique to the Bank, offers custody facilities for a full range of 
securities, including equities, mutual funds, derivatives, gold, bonds and bills as well as repo transactions. 
In addition to domestic custody services, as an SEC-qualified bank, the Bank is also one of the main providers of 
custodial services to non-resident institutional investors. Services offered to non-resident institutional investors include 
settlement, clearing and safekeeping services, SWIFT reporting, prudent cash management, foreign exchange transactions, 
corporate action processing/income collection and the provision of up-to-date market information. 
In January 2008, the CMB authorised the Bank to act as a “Portfolio Custody Institution” for asset management 
companies. Within the scope of this role, the Bank provides settlement, clearing and safekeeping services to the discretionary 
portfolio management accounts of asset management companies. As per the provisions of the Capital Markets Law, the Bank 
has been providing this service in line with its General Custody Service approval granted in July 2015. 
In July 2014, the CMB authorised the Bank to act as a “Portfolio Custodian” for collective investment schemes. As a 
portfolio custodian, the Bank is authorised to provide portfolio depository services to investment funds and investment 
companies, such as safekeeping and/or record keeping of assets owned by collective investment schemes, controlling 
transactions related to assets and cash movements of these and providing other services specified under the Communiqué 
No III-56.1 of the CMB on Portfolio Depositary Services and their Providers. 
Gold Trading. The Bank is an active gold trader on the Borsa İstanbul. The Bank’s management believes that, as of 
30 September 2022, the Bank had the second largest market share among all banks in Türkiye in terms of the total gold balance 
of its deposits. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank held a total of approximately TL 74.5 billion-equivalent deposits in gold. 
The Bank trades gold on the Borsa İstanbul as well as on the international OTC market and settles trades on both a physical 
basis and a cash basis. 
Investment Banking and Capital Markets Operations. The Bank provides capital market services and investment 
banking services through its Capital Markets Division and its subsidiaries İş Yatırım and İş Portföy. TSKB, another subsidiary, 
is also active in Turkish capital markets and investment banking operations. 
International Banking. The Bank’s International Banking division manages the Bank’s correspondent banking 
relationships and its international fund raising activities. 
The Bank is the first Turkish bank that opened overseas branches, having established branches in Alexandria, Egypt 
and Hamburg, Germany in 1932. The Bank’s global expansion strategy is to establish a presence in the markets that have 
significant economic and commercial relations with Türkiye, with a special emphasis on countries close to Türkiye 
geographically, and to provide customers with high quality services in regions in which Turkish companies actively operate. 
As such, the Bank studies the international markets with a special focus on the neighbouring regions and has taken important 
initiatives in recent years. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, in addition to Türkiye, the Bank operates in 11 countries 
through the Bank’s own branches and representative offices and those of three financial subsidiaries, having a total of 33 
branches and four representative offices. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had 14 branches in the TRNC, two branches in 
each of England, Iraq and Kosovo and one branch in Bahrain. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank’s representative offices are 
located in Cairo and Shanghai. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank’s network of correspondent banks is comprised of approximately 1,018 banks in 
119 countries. This worldwide coverage through its correspondent banks, coupled with the Bank’s own extensive network, 
resulted in incoming foreign currency transfers at the Bank of US$119.99 billion and outgoing foreign currency transfers of 
US$113.90 billion during 2022. The Bank is a major participant in international trade finance and handles a sizable portion of 
the trade finance activities in Türkiye. The Bank’s management believes that the Bank is one of the few Turkish banks that are 
active in trade finance, and had a market share in trade finance of around 13.0% according to December 2022 data from 
TurkStat. As part of its international banking activities, the Bank acted as the financial intermediary in connection with

--- Page 134 ---
115 
approximately US$41.5 billion of import and US$38.9 billion of export transactions in 2022. The Bank also has arrangements 
with all major export credit agencies that are active in Türkiye. 
As part of the Bank’s international fund raising activities, the Bank obtains funds through syndicated term loan 
facilities, future flow transactions, eurobonds, multilateral institutions and export credit agencies, as well as bilateral 
transactions. For further information, see “Funding.” 
Own-Account Securities Portfolio 
In addition to securities held for customers, the Group manages its own portfolio of securities. As of 31 December 
2022, the Group’s total securities portfolio was valued at TL 342,657 million. As of such date, the Bank’s securities portfolio 
was comprised of Turkish Lira-denominated floating rate securities (51.9%), Turkish Lira-denominated discount and fixed 
securities (25.0%) and foreign currency-denominated discount and fixed securities (23.1%). Turkish government bonds and 
Turkish government treasury bills constituted 95.2% of the Bank’s total securities portfolio as of such date. Moreover, 61.3% 
of the Bank’s total securities portfolio was classified as “financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income” as 
of such date. 
Subsidiaries and other Affiliates 
Since its establishment in 1924, the Bank has played an important role not only in the Turkish financial sector but also 
in certain industrial sectors in Türkiye. The Bank has pioneered the development of a number of new areas of business through 
investments and equity participations in the industrial and financial services sectors. Since its establishment, the Bank has 
invested in the equity of almost 300 companies and, over time, has divested most of these companies. As of 31 December 2022, 
the Bank’s direct equity interests were in companies operating in finance, glass and other industrial and services sectors, of 
which the shares in 11 companies were classified as available-for-sale securities. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank’s direct 
equity interests were in companies operating in finance, glass and other industrial and services sectors, of which the shares in 
11 companies were classified as available-for-sale securities. As of 31 December 2022, the total book value of the Bank’s equity 
participations (does not include the shares of Şişecam, TSKB, Anadolu Hayat Emeklilik, İş Leasing, İş REIT and İş Yatırım 
Menkul Değerler A.Ş. booked under financial assets held for trading account) was TL 80,956 million. 
Other than the strategic non-financial equity participations described in “Non-financial participations” below, the 
majority of the Bank’s non-financial equity participations are held as medium-term investments. The Bank regularly evaluates 
opportunities to divest its stakes in these non-strategic equity participations under favourable conditions. 
Financial Participations 
The Bank has direct and indirect financial services subsidiaries active in the following sectors: banking, brokerage and 
custody, investment banking, leasing, factoring, insurance, private pension, reinsurance, real estate investment trust asset 
management and venture capital. Financial services subsidiaries enrich the product and service range that the Bank offers to its 
customers through its various business lines and create cross and complementary product delivery and sales opportunities.

--- Page 135 ---
116 
The following table sets forth details of the Bank’s financial participations as of 31 December 2022: 
Group Company
Field of Activity 
Bank’s 
Direct 
Share 
Group’s 
Share 
Assets(1) 
Shareholders’ 
Equity 
Market 
Share 
(TL thousands)
Türkiye Sınai Kalkınma Bankası A.Ş.(2) ...............  
Investment 
Banking
47.68%
51.37%
117,621,660
12,992,456
14.1%(1)
İşbank AG(3).........................................................
Banking
100.00%
100.00%
32,940,800
7,704,729
N/A
JSC İşbank(3) ........................................................
Banking
100.00%
100.00%
4,738,883
1,708,416
N/A
JSC Isbank Georgia .............................................
Banking
100.00%
100.00%
1,880,099
534,329
N/A
Anadolu Anonim Türk Sigorta Şirketi(2) ..............
Non-Life Insurance
-
64.31%
29,414,397
4,756,818
11.6%(4)
Anadolu Hayat Emeklilik A.Ş.(2) ..........................  
Life Insurance & 
Private Pension
62.00%
83.00%
90,659,179
3,466,207
11.4%(4); 
17.5%(6) 
Milli Reasürans T.A.Ş(6).......................................
Reinsurance
87.60%
87.60%
12,400,448
5,055,936
7.5%(8)(9) 
İş Yatırım Menkul Değerler A.Ş.(2) ......................
Brokerage House
65.74%
70.78%
35,809,603
6,797,036
8.3%(13)
Yatırım Finansman Menkul Değerler A.Ş.(2)........
Brokerage House
-
98.42%
3,706,023
346,228
2.9%(13)
İş Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş. ......................................  
Securities 
Investment Trust
-
38.66%
320,451
313,600
31.4%(11)
İş Portföy Yönetimi A.Ş.......................................
Asset Management
-
100.00%
508,178
451,600
10.9%(12)
İş Leasing(2)..........................................................
Leasing
27.79%
58.24%
36,330,079
3,744,045
14.6%(5)
İş Faktoring A.Ş...................................................
Factoring
-
100.00%
16,429,140
1,420,458
12.3%(10)
İş Girişim Sermayesi Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş. ........  
Venture Capital 
Inv.Trust
-
56.78%
1,011,126
1,007,356
N/A
Moka Ödeme ve Elektronik Para Kuruluşu A.Ş...
Payment Services
100.00%
100.00%
468,170
46,570
3.7%(15)
Efes Varlık Yönetim A.Ş. ....................................  
NPL Asset 
Management
-
100.00%
214,053
176,588
N/A
Maxis Investments Ltd.........................................
Brokerage House
-
100.00%
1,064,204
134,633
N/A
Maxis Girişim Sermayesi Portföy Yönetimi A.Ş.  
Venture Capital 
Portfolio 
Management
-
100.00%
29,360
18,949
14.9%(12)
Yatırım Varlık Kiralama ......................................
Asset Lease
-
100.00%
178,642
303
N/A
TSKB Gayrimenkul Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş..........
REIT
-
88.74%
1,817,662
1,809,469
1.5%(14)
Arap Türk Bankası A.Ş........................................
Banking
20.58%
20.58%
10,902,085
1,489,779
N/A
 _____________________  
(1) Total assets (derived from the BRSA’s website). 
(2) Consolidated amounts. 
(3) Figures are provided based upon preliminary financial statements. 
(4) Gross written premiums (derived from data published by The Insurance Association of Türkiye). 
(5) Lease receivables as of 31 December 2022 (source: Association of Financial Institutions (in Turkish: Finansal Kurumlar Birliği). 
(6) Total pension funds, including automatic enrollment system (source: Pension Monitoring Centre). 
(7) Unconsolidated amounts. 
(8) Gross domestic written premiums as of 31 December 2022. 
(9) Milli Reasürans T.A.Ş. is a reinsurance company operating in the Turkish insurance market. 
(10) Factoring receivables as of 31 December 2022 (source: Association of Financial Institutions). 
(11) NAV (derived from the CMB’s website and the Public Disclosure Platform of the Borsa İstanbul). 
(12) Funds under management (derived from the CMB’s website). 
(13) Transaction volume (derived from the Borsa İstanbul’s website). 
(14) Market value (derived from the Public Disclosure Platform of the Borsa İstanbul). 
(15) Transaction volume as of 31 December 2022, derived from the Banks Association of Türkiye’s Risk Centre. 
Insurance. The Group provides its customers non-life and life insurance services through the Bank’s insurance 
subsidiaries, Anadolu Sigorta and Anadolu Hayat Emeklilik. In addition to insurance services, the Group also provides 
reinsurance services through Milli Reasürans T.A.Ş. (“Milli Reasürans”). 
Non-Life Insurance. Established in 1925, Anadolu Sigorta offers a comprehensive range of non-life insurance policies, 
including fire and natural disaster, transport, accident, engineering, agriculture, health and general damage insurance products. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had indirect control over Anadolu Sigorta through its subsidiary Milli Reasürans, which 
has (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) a 57.31% share in the company. Anadolu Sigorta was the second largest non-life 
insurance company in Türkiye with an 11.6% market share in terms of gross written premiums in the non-life insurance market 
as of 31 December 2022 (source: The Insurance Association of Türkiye). Anadolu Sigorta had gross written premiums of 
TL 23,756 million for 2022 (TL 8,016 million for 2020 and TL 10,735 million for 2021). 
For 2022, Anadolu Sigorta recorded net profit of TL 1,309 million on a consolidated basis. Anadolu Sigorta’s products 
are distributed through its 2,842 professional agents and through the Bank’s and other contracted banks’ branches. 
Life Insurance and Private Pension. Anadolu Hayat Emeklilik was established in 1990 and offers life insurance and 
private pension policies. As of 31 December 2022, Anadolu Hayat Emeklilik was the third largest life insurance company in

--- Page 136 ---
117 
Türkiye, holding an 11.4% market share in the life insurance market according to data published by The Insurance Association 
of Türkiye, and the second largest private pension fund in Türkiye, holding a 17.46% market share as of the same date, according 
to data provided by the Pension Monitoring Centre. The Bank owned a 62% direct equity interest in the share capital of Anadolu 
Hayat Emeklilik as of 31 December 2022. For 2022, Anadolu Hayat Emeklilik had gross written premiums of TL 3,522 million 
(TL 1,685 million for 2020 and TL 1,970 million for 2021). For 2022, Anadolu Hayat Emeklilik collected TL 5,881 million in 
net pension contributions (TL 2,996 million for 2020 and TL 2,387 million for 2021). For 2022, Anadolu Hayat Emeklilik 
recorded a net profit of TL 1,392 million on a consolidated basis (TL 527 million for 2020 and TL 700 million for 2021). 
Anadolu Hayat Emeklilik insurance and pension products are distributed through its approximately 326 professional agents and 
through the Bank’s and other contracted banks’ branches and direct sales specialists. 
Reinsurance. Milli Reasürans was established in 1929 to manage compulsory reinsurance transactions within Türkiye. 
The company fulfilled approximately 7.5% of the domestic industry’s need for reinsurance coverage in 2022 (source: Milli 
Reasürans and The Insurance Association of Türkiye). Since 1991, Milli Reasürans accepts business on a voluntary basis from 
Turkish insurance companies. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank owned a 87.60% direct interest in the share capital of Milli 
Reasürans. Its Singapore branch, opened in 2007, was set up in line with the Company’s strategy to export its know-how and 
reinsurance experience acquired in the national market to global markets. Milli Reasürans had gross written premiums of 
TL 4,808 million for 2022 (TL 1,820 million for 2020 and TL 2,483 million for 2021). In 2022, the company recorded net profit 
of TL 889 million on an unconsolidated basis (TL 349 million in 2020 and TL 549 million in 2021). In February 2023, 
A.M. Best affirmed Milli Reasürans’ financial strength rating as “C.” 
Investment Banking. TSKB is an equity participation in which the Bank held a 47.68% direct interest and a 51.37% 
group share as of 31 December 2022. TSKB’s ordinary shares have been listed on the Borsa İstanbul (and its predecessor) since 
1986. Founded in 1950, TSKB was the first investment bank of Türkiye. As of 31 December 2022, TSKB is the largest privately 
owned investment and development bank in Türkiye in terms of total assets (source: Banks Association of Türkiye). In 
consolidated figures, TSKB had total assets of TL 117,622 million and total equity of TL 12,992 million as of 31 December 
2022. TSKB is principally involved in providing long-term project financing for the domestic and international investments of 
Turkish companies as well as providing foreign currency and Turkish Lira-denominated loans to the Turkish industry. TSKB 
is also involved in capital market intermediary activities and corporate finance advisory services. TSKB’s investment banking 
activities include intermediation in the sale of bonds, shares and other instruments of Turkish companies by public offer or 
block sale. TSKB provides consultancy services to domestic and foreign corporations, including locating strategic or financial 
partners and advising on company mergers and privatisations. 
Securities Investment Trust. İş Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş. (“İş Yatırım Ortaklığı”) is a securities investment trust that was 
founded in August 1995 and went public on the Borsa İstanbul in 1996. The Bank has an indirect control over İş Yatırım 
Ortaklığı through its subsidiaries. İş Yatırım Ortaklığı invests in capital market instruments (such as equities and fixed income 
securities), gold and other precious metals and had the largest portfolio in the sector with a market share of 31.4% in 2022 
according to data derived from the Public Disclosure Platform of the Borsa İstanbul, and the company had a net asset value of 
TL 318.4 million as of 31 December 2022. İş Yatırım Ortaklığı’s net profit for 2022 was TL 80.2 million (TL 28.0 million for 
2020 and TL 50.8 million for 2021) while, as of 31 December 2022, its assets and equity amounted to TL 320.5 million and 
TL 313.6 million, respectively. 
Asset Management. İş Portföy was founded in October 2000 as a subsidiary of the Bank. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, all of İş Portföy’s shareholders are subsidiaries of the Bank. The company provides discretionary and non-
discretionary asset management services mostly to institutional investors. Backed by experienced asset managers who inherited 
the Bank’s mutual fund management know-how in Türkiye, the company is (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) the third 
largest asset manager in its sector. 
The size of assets managed by İş Portföy reached TL 171 billion as of 31 December 2022. As of such date, İş Portföy 
managed 118 mutual funds from various risk categories and had a market share of assets under management of 10.9% in a 
market size of TL 1.57 trillion according to the CMB. İş Portföy managed (as of such date) 46 pension funds and captured a 
17% market share (of pension assets under management) out of a market size of TL 433 billion according to the CMB. 
İş Portföy’s operating income and net profit figures for 2022 were TL 345.7 million and TL 224.7 million, respectively 
(TL 76.2 million and TL 59.3 million, respectively, for 2020 and TL 168.7 million and TL 97.0 million, respectively, for 2021). 
The company’s assets and equity as of 31 December 2022 amounted to TL 508.1 million and TL 451.6 million, respectively. 
Leasing. İş Leasing was established in 1988 as a joint venture among the Bank, Société Générale and the International 
Finance Corporation. The latter two entities sold their interests in 1995 and, as of 31 December 2022, the Bank held a 27.79% 
direct equity interest and a 58.24% group share in the company, while the remaining shares are traded on the Borsa İstanbul.

--- Page 137 ---
118 
As of 31 December 2022, the consolidated total assets and equity of İş Leasing amounted to TL 36,330 million and TL 3,744 
million, respectively. Net current leasing receivables amounted to TL 17,262 million as of the same date. As of 31 December 
2022, the distribution of leased assets by equipment categories as a percentage of total leased assets in the company’s portfolio 
were as follows: construction machinery (18.99%), real estate (13.90%) and textile machinery (13.78%), with other assets 
comprising the balance. 
Factoring. The Bank had a 100% indirect group share in İş Faktoring A.Ş. (“İş Faktoring”) as of 31 December 2022. 
The company had TL 16,429 million in total assets and TL 1,420 million in equity as of 31 December 2022, while its net 
factoring receivables amounted to TL 15,632 million as of the same date. As of the date hereof, İş Faktoring is fully consolidated 
under İş Leasing. 
Real Estate Investment Trust. İş REIT is a real estate investment trust in which the Bank had a direct equity 
shareholding of 52.06% as of 31 December 2022. According to the Public Disclosure Platform of the Borsa İstanbul, İş REIT 
was the sixth largest real estate investment trust in Türkiye with an asset value of US$933.9 million as of 31 December 2022. 
As of such date, the real estate portfolio of İş REIT (with a value of US$844.5 million) was invested as follows: (a) 58% in the 
office sector, composed of the Bank’s “Tuzla Technology and Operation Centre” and Tower 2 and Tower 3 of the İş Tower 
Complex, where the Bank maintains its headquarters, Maslak Building and Office Lamartine in İstanbul and “Ankara İş Tower” 
in Çankaya, Ankara, (b) 20% in the retail sector, composed of the Kanyon Shopping Mall, Marmara Park Shopping Mall, Kule 
Çarşı and Tuzla Retail (all in İstanbul), the Ege Perla Shopping Mall in İzmir and the Mallmarine Shopping Center in Marmaris, 
Muğla, (c) 19% in real estate development projects (office and commercial units in the İstanbul International Financial Centre 
(İstanbul Uluslararası Finans Merkezi), residential and office units in the Altunizade project and residential units in the Kasaba 
project), (d) 0.4% in inventories of residential units in the Kartal Manzara Adalar and Inistanbul projects (all in İstanbul) and 
residential and office units in the Ege Perla project in İzmir, and (e) the remaining 3% in land in the Tuzla and Levent districts 
in İstanbul. The company also has rental income from its investments in the office and retail sectors. In addition, İş REIT signed 
a promise to buy agreement regarding the purchase of land in Kadıköy (İstanbul) to develop a project comprising a hotel and 
commercial area. 
Venture Capital Investment Trust. İş Girişim Sermayesi Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş. (“İş Girişim”) is a venture capital 
investment trust that was established in 2000 according to CMB rules and (as of 31 December 2022) is one of Türkiye’s largest 
private equity firms according to the CMB. In 2004, a 31% stake of İş Girişim was floated on the Borsa İstanbul. As of 
31 December 2022, the Bank held a group share of 56.78% in the company through its subsidiaries, holding a paid-in capital 
amount of TL 75 million. 
Being one of the most active and the very few local private equity houses, İş Girişim partners with Turkish companies 
to help them not only in Türkiye but also globally to compete in their respective industries by sourcing acquisitions, enhancing 
operational efficiencies, facilitating new market expansions and designing the optimal capital structure to support them during 
the execution of their strategies. 
İş Girişim’s net profit for 2022 was TL 732 million (TL 2.0 million for 2020 and TL 1.2 million for 2021). The 
company’s assets and equity as of 31 December 2022 amounted to TL 1,011 million and TL 1,007 million, respectively. 
Brokerage and Custody. The Bank owned 65.74% of the share capital of İş Yatırım as of 31 December 2022, which 
commenced operations on 18 December 1996 following the implementation of capital market regulations requiring Turkish 
banks to conduct certain capital market activities through separate legal entities. An initial public offering of İş Yatırım’s shares 
was held in May 2007 on the Borsa İstanbul. İş Yatırım was the first investment banking institution with its securities traded 
on the Borsa İstanbul. İş Yatırım’s principal capital market activities are equity-related businesses, investment advisory, 
institutional sales, mergers and acquisitions and asset management. 
İş Yatırım also trades fixed income securities, including government bonds, treasury bills and repurchase contracts, 
for institutional and individual clients other than the Bank. İş Yatırım also provides services in equity brokerage, corporate 
finance transactions (including privatisations, initial public offerings and listings on the Borsa İstanbul, international sales and 
trading of securities) and produces nationwide industry and company-specific research reports. In order to benefit from business 
opportunities in international capital markets, İş Yatırım established a financial subsidiary in London on 8 August 2005 under 
the name of Maxis Investments Ltd. 
As of 31 December 2022, according to data provided by the Borsa İstanbul, İş Yatırım had the following market shares 
in organised exchange transactions: 8.3% in Borsa İstanbul equity transactions, 5.7% in the “Outright Purchases and Sales” 
market of the “Bills & Bonds” market among brokerage houses and 9.5% in the stock futures market of the VIOP. According 
to data provided by the Borsa İstanbul, İş Yatırım was the third largest licensed brokerage firm in Türkiye in terms of equity

--- Page 138 ---
119 
trading volume as of 31 December 2022. İş Yatırım was one of the founding partners of the VIOP, which commenced its 
operations in February 2005, and as of 31 December 2022 it continued to be one of the leading brokerage firms in terms of 
trading volume realised since the foundation of the market according to Borsa İstanbul data. İş Yatırım’s consolidated net sales 
and net profit figures for 2022 were TL 218 billion and TL 4,529 million, respectively, while its consolidated assets and equity 
amounted to TL 35.8 billion and TL 6.8 billion, respectively. In addition, as of 31 December 2022, İş Yatırım was the largest 
licensed brokerage firm in Türkiye in terms of its paid-in capital, which was TL 355 million (source: Union of Turkish 
Brokerage Firms). In September 2022, SAHA Ratings confirmed İş Yatırım’s national long-term rating as “AAA.” 
Banking. Headquartered in Germany, İşbank AG was founded in 1992 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank. 
İşbank AG serves in key trading and financial markets with its European network (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) of 
eight branches in Germany and one branch in The Netherlands. One of İşbank AG’s main priorities is the promotion of close 
commercial and business ties between Europe and Türkiye. As of 31 December 2022, total assets and equity figures for 
İşbank AG were €1,652 million and €386 million, respectively. 
As a way of expanding its banking activities in the region, on 27 April 2011 the Bank purchased 100% of the shares 
of Closed Joint Stock Company Bank Sofia operating in Russia after approval by the BRSA, the Federal Antimonopoly Service 
of Russia and the Russian Central Bank. The name of the bank was changed to Closed Joint Stock Company İşbank in October 
2011 and (due to amendments in the applicable law) to JSC İşbank in September 2015. Headquartered in Moscow, the bank (as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus) has one branch in Moscow and two representative offices in Kazan and St. Petersburg. As 
of 31 December 2022, the bank had 97 employees and its total assets and equity amounted to 18,263 million Russian Rubles 
and 6,584 million Russian Rubles, respectively according to the bank’s financials for 2022. The primary aim of the bank is to 
enhance and develop its corporate and commercial relationships with Turkish companies operating in Russia and with its 
Russian customers; however, as a result of recent military actions in Ukraine, the bank (while continuing its operations in full 
compliance with sanctions and AML/CFT and “know your customer” procedures, including not employing any sanctioned 
persons) is being very selective in engaging in new business lines and/or relationships. 
“JSC Isbank Georgia,” the Bank’s Georgian entity, operates through branches in Batumi and Tbilisi. JSC Isbank 
Georgia’s capital is (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) fully owned by the Bank. The bank’s total assets and equity amounted 
to 420 million Georgian Laris and 119 million Georgian Laris, respectively, according to the bank’s financials for 2022. 
Arap Türk Bankası A.Ş. functions mostly in commercial and corporate banking. The Bank does not have a control 
share in the bank and the Bank’s direct share in the total capital of the bank was 20.58% as of 31 December 2022, which also 
indicates the Group’s share in the bank. As of 31 December 2022, consolidated total assets and equity of the bank amounted to 
TL 12,228,874 million and TL 1,872,216 million, respectively. 
Payment Services. On 5January 2021, the Bank acquired 100% of the shares of Moka Ödeme ve Elektronik Para 
Kuruluşu A.Ş., which is a local digital payment services provider generating mobile and online financial technological 
solutions. As of 31 December 2022, the company had TL 468 million in total assets and TL 47 million in equity. 
Non-Financial Participations 
In addition to its equity participations in the financial sector, the Bank holds equity stakes in companies whose 
businesses (such as glass) are outside of its core operations. In the past, the Bank has entered into a number of diversified equity 
participations as part of the promotion and development of Turkish industry and in areas in which its management believes 
investments provide a competitive rate of return. On rare occasions, the Bank has entered into equity participations with the 
aim of collecting its loans through debt-for-equity swaps. The Bank’s non-financial participations represented 3.0% of its total 
assets as of 31 December 2022 (2.2% as of 31 December 2020 and 2.3% as of 31 December 2021). For 2022, total dividend 
income received from its non-financial participations constituted 1.1% of the Bank’s net income (3.2% in 2020 and 1.9% in 
2021). As of 31 December 2022, the only significant strategic non-financial equity participation of the Bank was Şişecam. 
Investments in the Şişecam Group are strategic in the sense that it has been a long-term investment of the Bank in a company 
with a strong market position in Türkiye and neighbouring areas. The Bank’s non-financial participations are not consolidated 
in the income statement of the consolidated BRSA Financial Statements; however, they are shown under the “Investments in 
Associates” and “Investments in Subsidiaries” line items at their market values for publicly traded non-financial participations 
and at their book values for the other non-financial participations in the consolidated BRSA Financial Statements. 
Glass – Şişecam Group. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank held a 50.93% stake in Şişecam, which was founded in 
1935. With total assets of TL 163,945 million and total equity of TL 95,128 million as of 31 December 2022, the Şişecam 
Group operates mainly in the area of glass manufacturing (including flat glass, glassware and glass packaging) and the 
production of glass fibre, soda ash and chromium chemicals. The Şişecam Group’s production facilities are located in 14

--- Page 139 ---
120 
countries (Türkiye, Egypt, Russia, Georgia, Bulgaria, Bosnia Herzegovina, Italy, Ukraine, Romania, Germany, Hungary, 
Slovakia, India and the United States). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Şişecam’s ranking in terms of glass production 
capacity in certain product categories varied from second to fifth globally and from second to fifth within Europe according to 
company-specific analysis derived from various external sources. 
Others. The following table sets forth certain information, as of 31 December 2022, about the other non-financial 
companies in which the Bank or the Bank’s subsidiaries and other affiliates own(s) 20% or more of the outstanding share 
capital. None of these investments represented more than 0.2% of the Bank’s assets as of such date. 
Company 
Bank’s 
Share 
Shares owned by 
the Bank and the 
Bank’s affiliates 
Sector 
Bayek Tedavi Sağlık Hizm. ve İşl. A.Ş ....................................
-
99.90%
Health Care Services
İş Merkezleri Yönetim ve İşletim A.Ş ......................................
86.33%
100.00%
Facility Management
İş Net Elek. Bilgi Üretim Dağ.Tic.ve İletişim Hizmetleri A.Ş.
100.00%
100.00%
Information Technologies
Softtech Yazılım Tek. Ar-Ge ve Yaz. Paz. Tic. A.Ş.................
-
100.00%
Software
Trakya Yatırım Holding A.Ş.....................................................
100.00%
100.00%
Holding
Kültür Yayınları İş Türk A.Ş. ...................................................
100.00%
100.00%
Publication
Erişim Müşteri Hizmetleri A.Ş. ................................................
-
100.00%
Call Centre
Softtech (Shanghai) Technology Co.Ltd...................................
-
100.00%
Software
MaxiTech Inc............................................................................
-
100.00%
Software
Maxi Digital GmbH..................................................................
-
100.00%
Financial Technologies
Kasaba Gayrimenkul İnş. Taah. ve Tic. A.Ş. ...........................
-
100.00%
Real Estate
GullsEye Lojistik Teknolojileri A.Ş. .......................................
-
100.00%
Logistics Technologies
Livewell Giyilebilir Sağlık Ürün Hizmet ve Teknolojileri San. 
Ve Tic. A.Ş. ..............................................................................
-
100.00%
Health Technologies
Softtech Ventures Teknoloji A.Ş. .............................................
-
100.00%
Venture Building
Topkapı Danışmanlık Elektronik Hizmetler Pazarlama ve 
Ticaret A.Ş................................................................................
-
80.00%
E-Commerce
İş Enerji Yatırımları A.Ş...........................................................
-
100.00%
Energy
Enaş Enerji Yatırımları A.Ş. .....................................................
-
100.00%
Energy
Maksmarket Danışmanlık Elektronik Hizmetler Ticaret A.Ş. ..
-
75.00%
Commodity E-Commerce
In April 2022, the Bank acquired a 12.28% share in the capital of Genel Energy Plc, an energy company with its 
primary operations in Iraq and a listing on the London Stock Exchange. This acquisition was the result of a legal action relating 
to a defaulted loan owed to the Bank (£66,981,092.32 of which was covered by collecting these shares). As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Bank’s share in the company represents 19.06% of its total common shares outstanding. The Bank records 
this interest as “assets held for sale and discontinued operations (net).” 
Channel Management 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank, with its 1,110 domestic branches, had the most extensive branch network of all 
private sector banks in Türkiye and had branches in every city in the country (source: Banks Association of Türkiye). Unlike 
most of its competitors, in addition to the branches in large cities, the Bank also has branches in rural districts.  
Below is a table presenting the number of branches that the Bank had in each region of the country (plus foreign 
branches) as of 31 December 2022: 
Regions 
Branches 
Marmara.............................................................
426
Central Anatolia .................................................
198
Aegean................................................................
168
Mediterranean.....................................................
131
Black Sea............................................................
95
South East Anatolia............................................
57
Eastern Anatolia .................................................
35
Foreign Branches................................................
21
Total ........................................................... 
1,131

--- Page 140 ---
121 
The Bank opened one new branch in 2020 (45 domestic branches were consolidated with other branches during this 
year), two new domestic branches in 2021 (33 domestic branches and one branch outside of Türkiye were consolidated with 
other branches during this year) and five new domestic branches in 2022 (69 domestic branches were consolidated with other 
branches during this year). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank plans to open three new domestic branches and one 
new branch outside of Türkiye and consolidate approximately 15 domestic branches in 2023 while maintaining the domestic 
network coverage as large as possible by merging underperforming branches (particularly in larger cities in which it operates a 
relatively high number of branches in close proximity) and minimising any customer dissatisfaction due to the branch 
consolidation. Given the size of the Group’s existing network of branches, the Group’s current strategy regarding its branch 
network is to optimise its existing branch network by merging underperforming branches or changing branch locations. 
As well as developing its internet, telephone and mobile banking services in recent years, the Bank has maintained a 
strong focus on expanding its branch network. Customer relationships are usually initiated and maintained at the branch level, 
while technical and marketing support or expertise needed to enhance customer relations is provided by the head office. 
The Bank’s domestic branches are arranged in the following categories depending upon the structure of their target 
markets and target customer segments and the variety of services provided: 
 
Corporate Branches – 11 specialised corporate branches and one specialised branch for multinationals operating in 
Türkiye as of 31 December 2022. These branches provide specialised services to companies that meet the corporate 
qualification and size criteria determined by the Bank’s head office. 
 
Commercial Branches – 42 branches as of 31 December 2022. These branches provide specialised services to 
companies within the commercial segment that meet the commercial qualification and size criteria determined by the 
Bank’s head office. 
 
Private Banking Branches – 12 branches as of 31 December 2022. These branches provide tailored services to 
customers falling within the high net worth segment according to criteria determined by the Bank’s head office as well 
as customers identified as being potential high net worth customers. 
 
Mixed Branches – 1,040 branches as of 31 December 2022. These are non-specialised branches whose services are 
not solely geared towards a specific segment of customers. 
 
Mobile Branches – five branches as of 31 December 2022. These are non-specialised branches that serve in places 
where the Bank needs to provide services to a large group of people (e.g., school campuses and factories). 
Branch openings are closely co-ordinated with ATM installation and electronic banking expansion. 
In addition to its nationwide branch network, the Bank places great importance on its digital channels, including 
internet banking, mobile banking (“İşCep”), ATMs (Bankamatik) and telephone banking. 
The Bank had 6,161 domestic ATMs as of 31 December 2022. Based upon data provided by the Interbank Card Centre, 
as of 31 December 2022, the Bank maintained the largest ATM network in Türkiye among private commercial banks, with a 
market share of 11.8%. Since 1 October 2009, debit card users have been able to withdraw money from their bank accounts via 
ATMs from all banks nationwide. Transactions via different banks’ ATMs are subject to a fee determined by the cardholder’s 
bank. The Bank’s management believes that in having the largest ATM network and nationwide coverage, the Bank has been 
one of the banks that benefits the most from this universal access. 
As of 31 December 2022, over 611,000 point-of-sale terminals were either owned by the Bank or included the Bank’s 
software.

--- Page 141 ---
122 
Below is a table presenting the Bank’s percentage allocation of distribution channels (by transaction numbers) for the 
indicated periods: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Branches .................................................. 
4.3%
4.4%
3.84%
Non-branch ............................................. 
95.7%
95.6%
96.16%
ATMs ..................................................
9.3%
8.9%
7.48%
Internet and Mobile.............................
83.3%
83.8%
85.83%
Telephone and Call Centre..................
3.1%
2.8%
2.85%
The Bank was the first to offer non-branch banking in Türkiye when its first “Bankamatik” ATMs were introduced in 
1982. The Bank was the first bank in Türkiye to introduce telephone banking based upon an IVR system (1996), offer internet 
banking (1997) and provide value-added channel transactions such as remote stock exchange transactions. The Bank was also 
the first in Türkiye to offer a mobile phone banking service (İşCep) compatible with a wide range of mobile platforms. The 
number of customers using the Bank’s mobile applications reached approximately 11.9 million in 2022. 
All of the Bank’s retail banking services and a substantial portion of the Bank’s corporate banking services are fully 
computerised. All of the Bank’s points of service, including branches and alternative distribution channels (including ATMs, 
point-of-sale terminals and call centres) are linked to the Bank’s main data centre (i.e., Atlas), which is located in İstanbul. This 
data centre gives the Bank the ability to centrally monitor and analyse services, while allowing most transactions to be executed 
on a real-time, online basis. The Bank has established a strong presence in the mobile banking market with the İşCep mobile 
application brand. As of 31 December 2022, customers could perform more than 400 transactions through the internet branch 
and more than 600 transactions through the “İşCep” mobile banking service. 
Information Technology 
The Bank’s technology operations and initiatives are managed by two divisions: information technology and data 
management. These divisions employed 764 personnel, including approximately 400 professionals dedicated to installing, 
maintaining and operating the Bank’s software applications and management information security and running the Atlas Data 
Centre and branch IT infrastructure, as of 31 December 2022. In addition, two subsidiaries (Softtech and İşnet) provide 
application development and maintenance project management and systems operations/infrastructure services, respectively. 
The Bank uses best practices such as COBIT and ITSM, which are the most widely accepted development, service 
delivery, service support and IT governance standards. Most critical operational data and software are stored on mainframe 
computer systems. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, approximately 11,700 Windows/AIX/Linux–based servers are 
installed to host or support collaboration, e-mail, database, reporting services, applications servers, general ledger, payment 
systems, core banking, call centre, customer relationship management (“CRM”), internet banking web hosting of the Bank’s 
websites and interactive voice response applications (“IVR”). The IT department of the Group improved the IT resiliency by 
migrating the applications to the fault-tolerant, Tier IV-certified Atlas data centre, which is designed and operated logically 
active/active. The data centre also uses virtualised servers, which reduce maintenance, power, space and other costs. WAN 
infrastructure is totally renewed and VOIP has become widespread. 
The Bank’s main data centre, Atlas, is located in Tuzla, İstanbul. The data centre is the main IT operation centre and 
connection point for the internet and the Bank’s branches. The Bank also maintains other operations centres in İstanbul, which 
are used for certain business operations and a call centre. 
As part of the Bank’s data centre strategy, a replica of a hall in Atlas (in İstanbul) was created in Ankara during 2020, 
with all of the Group’s data being synchronised to this data centre in order to create redundancy in case of any unavailability of 
the Atlas site, whether due to natural disaster or otherwise. This backup centre is intended to be used as the technology backbone 
for the Bank’s services in branches and via its electronic banking systems. 
IBM mainframe computers are commonly used for most of the core business areas. J2EE and .NET-based application 
servers have been chosen as the strategic growth platform for new emerging lines of business and business process management 
applications based upon a service-oriented architecture (SOA) backbone. In recent years, many end-user applications have been 
improved and modernised in both user interface and back office services by taking advantage of this new SOA backbone. The 
end-user application functionalities are enriched and empowered by data warehouse, CRM systems and business intelligence 
integrations. The Bank has recently been working on the use of big data analytics for its business services. The Bank has 
established a strong presence in the mobile banking market with the İşCep mobile application brand. As of the date of this Base

--- Page 142 ---
123 
Prospectus, İşCep is used by more than nine million customers, which community continues to increase, supporting the Bank’s 
digitalisation drive. The Bank achieved IFRS 9 compliance and modernised its regulatory risk management services, such as 
anti-money laundering, know your customer and credit risk measure calculations. 
In parallel with its strategy of standardisation and simplifying its digital architecture, the Bank initiated a programme 
seeking to modernise its banking software and transition to a lean technology architecture that supports and enhances the 
efficiency of digital banking operations by reducing the complexity of the system. The Bank has also established an automation 
infrastructure that aims to improve the software development life cycle and support an agile approach for the effective and 
efficient management of IT operations. 
Cyber security is one of the areas in which the Bank has recently increased its investments, recognising that this will 
remain one of the most critical risks to be managed. To that end, the Bank has established a Security Intelligence and Defense 
Centre as part of its IT department, which centre has been entrusted with the task of enhancing the Group’s risk management 
system for cyber security. The Bank has also established an Artificial Intelligence Competence Centre within its Data 
Management Unit to support the development of artificial intelligence. 
The Group has invested significantly in technology, including that relating to big data, artificial intelligence, biometry, 
virtual reality, process automation and cyber security, which investments are intended to enhance the Group’s competitive 
position. The Group’s IT infrastructure is frequently updated, including through input from high tech companies with which 
the Group coordinates in Silicon Valley and Shanghai. 
Lending Policies and Procedures 
Credit Approval and Monitoring 
The credit evaluation process in the Bank is designed in accordance with its lending policies, which are, in turn, based 
upon the principles of security, liquidity, profitability and credit risk rating. The credit evaluation process starts at the branch 
level but, in accordance with credit authorisation levels, may end within the branch, with the Retail Loans Underwriting 
division, the Retail Loans Underwriting Unit Regions, the Corporate or Commercial Loans Underwriting divisions, the Credit 
Committee (which is comprised of the Deputy Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Executive Officer and two members of the 
Board of Directors) or the Board of Directors. These units are also supported by the Corporate or Commercial Loans Financial 
Analysis (company analysis) units, Economic Research (sector analysis) and Risk Management (credit risk analysis) divisions. 
For further discussion on the Bank’s risk management policies, see “Risk Management.” 
The following table indicates the credit approval letter that is required as of the date hereof, which is based upon the 
size of the credit: 
 
Authorisation 
Limit 
Board of Directors.....................................................................................................................
> US$30,000,000
Credit Committee ......................................................................................................................
≤ US$30,000,000
Chief Executive Officer.............................................................................................................
≤ US$20,000,000
Deputy Chief Executive ............................................................................................................
≤ US$12,000,000
Corporate, Commercial, Retail Loans Underwriting, Project Finance, Credit Monitoring 
Division Managers ....................................................................................................................
≤ US$8,000,000 
Corporate and Commercial Loans Underwriting, Project Finance, Credit Monitoring 
Division Unit Managers ............................................................................................................
≤ US$4,000,000 
Retail Loans Underwriting Division Unit Managers.................................................................
≤ US$3,000,000
Retail Loans Underwriting Unit Region Managers...................................................................
≤TL 30,000,000
Credit Monitoring Division Unit Region Managers..................................................................
≤TL 30,000,000
Corporate, Commercial and Retail Loans Underwriting, Project Finance, Credit Monitoring 
Division Assistant Managers.....................................................................................................
≤ US$1,000,000 
Retail Loans Underwriting Division Assistant Managers .........................................................
≤ US$500,000
In addition, as of the date hereof, the Bank’s branches have limited authority to extend credit in the range of TL 50,000 
to TL 5 million according to their credit extension capacities.

--- Page 143 ---
124 
Prior to extending credit, each loan application is assessed initially at the branch level. The analysis undertaken takes 
into consideration a number of criteria, including three years of financial statements of potential borrowers, standard credit 
ratios, levels of existing indebtedness, the prior relationship of the proposed borrower to the Bank, past credit history, various 
documentation relating to the operation of a potential borrower’s business, the quality of the proposed security, if any, and 
evidence of income and personal statistics in the case of retail loans. In each case, the loan application form is then forwarded 
to the person(s) or committee with the authority to approve the loan. Loan authorities may revise the terms of the proposed loan 
or may request additional collateral before deciding whether to grant the loan. The decisions of credit offices are facilitated by 
the works of the Corporate or Commercial Loans Financial Analysis (company analysis) units, Economic Research (sector 
analysis) and Risk Management (credit risk analysis) divisions. 
Corporate and commercial customers whose assigned loan limits exceed US$1,000,000 or net sales exceed 
US$8,000,000 are graded by an integrated rating system that incorporates financial ratios and internal and external behavioural 
information in different modules. SME and micro-enterprises are scored with integrated SME and micro scorecards with a 
similar modular system that includes customer characteristics, financial ratios and internal and external behavioural information 
in different modules. Both of the scorecards and the ratings are divided into 12 grades according to the levels of risk potential. 
The scorecards are applied for each credit proposal of the firms in these segments and the output of the scorecard is used as a 
decision support system in the underwriting process. 
For general purpose consumer loans, credit risk analysis is carried out by a decision engine and the results generated 
by such engine are categorised as follows: (a) automatic allocation (when the decision engine automatically allocates the credit 
for the branch to make the final decision), (b) branch allocation (when the customer’s credibility requires specific evaluation of 
the branch), (c) head office allocation (when the credit amount exceeds the relevant branch’s respective general purpose 
consumer loan authorisation limit or when the customer’s credibility requires more specific evaluation) and (d) automatic 
rejection (when the risk evaluation criteria of the customer does not fit the Bank’s risk appetite). 
For residential mortgage loans and auto loans, credit risk analysis is carried out initially at the branch level. Where the 
credit amount exceeds the relevant branch’s respective loan authorisation limit, loan offers are passed to the Head Office 
Consumer Loans Underwriting division for consideration and approval.  
Customers’ credit bureau records, the Bank’s application scorecard results, Central Bank records and payable 
instalment amount (among others) are taken into account when assessing risks in relation to consumer loans, residential 
mortgage loans and auto loans. 
The Bank’s senior management regularly monitors the overall quality of the Bank’s loan portfolio. In order to detect 
deteriorating positions in its corporate, commercial and SME loan portfolio in a more timely and efficient manner, integrated 
rating systems incorporate external behavioural information such as delinquency information from other banks and internal 
behavioural information such as level of exposure against the credit limit with respect to the Bank. All corporate, commercial 
and SME customers are monitored monthly. This is a supportive process for both decision-making on new credit assignments 
to existing customers and taking actions to prevent borrower default. In addition, the Credit Portfolio Monitoring Division 
reviews relevant governmental regulations and internal bank policies and reports to the relevant authorities. The relevant loan 
authority and/or branches are then responsible for monitoring the credit to prevent borrower default. In addition, the Financial 
Analysis Division and branches of the Bank are responsible for preparing financial analyses on a yearly basis using published 
financial statements and reviewing the credit exposure of customers to other financial institutions and customer payment history 
for such purposes based upon information supplied by the Banks Association of Türkiye Risk Centre. 
Concentration Limits 
The Bank has certain internal concentration limitations for its loan portfolio, which limitations are even more stringent 
than the regulations set by the BRSA. The Bank’s internal regulations also differ from the BRSA regulations in certain ways, 
such as, in the Bank’s internal approach, borrowers are separated into different limit categories and exposure to borrowers in 
each category is limited to a certain percentage of the Bank’s own funds.

--- Page 144 ---
125 
The following table shows the BRSA legal limits for each of the major concentrations as of the date hereof: 
 
Turkish legislation 
A borrower’s indebtedness/own funds(1) ...............................................
25%
A group of borrower’s indebtedness/own funds(1).................................
20%
The Bank’s own risk group’s indebtedness/own funds(1)......................
50%
Total of large loans cannot exceed the own funds over(1)(2)...................
800%
 ______________  
(1) Own funds calculated as the total of tier 1 capital and tier 2 capital as required by the BRSA under the relevant capital adequacy and 
equity regulations. 
(2) Large loans are the loans made available to a real or legal person (or risk group) that equals or exceeds 10% of a bank’s own funds. 
Loan Classification and Provisioning Policy 
The Turkish banking regulations require Turkish banks to classify their total loan portfolio and provide certain amount 
of expected credit losses. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment – Expected Credit Losses.” See also the table in “Portfolio 
Supervision and NPLs” below for details of the movements in the Group’s NPL portfolio as of each of the indicated dates. 
Portfolio Supervision and NPLs 
Where a loan becomes impaired due to a delay in its principal or interest repayment of more than 90 days (or, as per 
the decisions of the BRSA dated 17 March, 8 December 2020 and 17 June 2021, 180 days through 30 September 2021, and 
then, as per the BRSA’s decision dated 16 September 2021, continuing to apply thereafter for loans that were overdue for more 
than 91 days but not more than 180 days as of 1 October 2021), the Bank classifies the loan as an NPL and classifies it under 
Group III as set out in the Turkish regulations. Furthermore, restructured loans are transferred to the “Renewed and Restructured 
Loans Account” according to collection performance as defined in the related decree. The “Renewed and Restructured Loans 
Account” as of the end of 2020, 2021 and 2022 totalled TL 82.8 million, TL 780.0 million and TL 773.5 million, respectively. 
The ratio of restructured NPLs to total NPLs as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 was 0.41%, 3.74% and 3.34%, 
respectively. Other loans that are not classified as NPLs may also be restructured. As of 31 December 2022, restructured 
performing loans constituted 5.82% of the Bank’s total performing loan portfolio. 
Due to its high recovery rates, historically the Bank has, in general, given priority to the recovery of NPLs through 
negotiations and initiating legal proceedings as opposed to sales. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank prefers to use 
negotiations to work-out NPLs over legal procedure, as legal procedures are a lengthier and costlier process. Before 2009, the 
Bank managed its NPL portfolio through recovery alone; however, the Bank has periodically sold NPL portfolio when the 
market conditions were attractive. NPLs that are sold are written off at the time of sale. The Bank might write-off the uncollected 
portion of an NPL (subject to the maximum provision amount) at the end of the legal process initiated to collect on such NPL 
(write-offs typically occur when an unrecoverable loss is identified). The following table sets forth details of the movements in 
the Group’s NPL portfolio as of each of the indicated dates. 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL millions)
Balance at the beginning of the period ......................................
21,103
23,145
24,445
Additions(1) ................................................................................
5,923
8,237
17,149
Recoveries(2) ..............................................................................
3,782
4,915
8,761
Portfolio sale..............................................................................
-
1,097
364
Write-off(2).................................................................................
98
925
5,257
Balance at the end of the period.................................................
23,145
24,445
27,212
 ___________________  
(1) Including foreign currency effect and NPL accruals. 
(2) Excluding portfolio sales.

--- Page 145 ---
126 
The following table sets forth details of the Group’s loans under close monitoring that were restructured or 
rescheduled as of the indicated date. 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL millions)
Restructured loan accounts, loans with revised contract terms and refinanced ......
32,007
38,055
52,348
Loan Portfolio Quality 
The following table sets forth details of the Bank’s NPL ratios as of each of the indicated dates. 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Total NPL (TL million)..................................................
20,371
20,831
23,134
Coverage Ratio...............................................................
63.7%
66.2%
74.4%
NPL Ratio.......................................................................
5.6%
4.1%
3.0%
The following table sets forth details of the Bank’s NPL ratios by loan categories as of each of the indicated dates. 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Consumer loans(1)............................................................
1.7%
1.5%
2.2%
Credit card loans .............................................................
3.5%
2.1%
1.3%
Total Loans................................................................  
5.6% 
4.1% 
3.0% 
 _________________  
(1) Including retail overdraft accounts. 
Related Party Transactions 
All related party transactions of the Bank are subject to the same approval procedures as those applicable to its 
customers (see “Lending Policies and Procedures” above). 
The Banking Law places limits on a bank’s exposure to related parties. Under the Banking Law, the total amount of 
loans to be extended by a bank to its risk group must not be more than 20% of its own funds. As of 31 December 2022, the 
Bank’s total net exposure to its risk group totalled TL 24.3 million, an amount corresponding to 12.18% of its own funds. The 
Bank was therefore within the limits of the Banking Law in terms of its exposure to its subsidiaries and other affiliates. 
In addition, the Banking Law limits the total amount of loans to be made available by banks: (a) to all shareholders, 
irrespective of whether they are dominant partners or whether they own qualified shares (excluding those that have a less-than 
1% share in the capital of a bank), and (b) to their risk group, which amount is 50% of a bank’s own funds. With a negligible 
amount of exposure to its shareholders and their risk group as of 31 December 2022, the Bank was well within the limits set by 
the BRSA. 
Employees and Benefits 
The following table sets forth the number of employees as of the indicated dates. 
 
Employees 
31 December 2020...........................
23,518
31 December 2021...........................
22,802
31 December 2022...........................
23,309
The Bank focuses on ensuring that employees have the level of education suitable for operational effectiveness and a 
career at the Bank. As of 31 December 2022, 13.56% of the Bank’s employees had only a secondary school education, 2.27% 
were graduates of two or three years at college, 73.69% were graduates of universities relating to the banking industry, 5.55% 
were graduates of other universities and 4.93% had postgraduate degrees. Historically, the Bank has sought to maximise the

--- Page 146 ---
127 
opportunity for career development for its employees, with all positions filled through internal promotions and assignments as 
possible. 
The Bank’s workforce accounted for 12.36% of all banking industry employees in Türkiye as of 31 December 2022 
according to the Banks Association of Türkiye. The Bank’s personnel turnover rate (i.e., resignations excluding retirees) has 
been very low, amounting to 1.60%, 2.01% and 1.90% in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. As of 31 December 2022, the 
Bank’s employees (excluding security guards) had, on average, approximately 14.74 years of experience in the Bank and an 
average age of 40.12 years. The Bank places a high priority on personnel training and career development. Through its staff 
training department, the Bank operates training programmes focusing on skills appropriate to the operations to be performed. 
Almost all of the Bank’s employees are members of Basisen, a Turkish union for the banking and insurance industries. 
Basisen and the Bank are parties to a collective bargaining agreement, which was signed in January 2022 and is effective until 
31 December 2023. The Bank’s management believes that the Bank has good relations with Basisen, the sole union associated 
with the Bank. 
Turkish employees of the Bank participate in two private pension funds. All employees are members of Türkiye İş 
Bankası A.Ş. Emekli Sandığı Vakfı (the “İşbank Pension Fund”), which was established and operates under Turkish social 
security regulations. In addition, the majority of the Bank’s employees participate in the İşbank Personnel Supplementary 
Pension Fund. The Bank and its employees contribute to both pension funds. On retirement, the İşbank Personnel 
Supplementary Pension Fund makes an additional lump-sum retirement payment. 
In March 2023, the law governing eligibility for payments under Turkiye’s social security scheme was amended to 
reduce the eligibility requirements for certain employees, as a result of which some of such employees of the Group might elect 
to retire earlier. 
The Council of Ministers of Türkiye is authorised to determine the date for pension funds, such as the İşbank Pension 
Fund, to transfer their payment obligations to the contributors of such funds, those who receive salaries or income from these 
funds and their rightful beneficiaries to the Social Security Institution. In line with the law, the Bank has actuarial valuations 
made for the aforementioned pension fund and, as applicable based upon the resulting report, a provision for any actuarial and 
technical deficit is recorded in the Bank’s financial statements. 
Legal Proceedings 
In the ordinary course of business, the Bank is party to certain legal proceedings, whether as plaintiff or defendant, but 
the Bank’s management does not believe that any such legal proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, are likely to have a 
material adverse effect on the business of the Group or on the results of its operations or financial condition. 
Tax Audit 
The Bank made payments to the İşbank Personnel Supplementary Pension Fund, a foundation established according 
to Turkish Commercial Law and Turkish Civil Law in order to fulfil the Bank’s liabilities under the Articles of Foundation of 
the İşbank Personnel Supplementary Pension Fund and relevant laws. In relation to these payments made by the Bank, the tax 
auditors conducted an inspection and claimed that the payments should have been considered as wages and subject to 
withholding tax as the beneficiaries of the payments were the employees of the Bank. 
Based upon initial auditor reports for 2007 and 2008, the Turkish tax authorities claimed in 2012 that the wages paid 
for such liabilities are subject to withholding tax and stamp tax and notified the Bank for the payment of TL 74 million for the 
total amount of tax and penalties. A similar assessment was made in 2013 for TL 152 million relating to 2009, 2010 and 2011. 
The Bank filed lawsuits to cancel these tax assessments and some of the resulting decisions were determined in favour of the 
Bank and some were determined against the Bank. 
The Bank applied to the Constitutional Court and one of the Bank’s applications resulted with a Constitutional Court’s 
decision dated 12 November 2014, which was published in the Official Gazette No. 29274 dated 21 February 2015. This 
decision determined that there was no legal basis for the Bank to pay tax for its contributions to the relevant pension fund and, 
as such, that the corresponding assessments were improper and should be returned to the Bank (with interest).

--- Page 147 ---
128 
An inspection was also made in 2013 relating to similar foundations to which other Group companies make payments, 
and the related tax penalties totalled TL 33 million. These companies also filed lawsuits to cancel these tax assessments and 
some of the resulting decisions determined in favour of these companies and some of them were determined against them. 
While there can be no certainty on the legal process, in line with the Constitutional Court decision described above, 
the Bank’s management anticipates that lawsuits related to the periods 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011 will be determined in 
favour of the Bank and the Group companies. In addition, the lawsuits amounting to TL 61.1 million related to 2012 and 2013 
were determined unfavourably for the Bank and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, are in the process of being appealed by 
the Bank. In one lawsuit relating to the repayment of income tax withholding and stamp tax, the claims for which were paid by 
the Bank in December 2013 with a statement of reservation, a court decision was given in favour of the Bank; however, such 
decision was reversed by the majority of votes of the General Assembly of Tax Courts. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
this decision is in the process of being appealed by the Bank. Within the context of these developments, the Group’s provisions 
amounting to TL 217 million allocated for 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011 have been reversed. The Bank’s management 
might revise the provisions allocated for the periods starting with 2012 considering future developments. As of 31 December 
2022, the Group’s allocated provisions amounted to TL 13.0 million (TL 128.8 million and TL 163.0 million, respectively, as 
of 31 December 2020 and 2021). 
Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-Bribery Policies 
Türkiye is a member country of the FATF and has enacted laws to combat money laundering, terrorist/proliferation 
financing and other financial crimes. Minimum standards and duties include customer identification, record keeping, suspicious 
activity reporting, risk management and monitoring activities, employee training, audit functions and designation of a 
compliance officer. Suspicious transactions must be reported to the Financial Crimes Investigation Board (Mali Suçları 
Araştırma Kurulu) (the “FCIB”), which is the Turkish financial intelligence unit. In Türkiye, all banks and their employees are 
obliged to implement and fulfil certain requirements regarding the treatment of activities that may be referred to as money-
laundering or terrorist/proliferation financing. 
The main provisions of the applicable law include regulation of: (a) client identification, (b) reporting of suspicious 
activity, (c) training, internal audit and control, risk management systems and other measures, (d) periodical reporting, (e) 
information and document disclosure, (f) retention of records and data, (g) data access systems to public records, (h) protection 
of individuals and legal entities and (i) written declaration of beneficial owners by transacting customers, among other 
provisions. Suspicious transactions must be reported to the FCIB. 
It is the policy of the Bank (including its entire domestic and overseas branch network) and each of the Bank’s 
subsidiaries to act in compliance with all applicable laws and international standards on combatting money laundering and 
terrorism/proliferation financing, including to prohibit money laundering and any activities facilitating the money laundering 
process, the financing of terrorism/proliferation or criminal activities; provided that the Bank’s overseas branches and 
subsidiaries must comply with the applicable laws of their host country. 
In October 2014, the OECD’s Working Group on Bribery adopted the Phase 3 Report on Implementing the OECD 
Anti-Bribery Convention. In this report, the OECD Working Group expressed concerns about Türkiye’s low level of anti-
bribery enforcement and recommended that Türkiye improve its efforts to proactively detect, investigate and prosecute 
allegations of foreign bribery. The OECD Working Group also expressed concern regarding certain deficiencies in Türkiye’s 
corporate liability legislation and enforcement against legal persons and made several recommendations to address these 
concerns. In addition, on 21 October 2021, the FATF placed Türkiye on the so-called “grey list” of countries in need of elevated 
supervision of its legal framework for combatting terrorism and money laundering. The FATF cited concerns about inadequate 
supervision of Türkiye’s banking and real estate sectors and dealers in gold and precious stones, including having undertaken 
insufficient prosecutorial efforts against violators (including freezing of assets). Consequently, to reflect Türkiye’s progress, 
the FATF re-rated the country on 30 November 2021 on some recommendations and changed the rating of four 
recommendations from partially compliant to largely compliant. On 10 May 2022, the FATF re-rated the country and changed 
the rating of one recommendation from partially compliant to compliant and two recommendations from partially compliant to 
largely compliant. Changes in Turkish laws and practices might arise from these recommendations, which the Bank will 
monitor. 
For further information, see “Risk Management - Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism 
and Anti-Bribery Policies.”

--- Page 148 ---
129 
Compliance with Sanctions Laws 
It is the policy of the Bank (including its entire domestic and overseas branch network) and each of the Bank’s 
subsidiaries to carry out operations in accordance with all applicable law and international standards. The Group’s policy is to 
comply with certain international sanctions programs, including particularly the sanctions imposed by the United Nations 
Security Council, the United States, the EU, the UK and Türkiye. The Group’s policy is to not provide services to countries and 
activities subject to such sanctions, or to intermediate any banking service, in breach of such sanctions. 
OFAC administers laws that restrict the ability of U.S. persons to invest in, or otherwise engage in business with, 
SDNs, and similar laws have been put in place by other U.S. government agencies (including the State Department), the EU, 
the UK, the United Nations and Türkiye. The Bank maintains policies and procedures designed to ensure that it complies with 
all sanctions laws of the United Nations Security Council, the United States, the EU, the UK and Türkiye. 
Before opening an account for, or entering into any transaction with, a customer, the Bank checks whether such 
customer is listed as a Sanction Target. In addition, the names of all customers and certain incoming and outgoing transactions 
are continuously and automatically screened by a filtering programme against a list of Sanction Targets. All of the Bank’s daily 
transactions are further reviewed for compliance with applicable sanctions laws. Accordingly, the Bank’s policies restrict the 
Bank from engaging in any prohibited business investments and transactions with Sanction Targets, including with respect to 
the proceeds of the Notes. 
In connection with the rapid changes in sanctions relating to the conflict in Ukraine, the Bank has taken enhanced 
measures to monitor these events and seek to ensure compliance with sanctions as they apply to Russia. 
Credit Ratings 
Each of the Bank’s credit ratings (and, where relevant, ratings outlook) from Fitch and Moody’s as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus is set out below. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The date of the Bank’s rating is based upon the 
last applicable report of the applicable rating agency. 
Fitch (26 July 2022) 
Long-term Foreign Currency Issuer Default Rating/Outlook: 
B- / Negative 
Short-term Foreign Currency Issuer Default Rating: 
B 
Long-term Local Currency Issuer Default Rating/Outlook: 
B / Negative 
Short-term Local Currency Issuer Default Rating: 
B 
Viability Rating 
b 
National Long-term Rating/Outlook: 
 
 
 
A+ (tur) / Negative 
Moody’s (16 August 2022) 
Long-term Foreign Currency Deposit Rating/Outlook: 
B3 / Stable 
Short-term Foreign Currency Deposit Rating: 
 
Not Prime 
Long-term Local Currency Deposit Rating/Outlook:  
B3 / Stable 
Short-term Local Currency Deposit Rating:  
 
 
Not Prime 
Fitch is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and, as such, is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the FCA on its website (https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-agencies). As Fitch is 
not registered under the EU CRA Regulation or included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its 
website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation, 
Fitch’s rating of any Tranche is expected to be endorsed (and Fitch’s rating of the Bank is endorsed) by its affiliate Fitch Ratings 
Limited Ireland, which is established in the European Union and included in such list of credit rating agencies published by the 
ESMA. 
Moody’s is established in the UK and is registered under the UK CRA Regulation and, as such, is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the FCA on its website noted in the previous paragraph in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. As Moody’s is not registered under the EU CRA Regulation or included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the ESMA on its website noted in the previous paragraph, Moody’s rating of any Tranche is expected to be endorsed (and 
Moody’s rating of the Bank is endorsed) by its affiliate Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the EU and 
included in such list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA.

--- Page 149 ---
130 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
General 
The Bank’s management believes that assessment and control of risk is critical to the Group’s success. The Bank 
closely identifies, measures, monitors and manages the risks arising from the Group’s operations. The Bank monitors and 
manages the mismatch of maturities, the size and degree of interest rate and exchange rate exposure and its counterparty credit 
quality in order to minimise the effect of these risks on profitability. The Group’s current system of risk control and risk 
management, including the Group’s operational risk framework, operational risk policy, application principles and disaster 
recovery plan, has been in place since 2002. The Bank has the following risk policies in place that are approved by its Board of 
Directors: a capital adequacy policy, an operational risk policy, a credit risk policy, an asset liability management policy, an 
information technology risk policy, consolidated risk policy and a reputational risk policy. The scope of these policies, which 
have been established in line with international practices, includes information regarding the general organisation and scope of 
the risk management function, the methods of measuring risks, the liabilities related to risk management, the methods of 
identifying risk limits and how violations of risk limits are to be monitored. The Group’s system of risk control and risk 
management is reviewed and modified as necessary and is integrated into the Group’s internal systems for planning, 
management and control. 
The Bank continues to maintain and further develop its risk management system, which has been established both to 
meet its internal risk management needs and to comply with its legal and regulatory requirements, including the Basel criteria 
and the BRSA’s regulations. Risk management personnel are also involved in risk, control and compliance analysis processes 
of the Bank’s new products and services. The process comprises not only new but also expanded or modified products and 
services that may have significant effect on the Bank’s risk profile. During this process, the “Internal Systems” group conducts 
risk, control and compliance due diligence and, throughout the process, Risk Management personnel are responsible for 
ensuring that all potential risks that may affect the Bank’s business strategy and risk profile are analysed and conveyed to the 
related parties.  
Internal Systems 
The Bank’s “Internal Systems” group is comprised of the Bank’s Board of Inspectors, the Internal Control division, 
the Risk Management division and the Corporate Compliance division. This system has been structured based upon 
management’s assessment of best market practices in Türkiye and internationally and in accordance with the principles and 
organisational set-up required by Turkish regulations. 
The Bank applies sophisticated risk management methods and techniques available in the international banking arena. 
Risk management is a dynamic process for the Group, evolving alongside developments in international practices and 
regulations. 
The Board of Inspectors and Internal Control, Risk Management and Corporate Compliance divisions report to the 
Board of Directors through the Audit Committee. 
Board of Inspectors 
The Board of Inspectors aims to ensure that the activities of the Bank are fully and efficiently implemented in 
compliance with all applicable laws and corporate regulations. It also serves to secure the accuracy, reliability, completeness 
and timeliness of all financial and management information. 
The scope of the audit process covers all activities and units of the Group and the Bank’s Board of Inspectors audits 
all of the activities and units of the Group based upon a risk-based approach. The branches, head office units, subsidiaries, 
associates and financial participations, information technology and banking processes are periodically audited in accordance 
with the Bank’s audit plan, which is based upon risk-based methodology. Other than these periodic, risk-based audits, the Bank 
also performs special audits upon the request of the Board of Directors or the Audit Committee. 
The audit process includes both the on-site and off-site examination of all material information, accounts, records and 
documents and all other factors that may affect the operations of the Bank. The Board of Inspectors also assesses the adequacy 
and effectiveness of the internal control, risk management and compliance systems.

--- Page 150 ---
131 
Internal Control Division 
The Internal Control division supports and oversees the Bank’s internal control system, which is structured within the 
BRSA’s required framework. The Internal Control Division monitors and reviews the design and execution of the Bank’s 
internal control activities to enable banking activities to be carried out along the objectives, principles and provisions established 
by the Bank’s management and applicable law and in a secure and efficient manner. The Internal Control division conducts 
onsite and/or remote controls on the Bank’s compliance with the relevant laws, assets, limits, approvals and authorisations, IT 
and financial reporting systems. The Internal Control Division also uses advanced data analytics applications centrally to 
monitor continuously the effectiveness of selected automated controls. 
Controls are carried out by the Internal Control Division with a risk-focused approach, covering the activities of the 
Bank’s branches in Türkiye and abroad, head office units, financial reporting and information systems, as well as the internal 
control structures of the subsidiaries of the Bank that are subject to consolidation with the Bank. Controls are also carried out 
on the operations of the Bank that are within the scope of the Bank’s Sustainability Management System, which evaluates the 
sustainability impacts of the Bank’s operations. In addition, in terms of the assessment and management of environmental 
impacts, the Bank seeks to comply with the international ISO 14001 Environmental Management System standards and 
“internal audit” activities (defined in such standards) are regularly carried out by the Bank’s Internal Control Division. The 
results of these activities are regularly analysed and the Internal Control Division monitors and follows up with the responsible 
parties for any needed corrective actions. The Internal Control division also supports the Bank’s employees’ training in order 
to increase the awareness of internal control activities across the organisation. 
Risk Management Division 
The Risk Management Division, which acts through the Risk Committee and forms a functional constituent of the risk 
management function, carries out the work to ensure that the Bank’s compliance with capital adequacy requirements is in 
accordance with the Basel framework and is consistent with international best practices. In addition, the Risk Management 
Division works towards developing and validating risk measurement methodologies and optimising the capital adequacy 
management process. 
The Risk Management Division is made up of the Credit Risk Management unit, Credit Risk Analytics and Control 
unit, Model Risk and Validation unit, Asset Liability Management Risk unit, Operational Risk and Subsidiaries Risk unit and 
ICAAP and Economic Capital unit. The Risk Management Division is responsible for measuring, monitoring, analysing and 
reporting on both financial and non-financial risks. 
Corporate Compliance Division 
The Corporate Compliance division is responsible for: (a) the co-ordination of compliance functions and activities 
implemented in the Bank’s branches and head office divisions and (b) monitoring compliance activities of financial subsidiaries 
of the Bank. The Corporate Compliance division consists of three sub-units, namely the Regulatory Compliance unit, the 
Financial Crimes unit and the Sanctions and International Obligations unit. Together, these units aim to contribute towards the 
internal management of compliance risk, ensuring that the Bank remains in compliance with the relevant legislation, regulations 
and standards. 
The duties and responsibilities of the Compliance Officer as set out in the Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime 
Law (as described in “-Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-Bribery Policies” below) and 
other relevant regulations are fulfilled by the Head of the Bank’s Corporate Compliance division in his capacity as Compliance 
Officer of the Bank. 
Treasury Division 
The Treasury division is responsible for managing and implementing the Bank’s asset and liability positions on a day-
to-day basis with a special emphasis on Turkish Lira and foreign currency liquidity, ensuring the availability of funds for all 
products and services distributed through the Bank’s network. 
The Treasury division’s activities are held in the domestic and international money, currency and capital markets. The 
Treasury division also has the responsibility of determining the fund transfer pricing (“FTP”) of Turkish Lira and foreign 
currency-denominated loans and deposits.

--- Page 151 ---
132 
The Treasury division consists of separate groups concentrating on different activities such as Turkish Lira liquidity 
and securities portfolio management, foreign currency liquidity and securities portfolio management, Turkish Lira/foreign 
currency trading through both international and domestic foreign exchange markets and the pricing of derivative products. 
Apart from these trading floor activities, the Treasury division employs personnel from the Bank’s back office operations. The 
risk exposure arising from changes in market conditions, counterparty risk and liquidity risks are monitored on a daily basis by 
a separate desk within the Treasury division. The Asset and Liability Management desk of the Treasury division is responsible 
for determining FTP, developing business strategies based upon developments in the banking system and reporting results. 
The Treasury division’s activities include, among others, the following: 
(a) managing the Bank’s liquidity position, 
(b) managing the Bank’s investment portfolio, 
(c) daily trading in order to enable the Bank to benefit from any advantageous market opportunities, 
(d) managing the Bank’s net foreign currency position, ensuring that its remains within the limits set by the 
Turkish banking authorities and the risk appetite of the Bank as set by its Board of Directors, 
(e) managing the composition of any long or short foreign currency position, 
(f) utilising derivative instruments, such as currency and interest rates swaps, as well as forward, futures and 
options transactions, for general hedging purposes, 
(g) determining the Bank’s Turkish Lira/foreign currency rates, which are used by its branches in pricing 
Turkish Lira/foreign currency transactions for their clients, 
(h) managing the Bank’s foreign currency cash stocks and providing services to domestic banks enabling the 
transportation of their foreign currency denominated cash from Türkiye to a related country, 
(i) pricing high volume Turkish Lira and foreign currency-denominated deposits of financial institutions and 
charities similar to the money market transactions in terms of pricing besides the determination of FTP for both Turkish 
Lira and foreign currency-denominated loans and deposits, 
(j) pricing structured finance deals and bilateral loans, 
(k) mitigating counterparty risk arising from treasury transactions through ISDA Credit Support Annex 
related collateral management, 
(l) monitoring market risk on the Bank’s trading book via the traders limit system, and 
(m) finalising the operational processes of the Bank’s front office transactions, including the management of 
Turkish Lira and foreign currency money transfers. 
Asset Liability Management 
The main responsibility of the Treasury division is to manage the Bank’s assets and liabilities in accordance with the 
strategies set by the Asset and Liability Committee (“ALCO”). The ALCO is responsible for forming and overseeing the 
implementation of the asset and liability management strategy of the Bank and its objective is to structure the Bank’s balance 
sheet in view of liquidity needs and market risk (both interest rate and exchange rate risks), while ensuring that the Bank has 
adequate capital and is using its capital to maximise net interest income. The ALCO generally meets monthly, or more 
frequently if necessary, to review the Bank’s risk exposure, set the Bank’s policy for risk exposure (arising from its positions 
in respect of loans, investment securities and deposits in terms of market risk, together with risks arising from inflation rates, 
the Bank’s liquidity position, capital adequacy and the macroeconomic environment including domestic and international 
political and economic events), determine the Bank’s strategies for interest rate levels and terms for loan deposits and determine 
maturities and the pricing of loans and deposits. The ALCO also supervises the implementation process relating to these 
decisions.

--- Page 152 ---
133 
The ALCO is chaired by the Bank’s Deputy Chief Executive who is also responsible for the Treasury division. The 
other Deputy Chief Executives who attend ALCO meetings are those in charge of the following functions: corporate and 
commercial banking, corporate and commercial loan underwriting, credit risk management and portfolio monitoring and SME 
loans underwriting, retail and private banking, strategy and corporate performance management, capital markets and 
international banking, subsidiaries, economic research, risk management and financial management. The Head of the Treasury 
division is also a member of the ALCO and is in charge of coordinating and reporting with respect to ALCO meetings. 
The ALCO sets the Bank’s policies for interest rate levels and the terms for loans and deposits and makes decisions 
regarding the maturities and pricing of loans and deposits. Every week, a sub-committee of the ALCO, the Asset and Liability 
Management Unit (“ALMU”), gathers to discuss the latest developments in the financial markets and sets the main framework 
for the following week’s policies and pricing strategies. Decisions made in the ALCO thus constitute the basis for decisions 
made in the ALMU. The ALMU is chaired by the head of the Treasury division. Other members include the heads of the retail 
banking product division, commercial banking product division, consumer loans division, economic research division, financial 
management division, risk management division, strategy and corporate performance division and capital markets division, as 
well as the unit managers of the Treasury division. 
Based upon the decisions made in ALMU and ALCO meetings, the Bank’s Treasury division is responsible for 
managing and implementing the Bank’s asset and liability positions and policies on a day-to-day basis and ensuring the 
availability of funds for all of the Bank’s products and services distributed through its network. The Treasury division measures 
and evaluates on a daily basis the Bank’s risk exposure and unfavourable changes in market conditions and regularly monitors 
the short-term mismatches between assets and liabilities. For further information, see “Treasury Division” above. 
Composition of the Group’s main assets and liabilities 
The Group’s main assets are comprised of cash and banks, loans and securities. As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s 
total assets increased to TL 1,715,432 million from TL 1,124,404 million as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase from 
TL 718,152 million as of 31 December 2020. The following chart sets forth details of the composition of the Group’s main 
assets and liabilities by currency as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(TL)
(Foreign 
Currency)
(TL)
(Foreign 
Currency)
(TL)
(Foreign 
Currency)
Assets
Cash and Banks ..............................
9.1%
90.9%
9.2%
90.8%
12.0 %
88.0 %
Loans ..............................................
55.8%
44.2%
48.2%
51.8%
56.7%
43.3%
Securities Portfolio .........................
70.3%
29.7%
65.5%
34.5%
72.1%
27.9%
Total Assets.........................................
55.6%
44.4%
46.5%
53.5%
58.0% 
42.0% 
Liabilities
Deposits..........................................
34.9%
65.1%
26.8%
73.2%
40.0%
60.0%
Funds Borrowed(1) ..........................
22.1%
77.9%
25.0%
75.0%
23.1%
76.9%
Total Liabilities...................................
44.3%
55.7%
38.9%
61.1%
50.7% 
49.3% 
 ___________________  
(1) Including interbank, repo funds and marketable securities issued (consisting of TL and foreign currency-denominated bills and bonds issued by the 
Bank).

--- Page 153 ---
134 
The following chart sets forth the composition of the Group’s main assets and liabilities by maturity as of 31 December 
2022: 
 
Less than or 
equal to one 
month 
Greater than one 
month and less 
than or equal to 
three months 
Greater than 
three months and 
less than or equal 
to 12 months 
Greater than 
12 months 
Assets
Cash and Banks.............................
237,862,996
2,766,863
210,855
-
Loans(1)(2).......................................
165,215,111
108,340,248
298,108,761
313,486,855
Securities Portfolio ........................  
36,086,886 
18,785,427 
37,128,211 
270,216,715 
Total Assets(2) ......................................  
505,692,635 
130,943,981 
336,102,145 
586,280,046 
Liabilities
Deposits.........................................
803,129,695
102,686,601
42,256,343
4,563,293
Funds Borrowed(3) .........................  
67,970,666 
16,911,441 
69,601,814 
144,641,139 
Total Liabilities(4) ................................  
1,037,604,933 
129,337,683 
115,782,303 
150,684,404 
 ___________________  
Notes: Derivative Financial Assets Held for Trading amounting to TL 19,173 thousand are included in the securities portfolio. 
(1) 
Including factoring receivables. 
(2) 
Excluding unallocated assets. 
(3) 
Including interbank, repo funds and marketable securities issued (consisting of TL and foreign currency- denominated bills and bonds issued by the 
Bank). 
(4) 
Excluding unallocated liabilities. 
As part of its internal asset liability management policy, the Bank seeks to structure its securities and loan portfolios 
such that the borrowing side matches the lending side in terms of total Turkish Lira/foreign currency exposures or fixed 
rate/floating rate exposures in order to minimise risk. The Bank also utilises derivative transactions in order to hedge itself 
against interest rate risk, foreign currency risk and liquidity risk. 
Market Risk 
Market risk is defined as the risk of loss in the trading portfolio of the Bank arising from movements in market prices, 
such as interest rates, equity prices, foreign exchange rates and credit spreads that may affect the Bank’s assets, income or the 
value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management is to monitor and control market risk 
exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return on risk. 
The level of market risk to which the Bank is subject is measured by three separate methods known as the “Standard 
Method,” the “Value at Risk (“VaR”) Method” and the “Expected Shortfall (“ES”) Method.” Both methods are in accordance 
with Turkish regulations as adopted from internationally accepted practices. 
Using the Standard Method, market risk measurements are carried out on a monthly basis. The results of these 
measurements are included in the Bank’s public regulatory reports as well as in internal reports, which are addressed to the 
Bank’s Board of Directors and senior management. 
The VaR and ES methods are used to measure market risk in terms of interest rate risk, exchange rate risk, equity risk 
and volatility risk on a daily basis and is a part of the Bank’s daily internal reporting procedure. Back-testing is carried out to 
determine the reliability of the daily market risk measurements under the VaR method. 
In order to support the VaR model that measures the loss that may occur under ordinary market conditions, scenario 
analyses are developed and performed based upon future predictions and past crises. The potential impact of these scenarios on 
the value of the Bank’s trading book is determined and the results are reported to the Bank’s Board of Directors and senior 
management. 
The ALCO, comprising members of senior management of the Bank, manages market risk by monthly meetings based 
upon reports prepared by the risk management and related executive divisions. For the purpose of hedging market risk, the 
Bank primarily aims to balance the foreign currency position, match the interest and duration structure of its assets and liabilities 
and keep a sufficient level of liquid assets. The limits, which are established for managing market risk within the framework of 
the Bank’s asset and liability management risk policy, are monitored by the Risk Committee and reviewed in accordance with 
current market conditions.

--- Page 154 ---
135 
Interest Rate Risk 
A significant component of the Bank’s asset and liability management risk policy is the management of interest rate 
risk. Interest rate risk is the possibility of loss in relation to the structural position arising from adverse movements in interest 
rates. The Bank is exposed to interest rate risk due to mismatches in the maturity or repricing characteristics of interest-earning 
assets and interest-bearing liabilities. For any given period, the pricing structure is matched when an equal amount of such 
assets or liabilities mature or reprice in that period. A positive mismatch denotes asset sensitivity and normally means that an 
increase in interest rates would have a positive effect on net interest income, while a decrease in interest rates would have a 
negative effect on net interest income. 
The potential effects of interest rate risk on the Bank’s assets and liabilities, market developments, general economic 
environment and expectations are regularly addressed in ALCO meetings where further measures to reduce risk are 
implemented when necessary. 
While interest rate risk in trading book is managed through VaR limits, interest rate risk in the banking book is 
monitored and controlled by the limit established on the ratio of structural interest rate risk to regulatory capital. Structural 
interest rate risk is quantified by calculating the change in the Bank’s economic value of equity under standardised interest rate 
shocks (i.e., plus 2% for foreign currency and 5% for local currency). The interest rate risk limits determined by the Board of 
Directors are monitored by the Risk Committee in accordance with the Bank’s asset and liability management policy. 
Furthermore, scenario analyses that are developed based upon future predictions are conducted for managing interest rate risk. 
The following table sets forth the Group’s “repricing” mismatch, which is the difference between the interest rate 
sensitivity of assets and the interest rate sensitivity of liabilities, as of 31 December 2022: 
 
Less than or 
equal to one 
month 
Greater than 
one month 
and less than 
or equal to 
three months 
Greater than 
three 
months and 
less than or 
equal to 12 
months 
Greater 
than 12 
months 
No Interest 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Cash balances and balances with 
the Central Bank ...........................
7,453,621
194,392,278
201,845,899
Balances with banks......................
20,803,477
2,766,863
210,855
-
15,213,620
38,994,815
Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss(1)..................
6,895,940
8,859,810
4,802,754
9,462,106
23,114,891
53,135,501
Interbank funds sold......................
5,032,776
685,950
476,616
-
-
6,195,342
Securities available for sale loans .
45,203,231
27,170,040
46,089,905
81,530,797
2,131,604
202,125,577
Loans(2) .........................................
236,210,546
102,037,625
293,405,120
279,770,169
940,273
912,363,733
Securities held to maturity ...........
17,770,899
22,876,252
25,522,859
40,786,151
-
106,956,161
Other assets...................................
13,105,004
153,130
287,067
221,470
180,047,870
193,814,541
Total assets....................................
352,475,494
164,549,670
370,795,176
411,770,693
415,840,536
1,715,431,569
Bank deposits................................
4,621,637
2,508,509
2,756,604
228,279
1,192,084
11,307,113
Other deposits ...............................
366,805,419
100,178,746
39,502,856
4,330,557
430,511,241
941,328,819
Interbank funds borrowed.............
44,232,857
5,347,374
1,648,534
11,391
-
51,240,156
Miscellaneous payable..................
13,202,152
164,956
184,831
43,442
136,757,803
150,353,184
Marketable securities issued(3) ......
14,199,907
4,368,607
10,823,154
62,511,637
-
91,903,305
Funds borrowed from other 
financial institutions......................
45,719,157
65,261,065
35,110,948
9,890,429
-
155,981,599
Other liabilities .............................
4,253,060
3,722,352
3,373,765
1,760,044
300,208,172
313,317,393
Total liabilities..............................
493,034,189
181,551,609
93,400,692
78,775,779
868,669,300
1,715,431,569
Asset/liability mismatch................
(140,558,695)
(17,001,939)
277,394,484
332,994,914
(452,828,764)
-
Off-balance sheet mismatch..........
7,997,276
21,622,707
(6,956,126)
(10,009,441)
(7,856,740)
-
Total mismatch .............................
(132,561,419)
4,620,768
270,438,358
315,128,733
(452,828,764)
4,797,676
Cumulative mismatch ...................
(132,561,419)
(127,940,651)
142,497,707
457,626,440
4,797,676
-
 ________________________________  
(1) Includes derivative financial assets. 
(2) Stage 1 and Stage 2 expected credit loss for performing loans are included under “no interest” column. 
(3) Includes tier 2 subordinated bonds, which are classified on the balance sheet as subordinated loans.

--- Page 155 ---
136 
Liquidity risk 
In general, liquidity risk is the risk that an entity will be unable to meet its net funding requirements. Liquidity risk can 
be caused by market disruptions or credit rating downgrades which may cause certain sources of funding to become unavailable. 
Liquidity risk is a substantial risk in Turkish markets, which have historically exhibited significant volatility. 
The Bank’s principal source of funding is deposits. While the average maturity of deposits is shorter than the average 
maturity of assets as a result of market conditions, the Bank’s extensive network of branches and steady core deposit base are 
its most important safeguards for the supply of funds. Medium and long-term funds are acquired from financial institutions 
abroad as well as debt securities issued in local and foreign markets. 
In order to meet the liquidity requirements that may emerge from market fluctuations, considerable attention is paid 
to the need to preserve liquidity and efforts in this respect are supported by projections of Turkish Lira and foreign currency 
cash flows. Based upon cash flow projections, prices are differentiated for different maturities and measures are taken 
accordingly to meet liquidity requirements. Moreover, potential alternative sources of liquidity are determined where required 
for extraordinary circumstances. Liquidity coverage ratios, which are subject to legal reporting requirements, are also used to 
monitor liquidity on an ongoing basis. 
Within the framework of the Bank’s asset and liability management risk policy, internal limits established for liquidity 
risk management are monitored by the Risk Committee and, in the case of extraordinary situations where prompt action is 
required to be taken due to unfavourable market conditions, emergency measures and funding plans related to liquidity risk are 
put into effect. 
The primary objectives of the Bank’s asset and liability management risk policy are to ensure that sufficient liquidity 
is available to meet its commitments to its clients in respect of the repayment of deposits and ATM transactions, to satisfy the 
Bank’s other liquidity needs and to ensure compliance with the capital adequacy and other applicable Central Bank regulations. 
Liquidity risk arises in the general funding of the Bank’s financing and trading activities and in the management of investment 
positions. It includes the risk of increases in funding costs and the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely manner 
at a reasonable price. 
The largest portion of the Group’s funding source is deposits, constituting 53.1%, 54.9% and 55.5% of total liabilities 
as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. The Bank’s management believes that deposits provide a stable funding 
base for the Bank. The Bank seeks to maximise the amount of Turkish Lira-denominated demand deposits in order to reduce 
the average funding cost. In addition, the Bank executes strategies to obtain long-term funds in order to match the maturities 
between its assets and liabilities. 
As of 31 December 2022, demand deposits, of which 25.4% were Turkish Lira-denominated, constituted 45.3% of the 
Group’s total deposits. As of the same date, Turkish Lira-denominated deposits represented 52.1% of the total time deposits 
(which represented the remainder of the Group’s total deposits).

--- Page 156 ---
137 
The following table sets forth the original maturity profile of the Group’s deposits by currencies and tenor (including 
accrued interest that may be payable thereon) as of each of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2020 
Change 
2021 
Change 
2022 
(TL 
millions)
(%)
(TL 
millions)
(%)
No term..........................................................  
157,339 
85.50% 
291,867 
47.91% 
431,703 
Turkish Lira-denominated........................
36,324
36.18%
49,465
121.39%
109,510
Foreign currency-denominated.................
121,015
100.31%
242,402
32.92%
322,193
Up to three months.......................................  
191,051 
41.68% 
270,687 
22.84% 
332,506 
Turkish Lira-denominated........................
91,197
14.47%
104,390
31.51%
137,280
Foreign currency-denominated.................
99,854
66.54%
166,297
17.40%
195,226
Greater than three months and less than 
or equal to 12 months...................................  
18,032 
80.57% 
32,561 
371.32% 
153,465 
Turkish Lira-denominated........................
5,015
93.54%
9,706
1,165.73%
122,852
Foreign currency-denominated.................
13,017
75.58%
22,855
33.94%
30,613
Over 12 months ............................................  
15,271 
47.76% 
22,564 
54.95% 
34,962 
Turkish Lira-denominated........................
796
146.23%
1,960
480.36%
11,375
Foreign currency-denominated.................
14,475
42.34%
20,604
14.48%
23,587
Total deposits................................................  
381,693 
61.83% 
617,679 
54.23% 
952,636 
Turkish Lira-denominated........................
133,332
24.14%
165,521
130.19%
381,017
Foreign currency-denominated.................
248,361
82.06%
452,158
26.42%
571,619
Currency Risk 
The Group is exposed to the effects of fluctuations in the prevailing foreign currency exchange rates on its financial 
position and cash flows. Foreign currency risk indicates the possibility of the potential losses that a bank is subject to due to the 
exchange rate movements in the market. 
The Bank effectively hedges its foreign currency risk and holds foreign currency asset and liability items together with 
derivatives in balance against the foreign currency risk. 
Currency risk is managed by internal currency risk limits, which are established by the Board of Directors as a part of 
the Bank’s internal risk policies. The ALCO and ALMU meet regularly to take necessary decisions for managing exchange rate 
and parity risks within the scope of the Bank’s asset and liability management risk policy. The Bank manages foreign currency 
risk through monthly ALCO meetings and by setting limits on the positions that can be taken by the Bank’s Treasury Division. 
These limits are regularly reviewed by the Board of Directors and are amended from time to time to meet the growing business 
needs of the Bank. 
The general net foreign currency positions of Turkish banks are also regulated by the BRSA and this figure, in absolute 
terms, cannot exceed 5% of the relevant bank’s shareholder equity. 
Both the Standard Method and VaR Method are used in order to measure currency risk. Using the Standard Method, 
currency risk measurements are carried out on a monthly basis and the results are used for calculating the regulatory capital 
requirement of the Bank. Risk measurements within the context of the VaR Method are performed on a daily basis using 
historical and Monte Carlo simulation methods. Furthermore, scenario analyses are conducted to support the VaR calculations. 
The results of these currency risk measurements are reported to senior management and the risks are closely monitored 
by taking into account current market and economic conditions.

--- Page 157 ---
138 
A further 10% weakening of the Turkish Lira against foreign currencies as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 
would have changed profit or loss by the amounts shown in the table below. This analysis assumes that all other variables, in 
particular interest rates, remain constant. 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
US$................................
255,991
416,075
875,154
Euro ...............................
447,405
471,624
969,497
Other currencies .............  
124,530 
239,609 
539,554 
Total ........................  
827,926 
1,127,308 
2,384,205 
Credit Risk 
In general, credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will fail to discharge an obligation and cause 
the other party to incur a financial loss. The Bank places emphasis mainly on the payment ability and cash generating ability of 
the borrower in any given transaction, and also obtains sufficient collateral from borrowers including, wherever possible, cash 
collateral, mortgages or security over other assets. The Bank seeks to manage its credit risk exposure through the diversification 
of its lending activities to avoid undue concentration of risks with individuals or groups of clients in specific locations or 
businesses. Furthermore, the Bank’s lending is subject to the principles and internal limits set by the Board of Directors, which 
observes the relevant Turkish banking regulations. 
The Bank has implemented centralised credit approval processes and loan proposals are evaluated and monitored by 
the relevant authorised divisions (see “The Group and its Business – Lending Policies and Procedures” and “The Group and its 
Business – Collateral” above). 
The day-to-day management of credit risk is devolved to individual business units, such as the Corporate, Commercial 
and SME Loans Underwriting divisions, the Consumer Loans division and the Treasury division, which perform regular 
appraisals of quantitative information relating to counterparty credit. 
Credit risk arising from treasury transactions is monitored on a daily basis. Exposure from over-the-counter derivative 
transactions is subject to daily margin call on counterparty basis under the relevant credit support annex agreements. As of 
31 December 2022, 99% of the total credit risk arising from over-the-counter derivative transactions was collateralised with 
cash. 
Operational Risk 
Operational risk is the risk of loss arising from faults, deficiencies or interruptions in the regular operations of a bank, 
including problems with systems, hardware, technology and communication infrastructures, national disasters, terrorist attacks 
or earthquakes, as well as with respect to errors by the personnel responsibilities for monitoring, controlling, reporting, taking 
action and being diligent and external and internal fraud events. 
Operational risk assessments are conducted by the Bank’s Risk Management Division using both qualitative and 
quantitative techniques. In terms of qualitative techniques, a “risk control self-assessment” is carried out using interviews and 
questionnaires to identify and classify risks and workshops are used to measure and evaluate risks. Following the assessment 
process, risks identified are reported to the Operational Risk Committee, Risk Committee and Board of Directors and 
“Monitoring Action Plans” are prepared accordingly. In terms of quantitative techniques, the Risk Management Division 
employs a range of diagnostic tools, such as key risk indicators, operational risk limits, stress tests and scenario analysis, 
together with loss data analysis and modelling. In the process of assessment, operational risks are prioritised with respect to 
their potential financial, legal, reputational and operational effects on the Bank by using a top-down risk assessment method. 
Risks derived from information technologies are primarily assessed within the scope of the Bank’s operational risk 
management analysis. It is essential that those risks, which could be seen as multipliers of other risks derived from activities of 
the Bank, are measured, closely monitored and controlled within the framework of the Bank’s integrated risk management.

--- Page 158 ---
139 
Subsidiaries’ Risk Management 
The Bank has a group-wide risk policy set by the Bank’s Board of Directors. The Risk Management Division monitors 
both internal and legal risk limits and other risks relating to subsidiaries falling within the scope of the group-wide risk policy. 
In addition to this, the Bank’s subsidiaries also have their own internal, sector-specific risk policies, limits and procedures. The 
Bank’s Risk Committee meets every three months to evaluate the group’s risk level on a consolidated basis. The risk levels of 
subsidiaries are reported to the Board of Directors through the Risk Management Division. 
Reputational Risk 
The Bank has a reputational risk policy set by the Board of Directors. The Risk Management division monitors the 
level of reputational risk, which is measured in line with the reputational risk policy, and reports every three months to the 
Board of Directors. 
Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-Bribery Policies 
Türkiye has been a member country of FATF since 1991 and has enacted a series of laws related to the prevention of 
money laundering and terrorism financing. In Türkiye, all banks and their employees are obliged to implement and fulfil certain 
requirements regarding the treatment of activities that may be referred to as money laundering and terrorism financing. The 
first law relating to anti-money laundering (the “Prevention of Money Laundering” Law No. 4208) came into effect as of 
19 November 1996. The “Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime” Law No. 5549 came into effect as of 18 October 2006. 
The “Regulation on Measures Regarding Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime and Financing of Terrorism” 
was published in the Official Gazette in Türkiye on 9 January 2008 and came into effect as of 1 April 2008. The main provisions 
include the regulation of: (a) obligations, (b) principles regarding client due diligence, (c) procedures of suspicious transaction 
reporting, (d) principles of providing information and documents, (e) inspection of obligations and (f) retaining and submitting. 
In order to regulate principles and procedures regarding establishment of compliance programmes and the assignment 
of compliance officers by obliged parties for the purpose of the prevention of money laundering and terrorism financing, the 
“Regulation on Programme of Compliance with Obligations of Anti-Money Laundering and Combatting the Financing of 
Terrorism” (the “AML Regulation”) was published in the Official Gazette in Türkiye on 16 September 2008 and came into 
effect as of 1 March 2009. The obligations introduced under the AML Regulation include: (a) establishing a compliance 
programme, (b) developing institutional policy and procedures, (c) risk management, (d) monitoring and controlling, (e) 
assigning a “compliance officer” and establishing a compliance unit, (f) training and (g) internal audit. 
In line with the AML Regulation, on 24 September 2008, the Bank’s Corporate Compliance division was established 
and a manager was appointed as the Bank’s Compliance Officer. The Corporate Compliance division reports directly to the 
Board of Directors. 
In an effort to ensure compliance with FATF requirements, Law No. 6415 on the Prevention of the Financing of 
Terrorism was introduced on 16 February 2013, which law introduced an expanded scope to the financing of terrorism offense 
(as defined under Turkish anti-terrorism laws). The law further criminalised terrorist financing and implemented an enhanced 
legal framework for identifying and freezing terrorist assets. On 31 May 2013, the Regulation on Procedures and Principles 
Regarding the Application of the Law on the Prevention of the Financing of Terrorism become effective, which regulation 
provides the procedures and principles for the decision-making, execution and termination of the freezing of assets as well as 
the management and supervision of the frozen assets. In addition, the Council of Ministers’ Decree dated 30 September 2013 
implemented United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1267, 1988 and 1989, which further improved Türkiye’s CFT 
regime. On 27 June 2014, FATF stated that Türkiye has made significant progress to improve its CFT regime and has largely 
addressed its action plan, including by adequately criminalising terrorist financing and establishing procedures to identify, 
freeze and confiscate terrorist assets. 
In October 2014, the FATF Plenary concluded that Türkiye would no longer be subject to the FATF’s monitoring 
process under its ongoing global anti-money laundering/countering the financing of terrorism (“AML/CFT”) compliance 
process. Although the FATF identified outstanding AML/CFT issues in its mutual evaluation report, the FATF Plenary decided 
at its October 2014 Plenary meeting that Türkiye had taken sufficient steps in addressing technical compliance with the core 
and key recommendations set forth in the mutual evaluation to be removed from the follow-up process. In 2018, Türkiye 
completed a national risk assessment and, on 16 December 2019, published a report recognizing the risks Türkiye faces from

--- Page 159 ---
140 
money laundering and terrorist financing, establishing a legal framework to try to achieve effective outcomes in responding to 
these risks and noting that it needs to address these risks quickly. 
On 21 October 2021, the FATF placed Türkiye on the so-called “grey list” of countries in need of elevated supervision 
of its legal framework for combatting terrorism and money laundering. The FATF cited concerns about inadequate supervision 
of Türkiye’s banking and real estate sectors and dealers in gold and precious stones, including having undertaken insufficient 
prosecutorial efforts against violators (including freezing of assets). Türkiye has made changes in its AML and other laws to 
address such deficiencies and the Bank has taken measures to comply with such changes. Türkiye has been in an enhanced 
follow-up process with the FATF following the adoption of its “mutual evaluation” process in 2019. In line with the FATF 
procedures for mutual evaluations, the country has reported back to the FATF on the action it has taken since its mutual 
evaluation. Consequently, to reflect Türkiye’s progress, the FATF re-rated the country on 30 November 2021 on some 
recommendations and changed the rating of four recommendations from partially compliant to largely compliant. On 10 May 
2022, the FATF re-rated the country and changed the rating of one recommendation from partially compliant to compliant and 
two recommendations from partially compliant to largely compliant. 
In October 2014, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “OECD”) Working Group in 
Bribery adopted Phase 3 Report on Implementing the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention. In such report, the OECD made some 
recommendations to Türkiye in order to improve the levels of anti-bribery enforcement in Türkiye. 
The Bank has adopted various policies and procedures aimed at ensuring compliance with anti-bribery laws and 
preventing money laundering and terrorist financing. The Bank has adopted an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, which 
sets out principles for the Bank’s employees and any individual or legal person acting in the name of, or providing services to, 
the Bank to comply with the applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. In line with FATF recommendations, Wolfsberg 
principles and the standards promulgated by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, the Bank applies “know-your-
customer” (KYC) and “know-your customer’s-transaction” (KYCT) procedures, as well as procedures to identify beneficiary 
owners. The Bank’s most recent policy on the prevention of money laundering and terrorism financing was adopted on 2 March 
2009. The Bank’s AML/CFT policies and procedures are based upon, and the Bank believes that such policies and procedures 
are in compliance in all material respects with, applicable provisions of Turkish laws and applicable laws in other jurisdictions. 
All the Bank’s branches and subsidiaries, regardless of their geographic location, must comply with the Bank’s programmes, 
policies and procedures. In line with the recent changes in Turkish law, the Bank implemented a Financial Group Policy for 
Combating Financial Crimes on 29 June 2021, which policy covers the Bank as well as all of its financial subsidiaries in 
Türkiye. 
The Bank’s Board of Inspectors is responsible for the oversight and audit of the Bank’s AML/CFT policies and 
procedures. Transactions and records in the Bank’s branches are reviewed on a regular basis to ensure compliance with the 
Bank’s policies and procedures. Each year, the Bank must provide reports to the FCIB that contain data on the annual transaction 
volume, the total number of employees and branches that were audited, the date and duration of the audits, the number of 
personnel responsible for the audits, the number of transactions that were inspected and the number of suspicious transactions 
that were detected. The Bank also provides training to new and existing employees on its AML/CFT policies and procedures. 
Client Identification 
Under the AML Regulation, banks must verify the identification documents and other information provided by their 
permanent clients. The identification process also extends to walk-in clients where the value of a single transaction or the total 
value of multiple linked transactions is equal to or more than the thresholds specified in the AML Regulation. If there is any 
suspicion regarding the transaction requested by a walk-in client, regardless of the value of the transaction, the identification 
process must be carried out in full by the employee dealing with the transaction. The Bank’s policy is that, as with other obliged 
parties covered by the AML Regulation, all necessary measures should be taken in order to determine whether a transaction is 
being carried out for the benefit of a third party and, if so, to identify that third party. Moreover, all financial institutions are 
required by the AML Regulation to identify the beneficiary owner of an account. It is also compulsory for the banks to identify 
the natural person or legal entity that owns more than 25% of a legal entity. 
The Bank’s internal policies and systems prohibit the opening of anonymous accounts or the provision of services to 
shell banks or individuals who fail to provide sufficient identification. This is automatically controlled by the Bank’s account-
opening system, under which an account will not be allowed to be opened if certain conditions are not met.

--- Page 160 ---
141 
Monitoring Suspicious Transactions 
The Bank uses specialised software designed to detect unusual transactions in terms of money laundering and terrorism 
financing. The Bank’s Anti-Money Laundering Compliance unit then analyses the alerts generated by the software and files 
suspicious transaction reports to the FCIB as necessary. In the Bank, risk assessment of the customers, products and countries 
was updated and this risk assessment was integrated with the software. The profiling process, known as “peer-profiling”, is 
based not only upon the historical transactions of the Bank’s clients but also on demographic information, occupation type for 
real persons and field of activity for legal persons. A separate software programme screens the Bank’s customers and 
transactions according to watch lists of individuals, companies or geographic locations issued by authorities such as OFAC and 
the United Nations. If any party in a transaction falls within any of the watch lists, the system creates an alert, which the Bank 
reviews, and then decides, on a case-by-case basis, whether to accept or refuse the transaction. Branches also report suspicious 
transactions in written form to the Bank’s Compliance Officer. 
Liquidity and Funding 
Deposits are the Group’s main source of funding, with a 55.5% share in total liabilities as of 31 December 2022. As 
of 31 December 2022, according to the consolidated financial statements, 76.1%, and according to the Bank-only financial 
statements, 84.3%, of total funding was from deposits, while the rest was largely from long-term foreign borrowings. 
In terms of foreign currency, the primary funding sources for the Bank include foreign currency deposits, “repo” 
transactions, syndicated term loan facilities, eurobond issuances, future flow transactions and post-finance transactions, 
financings from multilateral institutions and export credit agencies, as well as bilateral transactions. 
In terms of Turkish Lira, other than deposits, the primary funding sources currently available for the Bank are the repo 
and reverse repo market of the Borsa İstanbul, the over-the-counter interbank money market, the interbank money market of 
the Central Bank, collateralised loans and domestic bill and bond issues. 
As a last resort, the Bank also has the ability to borrow funds through the Central Bank. The Bank’s limits for these 
kind of transactions are determined by the Central Bank and generally carry a maturity of up to one month. 
The Bank has been accessing the international markets for syndicated loan facilities since 1986 and is a regular 
borrower in the syndicated loan market. As of 31 December 2022, the balance of the two syndicated term loan facilities obtained 
by the Bank was approximately US$1.32 billion. The Bank has been issuing senior unsecured eurobonds since 2011, including 
benchmark issues and private placements with different maturities, currencies and interest rates. The Bank also has issued tier 2 
eurobonds, with the first such issuance in 2012. 
The Bank has a “diversified payment rights” programme created in 2004. Through this programme, the Bank sold all 
right, title and interest in, to and under U.S. dollar-, euro- or Sterling-denominated payment orders received by the Bank, which 
are sent or delivered by a payor to any office of the Bank and the payment of which is to be made to the Bank outside of Türkiye. 
Since 2004, several tranches have been issued under the programme amounting to over US$6.4 billion. 
In addition to the above, the Bank has entered into various transactions with multilateral and developmental 
institutions, export credit agencies and other lenders, principally for the purposes of project financing and financing of micro- 
and small- to medium- size enterprises, energy efficiency projects or certain imports. 
The following tables reflect the Bank’s sources of funding for the indicated periods: 
 
As of 31 December 
2020 
% Change 
2021 
% Change 
2022 
(TL millions, except percentages)
Deposits ..............................
381,693
61.8%
617,679
54.2%
952,636
Repos & Money Market......
25,985
106.8%
53,738
(4.6)%
51,240
Funds Borrowed(1)...............
141,528
54.4%
218,480
13.5%
247,885
Other ...................................
94,084
47.0%
138,339
83.3%
253,618
Equity ..................................  
74,862 
28.5% 
96,168 
118.4% 
210,053 
Total ...................................  
718,152 
56.6% 
1,124,404 
52.6% 
1,715,432 
 ____________  
(1) Including debt issuances and subordinated loans.

--- Page 161 ---
142 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(% of Total Liabilities)
Deposits .........................................
53.1%
54.9%
55.5%
Repos & Money Market.................
3.6%
4.8%
3.0%
Funds Borrowed(1)..........................
19.7%
19.4%
14.5%
Other ..............................................
13.1%
12.3%
14.8%
Equity .............................................  
10.4% 
8.6% 
12.2% 
Total .........................................  
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
 _____________  
(1) Including debt issuances and subordinated loans. 
Capital Adequacy 
The Bank is required to comply with capital adequacy guidelines promulgated by the BRSA, which are based upon 
the standards established by the BIS. These guidelines require banks to maintain adequate levels of regulatory capital against 
risk-bearing assets and off-balance sheet exposures (commitment and contingencies). 
Pursuant to the Regulation on the Equity of Banks, published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 
1 November 2006 (the “2006 Equity Regulation”), which was replaced by the Equity Regulation, the Bank’s total capital ratio 
was (through the end of 2013) calculated by dividing its “Tier 1” capital, which comprises its share capital, reserves, retained 
earnings, profit and revaluation surplus for the current periods, plus its tier 2 capital, which comprises general provisions, by 
the aggregate of its risk-weighted assets and risk-weighted off-balance sheet exposures. In accordance with these guidelines, 
the Bank must maintain a total capital ratio in excess of 8.0% calculated in accordance with BRSA regulations. In addition, as 
a prudential requirement, the BRSA requires a target capital adequacy ratio that is 4.0% higher than the legal capital ratio. As 
of 31 December 2022, the Bank’s regulatory capital adequacy ratio was 24.36% and the Group’s regulatory capital adequacy 
ratio was 21.84%, each significantly exceeding the minimum legal ratio of 8.0%. 
Within the context of the implementation of the Basel III framework in Türkiye, the 2006 Equity Regulation was 
replaced by the Equity Regulation as noted above. As a result, the calculations regarding capital adequacy for periods from 
1 January 2014 are performed in accordance with the Equity Regulation and other regulations newly enacted and/or amended 
by the BRSA. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment - Capital Adequacy” for additional information.

--- Page 162 ---
143 
MANAGEMENT 
In accordance with the Bank’s articles of incorporation and the relevant laws of Türkiye, the Bank is ultimately 
controlled by its shareholders through its General Assembly. According to the Bank’s articles of incorporation, general 
resolutions at the General Assembly are adopted by affirmative votes of an absolute majority of the votes present at the meeting; 
provided that a quorum is attained. Resolutions concerning amendments to the articles of incorporation themselves, however, 
must be approved by affirmative votes of two-thirds of the votes present at the meeting; provided that a quorum is attained. 
The Bank comprises more than 50 departments. Two of these departments – the Board of Inspectors and the Secretariat 
to the Board of Directors – report directly to the Board of Directors. The Internal Control, Risk Management and Corporate 
Compliance Departments are managed by the Deputy CEO, who reports to the Board of Directors. The other departments are 
managed by the Executive Committee comprising the CEO and Deputy CEOs. 
The following chart shows the corporate organisational structure of the Bank as of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Board of Directors 
According to the Bank’s articles of incorporation, the Board of Directors consists of between seven and 11 members, 
as elected by the shareholders at the General Assembly, with the exception of the Chief Executive Officer, who is appointed by 
the Board of Directors. Each director (other than the Chief Executive Officer) serves for a term of up to three years and is 
eligible to be re-elected. 
Under the Bank’s articles of incorporation, the Board of Directors must hold its meetings at least once a month at 
either the address where the Bank’s head office is located or in a digital environment. The Board of Directors may also hold 
meetings in any other suitable place; provided that more than one half of the members of the Board of Directors concur. 
The presence of more than one half of the Board of Directors is required for the validity of a board meeting. Resolutions 
are adopted by the majority of the members present and, in the event of an equality of votes, the relevant matter is postponed 
until the subsequent meeting. Should the votes again be equal, the proposal in question is considered as rejected. 
The Turkish Commercial Code (Law No. 6102) allows the appointment of a legal entity as a member of the board of 
directors of a joint stock company. Under such rules, a legal entity on a board of directors would be represented by a natural 
person designated by it. Alternatively, natural persons can be members of the board. Notwithstanding this provision, the BRSA 
does not favour the appointment of a legal entity as a board member of any joint stock company that it regulates, and thus 
members of the Bank’s Board of Directors can (in practice) only be natural persons.

--- Page 163 ---
144 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is İş Kuleleri 34330 Levent, İstanbul, Türkiye. As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors comprises the following: 
Name 
Position 
Year first 
appointed to the 
Board 
Adnan Bali ..........................................
Chairperson
2021
Yusuf Ziya Toprak..............................
Vice Chairperson(1)
2020
Hakan Aran .........................................
Director & CEO
2021
Ahmet Gökhan Sungur........................
Independent Director
2020
Feray Demir ........................................
Director
2016
Ersin Önder Çiftçioğlu ........................
Director(1)
2017
Fazlı Bulut...........................................
Director
2019
Durmuş Öztek .....................................
Director
2020
Recep Hakan Özyıldız.........................
Director
2020
Mustafa Rıdvan Selçuk .......................
Director
2020
Sadrettin Yurtsever..............................
Director
2020
 _____________  
(1) Independent Director as a result of being a member of the Audit Committee. 
Information on each of these Directors is set forth below: 
Adnan Bali (Chairperson) 
Born in İslahiye in 1962, Mr. Bali graduated from the Economics Department of Middle East Technical University 
and started his career at the Bank’s Board of Inspectors in 1986. After working at various managerial positions at the Bank, Mr. 
Bali starting serving as the Deputy Chief Executive in 2006 and was appointed as the 16th Chief Executive Officer of the Bank 
on 1 April 2011, serving in such position until 1 April 2021. Mr. Bali was elected to the Bank’s Board of Directors on 31 March 
2021 and was appointed as the Chairperson of the Bank’s Board of Directors on 1 April 2021. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, he also serves as the Chairperson of the Remuneration Committee, the Risk Committee, the Sustainability 
Committee and the Board of Directors Operating Principles Committee and as a member of the Credit Committee. 
In addition to his duties at the Bank, Mr.  Bali is the Chairperson of TSKB, Softtech Ventures Teknoloji A.Ş. and 
İşbank Supplementary Pension Fund. 
Yusuf Ziya Toprak (Vice Chairperson) 
Born in Trabzon in 1943, Mr. Toprak graduated from the Department of Finance of Istanbul Economics and 
Commercial Sciences Academy. Mr. Toprak joined the Bank in 1967 as an Assistant Inspector on the Board of Inspectors. In 
the following years, he was appointed as an Assistant Manager and Group Manager in the Automation and Organization 
Departments, a Manager in the Securities Department, the General Manager of the Bank’s subsidiary Yatırım Finansman 
Menkul Değerler A.Ş. and a Deputy Chief Executive at the Bank in 1999. 
Mr. Toprak retired in 2004 but continued serving as the Vice Chairperson and a Member of the Board of Directors of 
Şişecam until 2010. 
Mr. Toprak was elected to the Bank’s Board of Directors on 31 March 2020 and as the Vice Chairperson of the Bank’s 
Board of Directors on 1 April 2020. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, he also serves as the Chairperson of the Audit 
Committee, the T.R.N.C. Internal Systems Committee and the Operational Risk Committee, a member of the Risk Committee 
and an alternate member of the Credit Committee. 
Hakan Aran (Director and Chief Executive Officer) 
Born in Antakya in 1968, Mr. Aran graduated from the Faculty of Engineering in the Computer Engineering 
Department of Middle East Technical University in 1990. He holds a master’s degree in Business Administration from Başkent 
University’s Institute of Social Sciences (2002). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr. Aran is continuing his Ph.D. studies 
in Banking at İstanbul Commerce University.

--- Page 164 ---
145 
Beginning his career in the Bank’s IT System Operations Department in 1990 as a Software Specialist, Mr. Aran 
became the Head of the Software Development Department in 2005 and was promoted to be a Deputy Chief Executive in 2008. 
Being responsible for operations, digital banking and technology, he participated in significant transformation programmes of 
the Bank. Mr. Aran was appointed as the 17th Chief Executive Officer of the Bank on 1 April 2021 and, as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, also serves as the Chairperson of the Credit Committee, the Human Resources Committee, the Information 
Technology Strategy Committee, the Information Security Committee and a member of the Risk Committee and the Operational 
Risk Committee. In addition to his duties at the Bank, Mr. Aran is the Chairperson of İşbank AG and Trakya Yatırım 
Holding A.Ş. 
Ahmet Gökhan Sungur (Independent Director) 
Born in Yozgat in 1953, Mr. Sungur graduated from the Department of Chemical Engineering of Middle East 
Technical University and then completed a master’s degree from the same department. Mr. Sungur started his career as a Chief 
Specialist Chemical Engineer at General Institute of Mineral Research and Exploration Department of Technology in 1975 and 
worked in Hisarbank and Güntekin İnşaat A.Ş. as a System Analyst between 1981 and 1982, as a Manager of Software 
Development at the Bank between 1982 and 1999 and as the Chief Executive Officer at İş Net A.Ş. between 1999 and 2003. 
Mr. Sungur was elected as an independent member of the Bank’s Board of Directors on 31 March 2020. 
Feray Demir (Director) 
Born in Ağrı in 1968, Ms. Demir received a degree in Business Administration from Anadolu University’s Faculty of 
Economics and Administrative Sciences and Sociology (Extended Learning) from İstanbul University’s Faculty of Open and 
Distant Education. She started her career at the Bank’s Sefaköy/İstanbul Branch as an Officer in 1988 and became the Assistant 
Section Head in 1990, Section Head in 1995, Sub-Manager in 1996 and Assistant Manager in 1999 at the same branch. She 
started serving as an Assistant Manager in the Commercial Loans Department in 2002. Ms. Demir served as an Assistant 
Manager in the Corporate Marketing Department from 2003 to 2005 and as the Manager of the Çarşı-Güneşli/İstanbul Branch 
from 2005 to 2007. Subsequently, Ms. Demir served as the Manager of the Commercial Banking Sales Division from 2007 to 
2011 and as the Bank’s İstanbul Corporate Branch Manager from 2011 to 2016. 
Ms. Demir was elected to the Bank’s Board of Directors on 25 March 2016 and was re-elected on 31 March 2017 and 
31 March 2020. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, she is also a member of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, 
the Credit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Sustainability Committee, the Corporate Governance Committee and 
the Board of Directors Operating Principles Committee. 
In addition to her duties at the Bank, Ms. Demir also serves as a member of the Board of İşbank Personnel 
Supplementary Pension Fund. 
Ersin Önder Çiftçioğlu (Director) 
Born in Ankara in 1960, Mr. Çiftçioğlu graduated from Hacettepe University, Faculty of Social and Administrative 
Sciences, Department of English Linguistics. Mr. Çiftçioğlu began his career as an officer in the Bank’s Yenişehir/Ankara 
Branch in 1985 and was later appointed as an Assistant Section Head, Section Head, Sub-Manager and Assistant Manager in 
the same branch. In 2007, he was appointed initially as an Assistant Manager at the Bank’s Başkent Corporate/Ankara Branch 
and then as Regional Manager of the SME Loans Underwriting Division of Adana Region in the same year and subsequently 
served as the Ankara Centre I. Region Manager. Mr. Çiftçioğlu was appointed as the Manager of the Ege Corporate/İzmir 
Branch in 2011 and the Başkent Corporate/Ankara Branch in 2016. 
Mr. Çiftçioğlu was elected to the Bank’s Board of Directors on 31 March 2017 and was re-elected on 31 March 2020 
and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, also serves as the Chairperson of the Corporate Governance Committee and as a 
member of the Audit Committee, the TRNC Internal Systems Committee, the Sustainability Committee, the Risk Committee 
and the Operational Risk Committee. 
Fazlı Bulut (Director) 
Born in Pertek in 1964, Mr. Bulut graduated from Ankara University, Faculty of Political Science, Department of 
Economics. Mr. Bulut received a master’s degree in Economic Development from the New Hampshire College (currently 
known as Southern New Hampshire University) in the United States. Mr. Bulut served as an Account Expert and a Senior

--- Page 165 ---
146 
Account Expert at the Board of Account Experts of the Ministry of Finance from 1985 to 1997. He taught General Accounting 
at the College of Tourism and College of Computer Technology of Bilkent University from 1996 to 1998. Mr. Bulut served as 
the vice general manager and a member of the board in Social Insurance Institution (Sosyal Sigortalar Kurumu) from 1997 to 
1999. He served as the vice general manager, the general manager and a member of the board of directors of Tepe Home 
Mobilya ve Dekorasyon Ürünleri Sanayi Tic. A.Ş., a subsidiary of Bilkent Holding, from 1999 to 2011. He subsequently served 
as a consultant for Bilkent Holding on tax and retailing for one year, the general manager of B. Braun Kalyon Medikal ve Dış 
Ticaret A.Ş. from 2013 to 2015 and as the coordinator of financial affairs in Terra İnşaat Grubu from 2016 to 2017. Mr. Bulut 
also has published books on various subjects. 
Mr. Bulut was elected to the Bank’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2019 and was re-elected on 31 March 2020 and, 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus, is an alternate member of the Credit Committee and a member of the Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee. 
Durmuş Öztek (Director) 
Born in Sivas in 1953, Mr. Öztek graduated from the Department of Economics and Finance of Ankara University 
Faculty of Political Sciences and then received a master’s degree in Economics from Vanderbilt University in the United States. 
Mr. Öztek served as a Finance Auditor at the Turkish Treasury between 1975 and 1986. In the following years, he served as a 
Department Head, Deputy General Manager and General Manager in the General Directorate of Budget and Financial Control, 
the Chief Auditor and Member of the Financial Advisory Committee at the Turkish Treasury, an Auditor at Türk Telekom, a 
Member of the General Committee in the Council of Higher Education and a Financial Counselor at the Turkish embassy in 
Brussels. He served as a Ministry Counselor at the Turkish Treasury between 2006 and 2011. 
Mr. Öztek was elected to the Bank’s Board of Directors on 31 March 2020 and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
is a member of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee and the Board of Directors Operating Principles Committee. 
Recep Hakan Özyıldız (Director) 
Born in Bursa in 1956, Mr. Özyıldız graduated from the Department of Economics and Finance in the Faculty of 
Political Sciences at Ankara University and then received a master’s degree in Economics at Northeastern University in the 
United States. Mr. Özyıldız started to work as an Assistant Treasury Specialist at the Turkish Treasury in 1978. In the following 
years, he served as a Branch Manager at the Undersecretary of Treasury and Foreign Trade and at the General Directorate of 
Banking and Foreign Exchange, a Department Head, Deputy General Manager and General Manager at the General Directorate 
of Public Finance under the Turkish Treasury, an Auditor at the Bank, the General Manager of the State Economic Enterprises 
in the Turkish Treasury, a Senior advisor of Economics in the Turkish embassy in London and an Assistant Undersecretary in 
the Turkish Treasury. Mr. Özyıldız is a columnist and commentator and serves as a part-time academic tutor in the Faculty of 
Political Sciences at Ankara University. 
Mr. Özyıldız was elected to the Bank’s Board of Directors on 31 March 2020. 
Mustafa Rıdvan Selçuk (Director) 
Born in Malatya in 1955, Mr. Selçuk graduated from the Department of Economics and Finance in the Faculty of 
Political Sciences at Ankara University and then received a master’s degree in Economics from Vanderbilt University in the 
United States. Mr. Selçuk started his career as an Assistant Account Expert at the Turkish Treasury in 1978. In the following 
years, he served as an Account Expert, Senior Account Expert and Department Head in the General Directorate of Revenues, 
the General Manager and Chairman of Bağkur at the Ministry of Labour and Social Security, a Labour and Social Security 
Advisor in the Turkish embassy in Copenhagen and a Ministry Advisor at the Turkish Treasury. Mr. Selçuk, who also serves 
as a Certified Public Accountant since 2003, is an Independent Auditor at BDD Bağımsız Denetim ve Danışmanlık A.Ş. and a 
partner at Girişim YMM Limited Şti. 
Mr. Selçuk was elected to the Bank’s Board of Directors on 31 March 2020. 
Sadrettin Yurtsever (Director) 
Born in Bingöl in 1964, Mr. Yurtsever, graduated from the Department of English Language Education in the Faculty 
of Education of Gazi University. Mr. Yurtsever started his career at the Bank as a candidate officer in the İzmir branch in 1993 
and later served in the same branch as a Section Head and Sub-Manager, as an Assistant Manager in the SME Loans

--- Page 166 ---
147 
Underwriting Division of the Denizli Region starting in 2006, as an İzmir Central II. Region Sales Division Assistant Regional 
Manager starting in 2007 and a Regional Manager in the same division starting in 2011, the Branch Manager of the Bornova, 
İzmir Commercial Branch starting in 2013 and then the same role in the Mediterranean, Antalya Corporate Branch starting in 
2018. 
Mr. Yurtsever was elected to the Bank’s Board of Directors on 31 March 2020 and, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, is a member of the Corporate Governance Committee and the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee. 
Executive Committee 
The Bank’s Executive Committee consists of the Chief Executive Officer and the Deputy Chief Executives. The 
meetings of the Executive Committee are held once a month; however, the Chief Executive Officer may call for a meeting 
whenever it is necessary. Resolutions are made on a majority basis and require the approval of the Chief Executive Officer. 
The Executive Committee is responsible for, among other things, preparing the strategies, policies, targets and the 
business plan of the Bank and assessing the Bank’s performance. Members of the Executive Committee are: 
Name 
Position 
Hakan Aran
Chief Executive Officer
N. Burak Seyrek
Deputy Chief Executive
Ebru Özşuca
Deputy Chief Executive
Gamze Yalçın
Deputy Chief Executive
H. Cahit Çınar
Deputy Chief Executive
Sezgin Yılmaz
Deputy Chief Executive
Ozan Gürsoy
Deputy Chief Executive
Sabri Gökmenler
Deputy Chief Executive
Sezgin Lüle
Deputy Chief Executive
Can Yücel
Deputy Chief Executive
Sezai Sevgin(1)
Deputy Chief Executive
Suat Ergenekon Sözen
Deputy Chief Executive
İzlem Erdem
Deputy Chief Executive
O. Tufan Kurbanoğlu
Deputy Chief Executive
Mehmet Celayir
Deputy Chief Executive
  
 
 
(1) As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr. Sevgin does not vote in the Executive Committee. 
Additional information on each of these Deputy Chief Executives is set forth below: 
N. Burak Seyrek 
Born in Ankara in 1970, Nevzat Burak Seyrek graduated from the International Relations Department of the Faculty 
of Political Science of Ankara University in 1990. In December 1990, he began his career as a junior training assistant in the 
training centre of the Bank. After his employment in the education directorate, he served in the credit department as a credit 
specialist. From 1994 to 2001, Mr. Seyrek worked at İşbank GmbH in the credit and risk management department as an 
Assistant Director and the Risk Manager. In 2001, he returned to the Bank, where he worked until 2004 in the Başkent Branch 
(Ankara) as the Assistant Director responsible for credit and trade. In 2004, Mr. Seyrek was promoted to the position of branch 
manager of the Ostim Branch in Ankara. From 2007 to 2010, he held the position of the regional corporate sales director for 
Ankara region II. From 2010 to 2011, he served as the head of corporate banking products, and from 2011 to 2013 he continued 
the duties of head of corporate banking (sales) with responsibility for the regional directorates and corporate branches. In 
October 2013, he was appointed as the CEO of İşbank AG. On 25 March 2016, Mr. Seyrek was appointed as a Deputy Chief 
Executive. 
Ebru Özşuca 
Born in Ankara in 1971. Ms. Ebru Özşuca graduated from the Economics Department of Middle East Technical 
University’s Faculty of Economic and Administrative Sciences in 1992. She also holds a master’s degree in International 
Banking and Finance from the University of Southampton in the United Kingdom. She attended the Advanced Management 
Programme at Harvard Business School in 2015. She joined the Bank as an Assistant Specialist in the Treasury Division in 
1993 and later served in the same department as an Assistant Manager and Unit Manager. After serving in the Corporate

--- Page 167 ---
148 
Banking Product Division between 2007 and 2011, she was appointed as the Head of Treasury Division. Ms. Özşuca was 
appointed as a Deputy Chief Executive on 28 November 2017. 
Gamze Yalçın 
Born in Ankara in 1971. Ms. Gamze Yalçın graduated from the Economics Department of Middle East Technical 
University’s Faculty of Economic and Administrative Sciences in 1992. She also holds a master’s degree in International 
Banking and Finance from the University of Birmingham in the United Kingdom and attended the Advanced Management 
Programme at Harvard Business School in 2017. She joined the Bank as an Assistant Specialist in 1993 and, after serving in 
the Organisation and Accounting Divisions, she was appointed as an Assistant Manager in the Risk Management Division in 
2002. After serving as a Unit Manager in the same division, she was appointed as the Head of Risk Management Division in 
2011. Ms. Yalçın was appointed as a Deputy Chief Executive on 28 November 2017. 
H. Cahit Çınar 
Born in Ankara in 1967, Mr. Cahit Çınar graduated from the International Relations Department of the Faculty of 
Political Sciences at Ankara University and then attended Munich Ludwig-Maximillians University between 1989 and 1990. 
Mr. Çınar then began his career at the Bank as an Assistant Specialist in Economic Research Division in 1991 and joined the 
Board of Inspectors as an Assistant Inspector in 1992. He was appointed as an Assistant Manager to the Commercial Loans 
Division in 2001. He was appointed to a position in Frankfurt/Germany in 2004 and became the Regional Manager of 
Commercial Loans Department in 2007, the Head of Commercial Loans Underwriting Division in 2010 and the Manager of 
Güneşli Corporate Branch in 2013. Mr. Çınar was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of İşbank AG on 25 March 2016. 
Mr. Çınar was appointed as a Deputy Chief Executive of the Bank on 5 October 2018. 
Sezgin Yılmaz 
Born in Kırcaali in 1975. Mr. Sezgin Yılmaz graduated from Uludağ University’s Faculty of Economic and 
Administrative Sciences, Department of Economics. Mr. Yılmaz started his career as an Officer at the Bank’s Bursa branch in 
1997. After serving in various positions in the Bank, Mr. Yılmaz was appointed as Regional Manager of SME Loans 
Underwriting Division in Kayseri in 2012 and Regional Manager of SME Loans Underwriting Division in İzmir 
Central I. Region in 2015. He then successively served as Regional Sales Manager of SME and Enterprise Banking Sales 
Division in İzmir Central II. Region, Support Services and Procurement Division Head, and Procurement Division Head. 
Mr. Yılmaz, who was elected to the Bank’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2019 and resigned therefrom in August 2019, 
currently serves as Deputy Chief Executive. 
Ozan Gürsoy 
Born in Adana in 1974. Mr. Ozan Gürsoy graduated from the Public Administration Department of Middle East 
Technical University, Faculty of Economic and Administrative Sciences. He also holds a master’s degree in International 
Banking and Finance from the University of Birmingham in the United Kingdom. He joined the Bank as an Assistant Inspector 
on the Board of Inspectors in 1996. Throughout his career, Mr. Gürsoy has served in various units of the Bank, including the 
Bank’s corporate baranch in Gebze. He was appointed as a Deputy Chief Executive of the Bank in 2019. 
Sabri Gökmenler 
Born in Ankara in 1968. Mr. Sabri Gökmenler graduated from the Computer Engineering Department of Middle East 
Technical University in 1991 and completed his master’s degree in the same department in 1995. Mr. Gökmenler began his 
career at the Bank in 1991 as a Software Specialist and has been serving in Softtech, a participation of İşbank, since 2004. He 
became the Head of the Information Technology Architecture & Security Management Division of the Bank in 2008 and the 
Head of the Information Technologies Division in 2012. Mr. Gökmenler was appointed as a Deputy Chief Executive on 
28 January 2021.  
Sezgin Lüle 
Born in Trabzon in 1976. Mr. Sezgin Lüle graduated from the Industrial Engineering Department of Boğaziçi 
University’s Faculty of Engineering in 1998. He completed his master’s degree in International Banking and Finance at the 
University of Birmingham in 2004. Mr. Lüle began his career in the Organisation Division of the Bank as an Assistant 
Organisation and Method Specialist in 1998 and became an Assistant Inspector in the Board of Inspectors in 1999. He served

--- Page 168 ---
149 
as an Assistant Manager and Unit Manager at the Bank’s Board of Project and Change Management between 2008 and 2011 
and became the Head of the Enterprise Architecture Division in April 2017. He attended the Advanced Management Programme 
at Harvard Business School in 2019. Mr. Lüle was appointed as a Deputy Chief Executive on 28 January 2021. 
Can Yücel 
Mr. Yücel (born 1978) graduated from the Economics Department of the Middle East Technical University, Faculty 
of Economic and Administrative Sciences and began his career at the Bank in 1999 as an Assistant Inspector on the Board of 
Inspectors. He served as an Assistant Manager in the SME Loans Underwriting Division in 2008, an Assistant Manager in the 
Corporate Loans Underwriting Division from 2009 to 2011, when he was appointed as a Unit Manager before being appointed 
as the Head of the Corporate Loans Underwriting Division in 2016. Mr. Yücel became the Branch Manager of the Bank’s 
Başkent Corporate/Ankara Branch in 2020. In August 2021, Mr. Yücel was appointed as a Deputy Chief Executive of the Bank. 
Sezai Sevgin 
Mr. Sevgin (born 1968) graduated from Marmara University, Faculty of Economic and Administrative Sciences, in 
1990. In the same year, he began his career at the Bank as an Assistant Inspector on the Board of Inspectors. Appointed to serve 
within İşbank AG in 1997, Mr. Sevgin became an Assistant Manager at İşbank AG’s Paris branch in 1998, where he became 
the Branch Manager in 2002. He was then appointed as the Bank’s Group Manager of the Corporate Banking Marketing 
Division in 2004, Head of Commercial Banking Marketing Division in 2007 and then the Branch Manager of the Bank’s 
corporate branches in Gebze (2011) and Maslak (2013). In 2015, Mr. Sevgin became the General Manager of Bayındır 
Healthcare Group, then returned to the Bank on 28 December 2021 when he was appointed as a Deputy Chief Executive of the 
Bank. 
Suat Ergenekon Sözen 
Mr. Sözen (born 1970) graduated from the Economics Department of Gazi University, Faculty of Economics and 
Administrative Sciences. He joined the Bank in 1991 as an Assistant Specialist in the Training Department. He was appointed 
as a Specialist in the Human Resources Division in 1998, as a Credit Specialist at the Bank’s Yıldız Posta Boulevard branch in 
2000 and as an Assistant Manager at the same branch in 2002. After serving in the Commercial Loans Division from 2004 to 
2006, Mr. Sözen was promoted to the position of Unit Manager in the Corporate Communications Division in 2006, thereafter 
becoming the Head of the same division in 2008. He became the Bank’s Corporate Communication Coordinator and General 
Secretary in 2017 and was appointed as a Deputy Chief Executive on 25 March 2022. 
İzlem Erdem 
Ms. Erdem (born 1968) graduated from the Economics Department of Marmara University, Faculty of Economics and 
Administrative Sciences in 1990. She also attended the Advanced Management Program at the Harvard Business School in 
2016. Ms. Erdem joined the Bank in 1990 as an Assistant Specialist in the Economic Research Division and was appointed as 
an Assistant Manager in the same division in 1998. Serving in the Capital Markets Division after 2000, she became Unit 
Manager of such division in 2004. Ms. Erdem was appointed as the Head of Economic Research Division in 2008 and started 
to serve as the Bank’s Chief Economist in 2018. She was appointed as a Deputy Chief Executive on 25 March 2022. 
O. Tufan Kurbanoğlu 
Mr. Kurbanoğlu (born 1971) graduated from the Public Administration Department of the Middle East Technical 
University, Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences. He began his career at the Bank as an Assistant Inspector in 
the Board of Inspectors in 1993. Mr. Kurbanoğlu was appointed as an Assistant Manager in the Commercial and Corporate 
Loans Monitoring and Recovery Division in 2002, thereafter becoming a Unit Manager in the same division in 2006. He then 
was appointed as a Regional Manager in the Retail Loans Monitoring and Recovery Division in 2011 before starting his service 
as the Head of the Commercial and Corporate Loans Monitoring and Recovery Division in 2014. Mr. Kurbanoğlu was appointed 
as a Deputy Chief Executive on 25 March 2022. 
Mehmet Celayir 
Mr. Celayir (born 1970) graduated from the Faculty of Economics in the Department of International Relations at 
İstanbul University. Mr. Celayir started his career as an officer at the Bank’s branch is Elazığ in 1996. After serving in various 
positions in the Bank, he was promoted to the Branch Manager of the Cizre/Şırnak Branch in 2004. He then was appointed as

--- Page 169 ---
150 
an Assistant Regional Manager of the SME Loans Underwriting Division for the Diyarbakır Region in 2006 and then, in 2009, 
was promoted to Regional Manager in the same division. He then successively served as a Branch Manager of the Mersin 
Commercial Branch, the Head of Commercial Banking’s Sales Division and a Branch Manager of the Gaziantep Corporate 
Branch. Mr. Celayir was appointed as a Deputy Chief Executive on 14 December 2022. 
Board Committees 
In addition to the Executive Committee, the Board of Directors has established the Credit Committee, the Credit 
Revision Committee, the Audit Committee, the Risk Committee, the Operational Risk Committee, the TRNC Internal Systems 
Committee, the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Corporate Governance 
Committee, the Board of Directors Operating Principles Committee, the Human Resources Committee, the Business Continuity 
Management Committee, the Information Systems Strategy Committee and the Information Security Committee. 
Credit Committee. The Bank’s Credit Committee consists of the Chief Executive Officer or his deputy, who is also 
the chairperson of the Credit Committee, and two members of the Board of Directors. Each year, at the first Board of Directors 
meeting after the General Shareholders’ Meeting, the members of the Credit Committee are determined. Two alternate 
committee members are also designated. Decisions of the Credit Committee relating to credit allocations require unanimous 
approval with each Credit Committee member having an opportunity to examine the credit file in question. Resolutions of the 
Credit Committee that have unanimous backing are executed directly, while resolutions made on a majority basis are executed 
following the approval of the Board of Directors. The Credit Committee examined 86, 105 and 58 credit files, respectively, in 
2020, 2021 and 2022. 
Credit Revision Committee. The Credit Revision Committee was established within the context of the Bank’s credit 
risk policy in order to ensure that after any revision of its loan portfolio at the end of the year, relations with credit customers 
are evaluated and, where necessary, the credit limits allocated are renewed or revised. In 2022, the Bank’s Credit Revision 
Committee revised all the firms and institutions under the authority of the Board of Directors and Credit Committee and 
completed the examination and revision of limits for hundreds of group or individual companies and correspondents. 
Audit Committee. The Audit Committee consists of two members (a chairperson and a member) that serve on the 
Board of Directors. The Audit Committee members are selected by the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee informs the 
Board of Directors of the results of its activities and the measures that are required to be taken by the Bank, and offers its 
opinions on other matters that it considers to be significant for the Bank to conduct its business in a safe manner. 
The Audit Committee is in charge of: 
(a) ensuring that the Bank’s internal systems function effectively and efficiently and that the Bank’s 
accounting and reporting systems operate in compliance with the related regulations, 
(b) carrying out the preliminary assessment of external auditors and rating agencies, evaluating and 
supporting service providers and monitoring on a regular basis the activities of the service providers selected by the 
Board of Directors, 
(c) ensuring that the internal audit functions of subsidiaries that are subject to consolidation are being 
performed in line with the related regulations, 
(d) reporting and advising to the Board of Directors in relation to the Bank’s operations and activities, as well 
as the policies and regulations of its internal systems, 
(e) evaluating the information and reports received from independent auditors and divisions that fall under 
the internal systems with respect to their activities, 
(f) ensuring that the Bank’s financial statements are in accordance with the relevant regulations, requirements 
and standards, 
(g) where necessary, gathering information, reports and documents from the relevant units of the Bank or its 
supporting service providers and independent auditors and, subject to the approval of the Board of Directors, receiving 
consulting service from persons who are experts in their respective fields,

--- Page 170 ---
151 
(h) carrying out its other regulatory duties and performing tasks assigned by the Board of Directors,  
(i) reporting to and advising the Board of Directors in relation to the results of its activities and the measures 
deemed necessary to be taken in order for the Bank to operate in a manner compliant with the relevant external and 
internal regulations and policies, and 
(j) ensuring that the scope of the internal capital adequacy evaluation process includes all risks in a 
consolidated manner and that auditing and control processes are maintained within the Bank for such evaluation to be 
adequate and accurate. 
Risk Committee. The Risk Committee is responsible for formulating the risk management strategies and policies that 
the Bank will adhere to both on a consolidated and unconsolidated basis, presenting them to the Board of Directors for approval, 
and monitoring compliance with them. The Risk Committee is the common communication platform with the Bank’s executive 
divisions in terms of assessing the risk to which the Bank is exposed, making suggestions about precautions to be taken and 
methods to be followed. The committee’s principal duties include: 
(a) preparing risk strategies and policies and presenting them to the Board of Directors for approval, 
(b) adjudicating on and negotiating the issues raised by the Risk Management Division, 
(c) recommending risk limits (including risk appetite limits, trading book limits, banking book limits, 
investment limits, loan concentration limits, industrial limits and liquidity risk limits) to the Board of Directors, 
monitoring the breach of risk limits and making recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding the treatment 
and elimination of those breaches, 
(d) recommending to the Board of Directors changes in risk policies as circumstances require, 
(e) monitoring risk identification, definition, measurement, assessment, and management processes carried 
out by the Risk Management Division, and 
(f) monitoring the accuracy and reliability of the risk measurement methodologies and their results. 
The Risk Committee also contributes to the configuration of group risk policies through consolidated group meetings. 
In the activities that the Risk Committee carries out on a consolidated basis, the Deputy Chief Executive responsible for the 
Equity Participations Division and the Department Head of the Equity Participations Division also attend the meetings. 
Operational Risk Committee. The Operational Risk Committee was established, as per the decision of the Board of 
Directors dated 30 April 2020, to determine the strategies and policies for managing operational risks that the Bank might be 
exposed to, to improve the Bank’s operational risk management framework and to strengthen the Bank’s operational risks 
governance model. The Operational Risk Committee functions in coordination with the Risk Committee and reports operating 
results to the Board of Directors through the Audit Committee. 
The TRNC Internal Systems Committee. Due to the Bank having branches operating in the TRNC, the TRNC Internal 
Systems Committee was established under resolution No. 35546 of the Board of Directors dated 15 June 2009 in accordance 
with the Banking Law of the TRNC and other relevant regulations. 
The TRNC Internal Systems Committee informs the Board of Directors of the results of its activities and the measures 
that are required to be taken by the Bank’s branches in the TRNC, and renders its opinions on other matters that it deems to be 
significant for these branches to conduct their business in a safe and effective manner. 
The TRNC Internal Systems Committee is responsible for ensuring that the internal systems that have been established 
with regard to the activities of the branches operating in the TRNC function effectively and efficiently and that the Bank’s 
accounting and reporting systems in these branches operate within the framework of the related regulations, ensuring the 
integrity of information produced. 
The TRNC Internal Systems Committee is also responsible for carrying out the preliminary assessment of external 
auditors as well as monitoring on a regular basis the activities of the service providers for other banking activities that have 
been selected by the Board of Directors and have signed an agreement with the Bank.

--- Page 171 ---
152 
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee. The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee was established in 
accordance with the Regulation on Social Responsibility Practice (the “Social Regulation”), which was adopted under resolution 
No. 33784 of the Board of Directors dated 7 November 2007. The Committee operates in line with the Social Regulation 
principles, by considering the following basic fields of contribution: “Education,” “Culture and Art,” “Health,” “Protection of 
the Environment” and “Other Activities.” 
Remuneration Committee. As per the resolution of the Board of Directors, dated 29 December 2011 and No. 38038, 
the Remuneration Committee was established for the purpose of executing functions and activities related to monitoring and 
controlling remuneration implementations of the Bank on behalf of the Board of Directors. 
The Committee holds meetings at least twice a year and informs the Board of Directors about the results of its own 
activities and its opinions on other important issues. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for monitoring and controlling 
policies related to remuneration management on behalf of the Board of Directors within the context of compliance to the Bank’s 
Corporate Governance Principles, ensuring that remuneration is in compliance with the Bank’s ethical values, internal balances 
and strategic goals. The committee is also responsible for evaluating remuneration policy and its implementation within the 
framework of risk management, submitting proposals to the Board of Directors that are in line with the requirements after 
examining remuneration policy and officiating other responsibilities in accordance with relevant legislation and tasks assigned 
by the Board of Directors within this framework. 
Corporate Governance Committee. As per the resolution of the Board of Directors dated 27 February 2013, the 
Corporate Governance Committee was established for the purpose of assuring that the Bank complies with corporate 
governance principles and determining appropriate independent nominees for the Bank’s Board of Directors. 
Board of Directors Operating Principles Committee. As per the resolution of the Board of Directors dated 30 July 
2021, the Board of Directors Operating Principles Committee (which consists of three members) was established for informing 
and reporting to the Board of Directors its determinations, opinions and suggestions on the interpretation and implementation 
of the provisions of legislation relating to boards of directors. 
Human Resources Committee. As per the resolution of the Board of Directors dated 28 May 1978, the Human 
Resources Committee was established for the purpose of evaluating and approving issues regarding human resources, such as 
promotions, relocations, disciplinary and legal actions and remuneration.  
Business Continuity Management Committee (Including Informations Systems Continuity). As per the resolution of 
the Executive Committee dated 12 August 2010 and the resolution of the Board of Directors dated 28 February 2020, the 
Business Continuity Management Committee (Including Informations Systems Continuity) was established to monitor the 
Bank’s ongoing business continuity management programme and information systems continuity strategies and to report to the 
Bank’s senior management with respect thereto. 
Information Systems Strategy Committee. Established by the decision of the Board of Directors dated 28 July 2020, 
the Information Systems Strategy Committee reports to the Board of Directors on whether the Bank’s information systems 
investments are used in line with the Bank’s information systems strategy plan and assesses the compatibility of such plan with 
the business objectives of the Bank. 
Information Security Committee. Established by the decision of the Board of Directors dated 28 February 2020, the 
Information Security Committee provides recommendations to the Bank’s executive management in relation to information 
security efforts undertaken by the Bank. The committee also coordinates and communicates the direction, current state and 
oversight of the information security programme. The Information Security Committee is in charge of: 
(a) establishing the Bank’s information security policy, submitting it for the Board of Directors’ approval and 
implementing such policy, 
(b) ensuring that information security policies, procedures and process documents are reviewed at least once 
a year, 
(c) providing security reviews after significant security-related incidents, recently discovered security 
vulnerabilities or significant changes in the technology infrastructure, 
(d) coordinating information security studies,

--- Page 172 ---
153 
(e) submitting a report to the Board of Directors at least once a year, 
(f) evaluating current trends in information security and whether they can be applied to the Bank, 
(g) ensuring that the internal regulations and standards with respect to the information security policy are in 
place and that the Bank complies with regulations and internal policies of the Bank, monitoring practices to be 
implemented in this respect, assessing the incompatibilities that may arise and making decisions to eliminate such 
incompatibilities, 
(h) regularly monitoring risks related to information security and ensuring that controls are implemented to 
reduce the effects of these risks, monitoring critical information security incidents and evaluting the effectiveness of 
such controls, 
(i) ensuring that the policies, procedures and processes related to the law on personal data protection and 
relevant regulations are complied with and the risks arising therefrom are effectively managed, 
(j) approving the Asset Classification Guide, which describes the criteria to determine the security classes of 
information assets, and 
(k) approving the Information Security Awareness Training Programme, which aims to educate the Bank’s 
employees about cyber risks and increase their information security awareness. 
Conflict of Interests 
There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties of any of the members of the Board of Directors 
and the Executive Committee and their respective private interests or other duties. 
Address 
The business address of the Executive Committee is İş Kuleleri 34330 Levent, İstanbul, Türkiye. 
Remuneration 
As per the Bank’s articles of incorporation, the Bank does not distribute any dividends to the members of the Board 
of Directors (including the Chief Executive Officer) for their roles as members of the Board of Directors. Monthly 
remunerations of the members of the Board of Directors and auditors are determined annually at the Bank’s General 
Shareholders’ Meetings and disclosed to the Borsa İstanbul. 
The aggregate amount of the remuneration paid and benefits granted to the members of the Bank’s Board of Directors 
and its senior management for 2022 was TL 86.1 million. 
Corporate Governance 
The Bank recognises the importance of maintaining sound corporate governance practices. The relationship between 
the Bank’s management, shareholders, employees and third parties (including customers, legal authorities, suppliers and various 
other individuals and institutions with whom the Bank does business) are based upon fundamental governance principles 
including integrity, credibility, non-discrimination, compliance, confidentiality, transparency, accountability and sustainability. 
CMB Corporate Governance Principles 
The Communiqué No. II-17.1 on Corporate Governance (as amended, the “Corporate Governance Communiqué”) 
provides certain mandatory and non-mandatory corporate governance principles as well as rules regarding related party 
transactions and a company’s investor relations department. Some provisions of the Corporate Governance Communiqué are 
applicable to all companies incorporated in Türkiye and listed on the Borsa İstanbul, whereas some others are applicable solely 
to companies whose shares are traded in certain markets of the Borsa İstanbul. The Corporate Governance Communiqué 
provides specific exemptions and/or rules applicable to banks that are traded on the Borsa İstanbul. See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment - Corporate Governance Principles.”

--- Page 173 ---
154 
Legal Proceedings 
POAŞ Proceedings 
On 22 March 2016, a court in İstanbul received a prosecutor’s indictment related to some of the fuel import 
transactions of publicly traded Turkish fuel distributor OMV Petrol Ofisi A.Ş. (“POAŞ”) against certain of its board members 
or senior managers who served between 2001 and 2007. The indictment includes allegations against certain of the Bank’s 
current and past senior managers who served at POAŞ between 2001 and 2005, when the Bank was a significant minority 
shareholder in the company. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management does not believe that the 
proceedings will have any material impact on the Bank. The lawsuit is pending as of the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 174 ---
155 
OWNERSHIP 
The Bank was established in 1924 at the initiative of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, the founder of modern Türkiye. The 
Bank has three classes of shares, Class A Shares, Class B Shares and Class C Shares. For the principal differences among these 
three classes of shares, see “Voting rights” and “Privileges” below. 
As of 31 December 2022: (a) the major shareholder of the Bank, with a 37.31% shareholding, was the İşbank Personnel 
Supplementary Pension Fund, which acts on behalf of both active and retired employees of the Bank, (b) 34.60% of the Bank’s 
shares were on free float, and (c) the remaining 28.09% were held by the CHP, which is the testamentary heir of the Bank share 
capital held initially by Mustafa Kemal Atatürk under his will dated as of 5 September 1938. Under such will and its 
interpretation by the Turkish courts, dividends on the share capital of the Bank held by the CHP are paid equally to the following 
two non-profit organisations: the Turkish Language Institute and the Turkish Historical Society. 
As of 31 December 2022, the share capital of the Bank was TL 10,000,000,000 consisting of 250,002,250,000 fully 
paid-up shares. Registered shareholdings in the Bank as of such date were as follows: 
Shareholder 
Shares(1) 
Percentage 
Pension Fund 
Class A Shares ............................
35,532
0.00%
Class B Shares ............................
948,830
0.00%
Class C Shares ............................
93,280,856,575 
37.31% 
Sub-total......................................
93,281,840,937
37.31%
Atatürk’s Shares (the CHP) 
Class A Shares ............................
27,568
0.00%
Class B Shares ............................
823,769
0.00%
Class C Shares ............................
70,229,918,553 
28.09% 
Sub-total......................................
70,230,769,890
28.09%
Public Free Float 
Class A Shares ............................
36,900
0.00%
Class B Shares ............................
1,127,401
0.00%
Class C Shares ............................
86,488,474,872 
34.60% 
Sub-total......................................
86,489,639,173
34.60%
Total 
Class A Shares ............................
100,000
0.00%
Class B Shares ............................
2,900,000
0.00%
Class C Shares ............................
249,999,250,000 
100.00% 
Total.................................................... 
250,002,250,000 
100.00% 
 _____________  
(1) 
Each Class A and B share has a nominal value of one Kuruş. Each Class C share has a nominal value of four Kuruş. One hundred 
Kuruş are equal to one Turkish Lira. 
On 17 August 2018, the Bank’s Board of Directors decided to buy back up to 130,000,000 of its Class C shares for a 
maximum amount of TL 550,000,000. As of 31 December 2018, the Bank had purchased 130,000,000 Class C shares on free 
float for an amount of TL 530,306,572. On 31 May 2019, taking into account the efficient use of capital, market conditions and 
relative improvement in economic conditions, the Bank’s Board of Directors approved the sale of these 130,000,000 Class C 
shares, authorising the Bank’s head office to determine the sale price (which should not be lower than the average buy back 
price), method and timing of such sales (if any). 
Dividends 
Dividends are paid by the Bank from its net profit in accordance with its articles of incorporation. Under its articles of 
incorporation, the Bank is required to allocate 5% of its net profit towards its statutory reserve fund, 5% as a provision for 
probable losses and 10% as a first contingency reserve. From the balance of net profit, an amount equal to 6% of the Bank’s 
paid-up share capital represented by Class A, B and C shares is distributed to the shareholders as a “first dividend.” Should the 
net profit realised in any year be insufficient to provide for the first dividend of 6%, the balance is to be distributed out of the 
Bank’s contingency reserve fund with such amount constituting a charge to be made up out of profits to be realised in subsequent 
years. Once the first dividend (and, where appropriate, the contingency reserve fund) is provided for, the balance of the net 
profit is distributed as follows: 10% for founder shares (limited to TL 250,000 of paid-up capital), 20% for the employees of

--- Page 175 ---
156 
the Bank and 10% as a second contingency reserve. Once these amounts have been distributed, the balance is distributed to the 
Bank’s shareholders as a “second dividend” in accordance with the Bank’s articles of incorporation. 
The Bank’s General Assembly shall, upon proposal of the Board of Directors, decide whether the balance remaining 
after the distribution and allocation of the Bank’s net profit as specified in the previous paragraph shall be transferred to the 
Bank’s extraordinary reserve funds or carried over to the following year or up to 80% of such amount may be distributed to the 
Bank’s shareholders by dividing the same by the number of shares (with the remaining balance being transferred to the Bank’s 
extraordinary reserve funds or carried over to the following year). 
In 2020 (for net profits from 2019), the Bank did not distribute any dividends for the previous year due to a requirement 
imposed upon all Turkish banks by the BRSA. The following table sets forth details of the Bank’s dividend distributions 
pertaining to the indicated years (all of which consisted entirely of cash dividends) (the dividend pay-out ratio for 2022, if 
dividends are paid out, will be determined based upon dividends determined at the Bank’s general meeting of shareholders on 
30 March 2023). 
 
2020 
2021 
(TL, except percentages)
Class A Shares..........................
279
8,485
Class B Shares ..........................
4,919
17,275
Class C Shares ..........................
681,082,770 
1,346,754,255 
Total.................................. 
681,087,968 
1,346,780,015 
Dividend pay-out ratio (%).......
10.0%
10.0%
Preferential rights 
Under the Bank’s articles of incorporation, existing shareholders have preferential rights with respect to the purchase 
of new shares to be issued by the Bank. The duration and conditions of the exercise of these rights is to be determined by the 
Board of Directors in accordance with the relevant Turkish regulations. To the extent that these preferential rights are not 
exercised in respect of any new shares within the prescribed period, these shares are to be made available for subscription by 
the public. 
Voting rights 
At least one share is needed for participating in any Ordinary or Extraordinary General Assembly. According to 
Article 49 of the Bank’s articles of incorporation, each Group (A) share with a nominal value of 1 Kuruş gives its shareholder 
one voting right, each Group (B) share with a nominal value of 1 Kuruş gives its shareholder one voting right and each 
Group (C) share with a nominal value of 4 Kuruş gives its shareholder four voting rights. Votes may be cast by proxy. 
Privileges 
Holders of Class A shares have additional privileges according to Articles 18 and 19 of the Bank’s articles of 
incorporation. For example, holders of Class A shares: (a) can receive 20 times the number of additional shares in a possible 
distribution of bonus shares issued from the conversion of extraordinary and revaluation reserves generated in accordance with 
the relevant laws and (b) are eligible to exercise 20 times the pre-emption rights per Class A share. 
Furthermore, Class A and B shares, each with a nominal value of one Kuruş, are granted privileges in distribution of 
profits pursuant to Article 58 of the Bank’s articles of incorporation. 
Major Shareholders 
İşbank Personnel Supplementary Pension Fund 
The Pension Fund is a separate legal entity from the Bank and is organised as a private Turkish “foundation” under 
the Turkish Civil Law, operating within the Turkish Regulations of Foundations. All active and retired Turkish employees of 
the Bank are members of the Pension Fund. The aim of the Pension Fund is to provide higher pensions to the Bank’s employees 
when they retire and to provide both employees and pensioners with various social benefits.

--- Page 176 ---
157 
Atatürk’s Shares (The CHP) 
The CHP is the testamentary heir of the Bank’s share capital held initially by Mustafa Kemal Atatürk. The CHP was 
founded on 9 September 1923 approximately one and a half months before the proclamation of Türkiye. The CHP is the first 
official political party of Türkiye and was established by Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, who was also the founder of the Bank. Atatürk 
remained the chairman of the CHP until his death in 1938 when, in line with the provisions of his will, his shares in the Bank 
were transferred to the CHP. 
Under Atatürk’s will, any dividends on the share capital of the Bank held by the CHP are paid to the Turkish Language 
Institute and the Turkish Historical Society. Therefore, the CHP enjoys only representative rights in relation to their shares 
derived from Atatürk’s bequest. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group and its Business – Other Group-Related Risks 
– Large Shareholders.” 
Other Shareholders 
The remaining shares are on free float held by other individual or institutional shareholders who together owned 
34.60% of the Bank’s shares as of 31 December 2022.

--- Page 177 ---
158 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
Under BRSA regulations, related parties of the Bank include: (a) entities or individuals that are directors, shareholders, 
general managers and deputy general managers (and, even if they are employed under different titles, managers who have 
equivalent or higher positions in terms of their responsibilities and powers), (b) the respective spouses and children of any of 
the aforementioned individuals, (c) affiliates and (d) entities under the common management or control of the Bank. The Group 
enters into transactions with related parties in the ordinary course of its business and on an arm’s length basis and will continue 
to do so in the future. See also “The Group and its Business – Related Party Transactions.” 
Restrictions relating to loans extended by the Bank to the members of its Board of Directors are defined in Article 50 
of the Banking Law. The Bank does not extend loans to the members of its Board of Directors other than those allowed by law. 
None of the members of the Bank’s Board of Directors or executive officers has or has had any interest in any 
transaction effected by the Bank and that are or were unusual in their nature or conditions or significant to the business of the 
Bank and that were effected during the current or immediately preceding fiscal year or were effected during an earlier fiscal 
year and remain in any respect outstanding or unperformed. None of these individual transactions are material. 
The Banking Law places limits on a bank’s exposure to related parties. Under the Banking Law, the total amount of 
loans to be extended by a bank to its risk group (i.e., related parties) must not be more than 20% of its own funds. As of 
31 December 2022, the Bank’s total net exposure to its risk group totalled TL 24.3 million, an amount corresponding to 12.18% 
of its own funds; the Bank is therefore within the limits of the Banking Law in terms of its exposure to its subsidiaries and other 
affiliates. 
The following table shows the breakdown of the Group’s business transactions with related parties as of the indicated 
dates: 
 
31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
Amount 
Percentage of 
Related Item 
Amount 
Percentage of 
Related Item 
Amount 
Percentage of 
Related Item 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Cash loans.............
4,089,673
1.01%
4,319,422
0.73%
5,264,500
0.59%
Non-cash loans......
10,372,618
8.44%
17,432,976
8.73%
18,421,430
7.35%
Deposits ................
8,831,076
2.31%
12,089,295
1.96%
19,025,827
2.00%
Derivatives............
–
–
422,104
1.71%
14,841,605
75.87%

--- Page 178 ---
159 
THE TURKISH BANKING SECTOR 
The following information relating to the Turkish banking sector has been provided for background purposes only. 
The information has been extracted from third-party sources that the Bank’s management believes to be reliable but the Bank 
has not independently verified such information. See “Responsibility Statement.” 
The Turkish Banking Sector 
After a phase of consolidation, liquidations and significant regulatory enhancements in the 2000s, the Turkish banking 
sector has experienced a period of stability. The total number of banks (including deposit-taking banks, investment banks and 
development banks) in the sector has held relatively steady since 2008. During this phase, bank combinations have been few 
and changes to the roster have resulted principally from strategic investors purchasing existing local banks. Foreign investors 
have, amongst others, included BBVA, BNP Paribas, Citigroup, HSBC, ING, Bank of China, Intesa Sanpaolo, MUFG 
Bank, Ltd., Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Qatar National Bank and, in the most recent significant acquisition, 
Emirates NBD acquired Sberbank’s stake in Denizbank A.Ş. (“Denizbank”), a mid-sized bank in Türkiye, in 2019. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 52 banks (including domestic and foreign banks but excluding the Central 
Bank) were operating in Türkiye (six participation banks, which conduct their business under different legislation in accordance 
with Islamic banking principles, are not included in this analysis). Thirty-five of these were deposit-taking banks (including the 
Bank) and the remainder were development and investment banks. Among the deposit-taking banks, three banks were state-
controlled banks, eight were private domestic banks, 21 were private foreign banks and three were under the administration of 
the SDIF. 
The Banking Law permits deposit-taking banks to engage in all fields of financial activities, including deposit 
collection, corporate and consumer lending, foreign exchange transactions, capital market activities and securities trading. 
Typically, major commercial banks have nationwide branch networks and provide a full range of banking services, while 
smaller commercial banks focus on wholesale banking. The main objectives of development and investment banks are to 
provide medium-and long-term funding for investment in different sectors. 
Deposit-taking Turkish banks’ total balance sheets have grown at a CAGR of 25.8% from 31 December 2012 to 
31 December 2022, driven by loan book expansion and customer deposits growth, which increased by a CAGR of 24.7% and 
27.1%, respectively, during such period, in each case according to data from the BRSA. Despite strong growth of net loans and 
customer deposits, the Turkish banking sector remains relatively under-penetrated compared to the eurozone. Loans/GDP and 
customer deposits/GDP ratios of the Turkish banking sector were 50.5% and 59.1%, respectively, as of 31 December 2022 
according to BRSA and Turkstat data, whereas 19 countries in the eurozone’s banking sector had average loan and customer 
deposit penetration ratios of 180.9% and 173.3%, respectively, as of the same date based upon data from the ECB.

--- Page 179 ---
160 
The following table shows key indicators for deposit-taking banks in Türkiye as of (or for the period ended on) the 
indicated dates. 
As of (or for the year ended) 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL millions, except percentages)
Balance sheet 
Loans ...............................................................
2,088,599
2,308,603
3,091,047
4,152,545
6,517,978
Total assets ......................................................
3,403,305
3,904,022
5,281,462
7,882,807
12,337,664
Customer deposits............................................
1,899,352
2,351,444
3,133,909
4,746,930
7,970,792
Shareholders’ equity ........................................
367,745
425,808
519,022
615,560
1,227,326
Income statement 
Net interest income..........................................
133,019
146,242
192,159
236,431
682,763
Net fees and commission income ....................
29,760
39,598
35,519
50,964
118,542
Total income....................................................
193,457
230,441
274,818
363,032
990,810
Net Profit.............................................................
47,711
40,986
48,688
77,608
381,896
Key ratios 
Loans to customer deposits ratio .....................
110.0%
98.2%
98.6%
87.5%
81.8%
Net interest margin(1) .......................................
4.0%
4.0%
4.0%
3.9%
6.7%
Return on average shareholders’ equity(2)........
15.0%
11.1%
10.9%
15.0%
50.8%
Capital adequacy ratio .....................................
16.9%
18.0%
18.3%
18.1%
19.2%
____________ 
Source: BRSA monthly bulletin (www.bddk.org.tr) 
(1) Calculated as net interest income/(expense) as a percentage of the average interest-earning assets (securities, performing loans and other interest-earning 
assets) for the applicable period as reported in the BRSA monthly bulletin. 
(2) Calculated as profit as a percentage of the average shareholders’ equity for the applicable period as reported in the BRSA monthly bulletin. 
Competition 
The Turkish banking industry is highly competitive and relatively concentrated with the top 10 deposit-taking banks 
accounting for 93.5% of total assets of deposit-taking banks as of 31 December 2022 according to data from the BRSA. Among 
the top 10 Turkish banks, there are three state-controlled banks - Ziraat, Vakıfbank and Halkbank, which were ranked first, 
second and fourth, respectively, in terms of total assets as of such date according to the bank-only financials published in the 
Public Disclosure Platform (www.kap.gov.tr). These three state-controlled banks accounted for 46.2% of deposit-taking 
Turkish banks’ performing loans and 49.3% of total deposits as of such date according to the BRSA. The top four privately-
owned banks as of such date were the Bank, Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş. (“Garanti”), Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. and 
Akbank T.A.Ş., which in total accounted for 38.9% of deposit-taking Turkish banks’ performing loans and 38.6% of total 
deposits as of such date according to the BRSA. The remaining banks in the top 10 deposit-taking banks in Türkiye as of such 
date included three mid-sized banks, namely QNB Finansbank A.Ş., Denizbank and Türk Ekonomi Bankası A.Ş., which were 
controlled by Qatar National Bank, Emirates NBD and TEB Holding (a joint venture between BNP Paribas and Türkiye’s 
Çolakoğlu Group), respectively, as of such date.

--- Page 180 ---
161 
TURKISH REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 
Regulatory Institutions 
Turkish banks and branches of foreign banks in Türkiye are primarily governed by two regulatory authorities in 
Türkiye, the BRSA and the Central Bank. 
The Role of the BRSA 
In June 1999, the Banks Act No. 4389 (which has been replaced by the Banking Law) established the BRSA. The 
BRSA supervises the application of banking legislation, monitors the banking system and is responsible for ensuring that banks 
observe banking legislation. 
Articles 82 and 93 of the Banking Law state that the BRSA, having the status of a public legal entity with 
administrative and financial autonomy, is established in order to ensure application of the Banking Law and other relevant acts, 
to ensure that savings are protected and to carry out other activities as necessary by issuing regulations within the limits of the 
authority granted to it by the Banking Law. The BRSA is obliged and authorised to take and implement any decisions and 
measures in order to prevent any transaction or action that might jeopardise the rights of depositors and the regular and secure 
operation of banks and/or might lead to substantial damages to the national economy, as well as to ensure efficient functioning 
of the credit system. 
The BRSA has responsibility for all banks operating in Türkiye, including development and investment banks, foreign 
banks and participation banks. The BRSA sets various mandatory ratios such as reserve levels, capital adequacy and liquidity 
ratios. In addition, all banks must provide the BRSA, on a regular and timely basis, information adequate to permit off-site 
analysis by the BRSA of such bank’s financial performance, including balance sheets, profit and loss accounts, board of 
directors’ reports and auditor’s reports. 
The BRSA conducts both on-site and off-site audits and supervises implementation of the provisions of the Banking 
Law and other legislation, examination of all banking operations and analysis of the relationship and balance between assets, 
receivables, equity capital, liabilities, profit and loss accounts and all other factors affecting a bank’s financial structure. 
The Role of the Central Bank 
The Central Bank was founded in 1930 and performs the traditional functions of a central bank, including the issuance 
of bank notes, determining the exchange rate regime in Türkiye jointly with the government and to design and implement this 
regime, maintenance of price stability and continuity, regulation of the money supply, management of official gold and foreign 
exchange reserves, monitoring of the financial system and advising the government on financial matters. The Central Bank 
exercises its powers independently of the government. The Central Bank is empowered to determine the inflation target together 
with the government, and to adopt a monetary policy in compliance with such target. The Central Bank is the only authorised 
and responsible institution for the implementation of such monetary policy. 
The Central Bank has responsibility for all banks operating in Türkiye, including foreign banks. The Central Bank sets 
mandatory reserve levels. In addition, each bank must provide the Central Bank, on a current basis, information adequate to 
permit off-site evaluation of its financial performance, including balance sheets, profit and loss accounts, board of directors’ 
reports and auditor’s reports. 
Pursuant to amendments introduced to the Banking Law in 2020, the Central Bank has been empowered to determine 
maximum interest rates for lending and deposit-taking activities of banks, as well as caps on fees, expenses and commissions 
charged by banks to their clients for any sort of activity. 
Banks Association of Türkiye 
The Banks Association of Türkiye is an organisation that provides limited supervision of and coordination among 
banks (excluding the participation banks) operating in Türkiye. All banks (excluding the participation banks) in Türkiye are 
obligated to become members of this association. As the representative body of the banking sector, the association aims to 
examine, protect and promote its members’ professional interests; however, despite its supervisory and disciplinary functions, 
it does not possess any powers to regulate banking.

--- Page 181 ---
162 
Shareholdings 
The direct or indirect acquisition by a Person of shares that represent 10% or more of the share capital of any bank or 
the direct or indirect acquisition or disposition of such shares by a Person if the total number of shares held by such Person 
increases above or falls below 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% of the share capital of a bank, requires the permission of the BRSA in 
order to preserve full voting and other shareholders’ rights associated with such shares. In addition, irrespective of the thresholds 
above, an assignment and transfer of privileged shares with the right to nominate a member to the board of directors or audit 
committee (or the issuance of new shares with such privileges) is also subject to the authorisation of the BRSA. Additionally, 
the direct or indirect acquisition or transfer of any shares of a legal entity that owns 10% or more of the share capital of a bank 
is subject to the BRSA’s approval if such transfer results in the total number of such legal entity’s shares directly or indirectly 
held by a shareholder increasing above or falling below 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% of the share capital of such legal entity. If such 
approval is not obtained, then the relevant shares would merely entitle their owner to the right to dividends whereas the voting 
and other shareholder rights would be exercised by the SDIF. 
The board of directors of a bank is responsible for taking necessary measures to ascertain that shareholders attending 
a general assembly have obtained the applicable authorisations from the BRSA. If the BRSA determines that a shareholder has 
exercised voting or other shareholders’ rights (other than the right to collect dividends) without due authorisation as described 
in the preceding paragraph, then it is authorised to direct the board of directors of a bank to start the procedure to cancel such 
applicable general assembly resolutions (including by way of taking any necessary precautions concerning such banks within 
its authority under the Banking Law if such procedure has not been started yet). If the shares are obtained on the stock exchange, 
then the BRSA may also impose administrative fines on shareholders who exercise their rights or acquire or transfer shares as 
described in the preceding paragraph without authorisation by the BRSA. In the case that the procedure to cancel such general 
assembly resolutions is not yet started, or such transfer of shares is not deemed appropriate by the BRSA even though the 
procedure to cancel such general assembly resolutions is started, then, upon the notification of the BRSA, the SDIF has the 
authority to exercise such voting and other shareholders’ rights (other than the right to collect dividends and priority rights) 
attributable to such shareholder. 
Lending Limits 
The Banking Law sets out certain lending limits for banks and other financial institutions designed to protect those 
institutions from excessive exposure to any one counterparty (or group of related counterparties). In particular: 
(a) Credits extended to a natural person, a legal entity or a risk group (as defined under Article 49 of the 
Banking Law) in the amounts of 10% or more of a bank’s shareholders’ equity are classified as large credits and the 
total of such credits cannot be more than eight times the bank’s shareholders’ equity.  
(b) The Banking Law restricts the total financial exposure (including extension of credits, issuance of 
guarantees, etc.) that a bank may have to any one customer or a risk group directly or indirectly to 25% of its equity 
capital. Furthermore, a bank, its shareholders holding 10% or more of the bank’s voting rights or the right to nominate 
board members, its board members, its general manager, its deputy general managers and, notwithstanding their title, 
its managers employed in equivalent or higher positions (in each case, and their respective spouses and children) and 
partnerships directly or indirectly, individually or jointly, controlled by any of such persons or a partnership in which 
such persons participate with unlimited liability or in which such persons act as a member of the board of directors or 
general managers constitute a risk group, for which the lending limits are reduced to 20% of a bank’s equity capital, 
subject to the BRSA’s discretion to increase such lending limits up to 25% or to lower it to the legal limit.  
(c) Loans extended to a bank’s shareholders (irrespective of whether they are controlling shareholders or they 
own qualified shares) registered with the share ledger of the bank holding more than 1% of the share capital of the 
bank and their risk groups may not exceed 50% of the bank’s capital equity. 
Non-cash loans, futures and option contracts and other similar contracts, avals, guarantees and suretyships, transactions carried 
out with credit institutions and other financial institutions, transactions carried out with the central governments, central banks 
and banks of the countries accredited with the BRSA, as well as bills, bonds and similar capital market instruments issued or 
guaranteed to be paid by them, and transactions carried out pursuant to such guarantees are taken into account for the purpose 
of calculation of loan limits within the framework of principles and ratios set by the BRSA.

--- Page 182 ---
163 
Pursuant to Article 55 of the Banking Law, the following transactions are exempt from the above-mentioned lending 
limits: 
(a) transactions backed by cash, cash-like instruments and accounts and precious metals, 
(b) transactions carried out with the Turkish Treasury, the Central Bank, the Privatisation Administration, the 
Housing Development Administration of Türkiye, Türkiye’s sovereign wealth fund (Türkiye Varlık Fonu) and its 
management company (Türkiye Varlık Fonu Yönetimi A.Ş.) as well as transactions carried out against bills, bonds and 
other securities issued by or payment of which is guaranteed by these institutions, 
(c) transactions carried out in money markets established by the Central Bank or pursuant to special laws, 
(d) in the event a new loan is extended to the same Person or to the same risk group (but excluding checks 
and credit cards), any increase due to the volatility of exchange rates, taking into consideration the current exchange 
rate of the loans made available earlier in foreign currency (or exchange rate), at the date when the new loan was 
extended; as well as interest accrued on overdue loans, dividends and other elements, 
(e) equity participations acquired due to any capital increases at no cost and any increase in the value of equity 
participations not requiring any fund outflow, 
(f) transactions carried out among banks on the basis set out by the BRSA, 
(g) equity participations acquired through underwriting commitments in public offerings; provided that such 
participations are disposed of in a manner and at a time determined by the BRSA, 
(h) transactions that are taken into account as deductibles in calculation of equity, and 
(i) other transactions to be determined by the BRSA. 
Expected Credit Losses 
Pursuant to Article 53 of the Banking Law, banks must formulate, implement and regularly review policies regarding 
compensation for losses that have arisen or are likely to arise in connection with loans and other receivables and to reserve an 
adequate level of provisions against depreciation or impairment in the value of other assets, for qualification and classification 
of assets, receipt of guarantees and securities and measurement of their value and reliability. In addition, such policies must 
address issues such as monitoring loans under review, write-off of such loans in accordance with Turkish Financial Reporting 
Standards as published by the POA, follow-up procedures and the repayment (including restructuring) of loans. All special 
provisions set aside for loans in accordance with this article are considered to be expenditures deductible from the corporate tax 
base in the year in which they are set aside. Loans written off as per this article due to the loss of recovery possibility after 
setting aside special provisions are to be recorded as bad debt. 
Procedures relating to expected credit losses for NPLs are set out in Article 53 of the Banking Law and in regulations 
issued by the BRSA (principally through the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, which entered into force as of 
1 January 2018 and replaced the former regulation). Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, banks 
are required to classify their loans and other receivables into one of the following groups: 
(a) Group I: Loans of a Standard Nature: This group involves each loan (which, for purposes of the 
Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, includes other receivables, and shall be understood as such 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus): 
(i) that has been disbursed to financially creditworthy natural persons and legal entities, 
(ii) the principal and interest payments of which have been structured according to the solvency and 
cash flow of the debtor, 
(iii) repayments of which have been made within due dates or have not been overdue for more than 
30 days, for which no repayment problems are expected in the future, and that have the ability to be collected 
in full without recourse to any collateral,

--- Page 183 ---
164 
(iv) for which no weakening of the creditworthiness of the applicable debtor has been found, and 
(v) to which 12 month expected credit loss reserve applies under TFRS 9. 
On 27 March 2020 (with retroactive effect from 17 March 2020), the BRSA (as part of the measures taken 
against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic) announced a temporary rule (effective until 31 December 2020) 
providing that the 30 days referred to in clause (iii) is replaced with 90 days, resulting in a 60-day extension in the 
period for loans remaining categorised as Group I loans before being categorised as Group II loans. On 8 December 
2020, the BRSA extended this temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which (on 17 June 2021) was then further extended 
through 30 September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of this 
temporary rule on 30 September 2021, it would still apply to loans classified (as per this provisional measure) as 
Group I loans that were overdue for more than 31 days but not more than 90 days as of 1 October 2021. 
(b) Group II: Loans Under Close Monitoring: This group involves each loan: 
(i) that has been extended to financially creditworthy natural persons and legal entities and where 
negative changes in the debtor’s solvency or cash flow have been observed or predicted due to adverse events 
in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates, or other adverse events solely 
related to the respective debtor, 
(ii) that needs to be closely monitored due to reasons such as significant financial risk carried by the 
debtor at the time of the utilisation of the loan, 
(iii) in connection with which problems are likely to occur as to principal and interest payments 
under the conditions of the loan agreement, and where such problems (in case not resolved) might result in 
non-payment risk before recourse to any collateral, 
(iv) although the creditworthiness of the debtor has not weakened in comparison with its 
creditworthiness on the day the loan is granted, there is likelihood of such weakening due to the debtor’s 
irregular and unmanageable cash flow, 
(v) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which are overdue for more than 30 but 
less than 90 days following any payment due date (including the maturity date) for reasons that cannot be 
interpreted as a weakening in creditworthiness, 
(vi) in connection with which the credit risk of the debtor has notably increased pursuant to TFRS 9, 
(vii) repayments of which are fully dependent upon collateral and the net realisable value of such 
collateral falls under the receivable amount, 
(viii) that has been subject to restructuring when monitored under Group I or Group II without being 
subject to classification as an NPL, or 
(ix) that has been subject to restructuring while being monitored as an NPL and classified as a 
performing loan upon satisfaction of the relevant conditions stated in the regulation. 
On 27 March 2020 (with retroactive effect from 17 March 2020), the BRSA (as part of the measures taken 
against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic) announced a temporary rule (effective until 31 December 2020) 
providing that the 30 days referred to in clause (v) is replaced with 90 days, resulting in a 60-day extension in the 
period for loans remaining categorised as Group I loans before being categorised as Group II loans. On 8 December 
2020, the BRSA extended this temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which (on 17 June 2021) was then further extended 
through 30 September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of this 
temporary rule on 30 September 2021, it would still apply to loans classified (as per this provisional measure) as 
Group II loans that were overdue for more than 91 days but not more than 180 days as of 1 October 2021. 
(c) Group III: Loans with Limited Recovery: This group involves each loan: 
(i) in connection with which the debtor’s creditworthiness has weakened,

--- Page 184 ---
165 
(ii) that demonstrates limited possibility for the collection of the full amount due to the insufficiency 
of net realisable value of the collateral or the debtor’s resources to meet the collection of the full amount on 
the due date without any recourse to the collateral, and that would likely result in losses in case such problems 
are not resolved, 
(iii) collection of the principal and/or interest of which has/have been delayed for more than 90 days 
but not more than 180 days from the payment due date, 
(iv) in connection with which the bank is of the opinion that collection by the bank of the principal 
or interest of the loan or both will be delayed for more than 90 days from the payment due date owing to 
reasons such as the debtor’s difficulties in financing working capital or in creating additional liquidity as a 
result of adverse events in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates or other 
adverse events solely related to the debtor, or 
(v) that has been classified as a performing loan after restructuring but principal and/or interest 
payments of which have been overdue for more than 30 days within one year of restructuring or have been 
subject to another restructuring within a year of a previous restructuring. 
On 17 March 2020, the BRSA (as part of the measures taken against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic) 
implemented a temporary rule (effective until 31 December 2020) providing that the 90 days referred to in clauses (iii) 
and (iv) are replaced with 180 days, resulting in loans remaining categorised as Group II loans longer. The temporary 
rule did not provide any guidance as to classification of loans with payment delays of more than 180 days; however, it 
might be the case that such loans would bypass Group III and become Group IV loans. This temporary rule also 
suspended the application of clause (v) through 31 December 2020. On 8 December 2020, the BRSA extended this 
temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which (other than the suspension of the application of clause (v)) was on 17 June 
2021 further extended through 30 September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that, 
notwithstanding the expiration of this temporary rule on 30 September 2021, it would still apply to loans classified (as 
per this provisional measure) as Group II loans that were overdue for more than 91 days but not more than 180 days 
as of 1 October 2021. 
(d) Group IV: Loans with Suspicious Recovery: This group involves each loan: 
(i) principal and/or interest payments of which will probably not be repaid in full under the terms of 
the loan agreement without recourse to any collateral, 
(ii) in connection with which the debtor’s creditworthiness has significantly deteriorated, but which 
loan is not considered as an actual loss due to expected factors such as merger, the possibility of finding new 
financing or a capital increase to enhance the debtor’s creditworthiness or the possibility of the credit being 
collected, 
(iii) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue for more than 
180 days but less than one year following any payment due date (including the maturity date), or 
(iv) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which is expected to be overdue for more 
than 180 days following any payment due date (including the maturity date) as a result of adverse events in 
macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates or adverse events solely related to 
the debtor. 
(e) Group V: Loans Considered as Losses: This group involves each loan: 
(i) for which, as a result of the complete loss of the debtor’s creditworthiness, no collection is 
expected or only a negligible part of the total receivable amount is expected to be collected, 
(ii) although having the characteristics stated in Groups III and IV, the collection of the total 
receivable amount of which, albeit due and payable, is unlikely within a period exceeding one year, or 
(iii) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue for more than 
one year following any payment due date.

--- Page 185 ---
166 
Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, the following loans are classified as NPLs: (a) loans 
that are classified under Groups III, IV and V, (b) loans the debtors of which are deemed to have defaulted pursuant to the 
Communiqué on the Calculation of Principal Subject to Credit Risk by Internal-Ratings Based Approaches (published in the 
Official Gazette dated 23 October 2015 and numbered 29511) or (c) loans to which, as a result of debtor’s default, the lifetime 
expected credit loss reserve applies under TFRS 9. Financial guarantees are also classified as NPLs on the basis of their nominal 
amounts in case where: (i) a risk of a compensation claim by the creditor has occurred or (ii) the debt assumed under the relevant 
financial guarantee falls within the scope of any of the circumstances stated in clause (a), (b) or (c). If several loans have been 
extended to a debtor by the same bank and any of these loans is classified as an NPL, then all other loans extended to such 
debtor by such bank shall also be classified as NPLs; however, for consumer loans, even if any of these loans is classified as an 
NPL, other consumer loans granted to the same debtor may be classified in the respective applicable group other than Group I. 
According to the decisions of the BRSA dated 15 November 2018 and numbered 8095 and dated 1 August 2019 and numbered 
5477, KGF-guaranteed loans (which are supported by the Turkish Treasury) and loans restructured within the scope of the 
Framework Agreement will not be classified as NPLs unless there is an overdue amount for more than 90 days following the 
due date; however, pursuant to March 2020 amendments to the rules, the 90 day limit was increased to 180 days until 
31 December 2020. On 8 December 2020, the BRSA extended this temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which (on 17 June 2021) 
was then further extended through 30 September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that, notwithstanding the 
expiration of this temporary rule on 30 September 2021, it would still apply to loans that were overdue for more than 91 days 
but not more than 180 days as of 1 October 2021. On 8 July 2021, the BRSA published amendments to the Regulation on Loan 
Transactions of Banks, pursuant to which amendments a resolution mechanism regarding restructured loans and NPLs is 
required to be implemented by banks whose gross NPLs are equal to or exceed 0.5% of the total NPLs in the Turkish banking 
sector. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is in the process of implementing such resolution mechanism as its 
NPLs exceed the relevant threshold. 
On 27 November 2019, the BRSA published an amendment to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, 
which was retroactively made effective from 19 July 2019. According to this amendment, if the portion of a loan for which a 
lifelong expected loan loss provision or special provision has been set aside due to the debtor’s default and that is classified 
under Group V is not reasonably expected to be recovered, then such portion/loan may (as an accounting matter) be written 
down within the scope of TFRS 9 as of the first fiscal reporting period following its classification under Group V. On 6 July 
2021, the BRSA further amended the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, pursuant to which amendments banks 
are allowed to write-down such portion/loan within a period that is deemed appropriate by the bank; however, banks are required 
to justify and record the relevant time period and have the relevant documents available for audit. 
The Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation includes detailed rules and criteria in relation to concepts of 
the “reclassification” and “restructuring” of loans. The reclassification of NPLs as performing loans is subject to the following 
conditions: (a) all overdue repayments that have caused the relevant loan to be classified as an NPL have been collected in full 
without any recourse to any security, (b) as of the date of the reclassification, there has not been any overdue repayment and 
the last two repayments preceding such date (except the repayments mentioned in clause (a)) have been realised in full by their 
due date, and (c) conditions for such loans to be classified under Group I or II have been fulfilled. Furthermore, loans that have 
been fully or partially written-down by the banks in their assets, security for which loans has been enforced to satisfy the debt 
or repayment of which has been made in kind, cannot be classified as a performing loan. On 6 July 2021, the BRSA introduced 
amendments to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, pursuant to which amendments banks are required to 
keep the criteria for reclassification of NPLs in written form and make the relevant documents available for audit. According 
to non-public BRSA decisions dated 8 November 2019 and 8 December 2020, loans that are partially repaid through the 
foreclosure on collateral or have been paid in kind were exempt from this regulation through 30 June 2021. 
The restructuring of a loan consists of: (a) amendments to the conditions of the loan agreement or (b) partial or full 
refinancing of the loan. In this respect, an NPL may be reclassified as a restructured loan under Group II subject to the following 
conditions: (i) upon evaluation of the financial standing of the debtor, it has been determined that the conditions for the 
applicable loan to be classified as an NPL have disappeared, (ii) the loan has been monitored as an NPL at least for one year 
following restructuring, (iii) as of the date of reclassification as a Group II loan, there has not been any delay in principal and/or 
interest payments nor are there any expectation of any such delay in the future, and (iv) overdue payments and/or written-down 
principal payments in relation to the restructured loan have been collected. According to a non-public BRSA decision on 
8 November 2019, the one year period described in clause (ii) was reduced to six months; however, per the decision of the 
BRSA dated 17 June 2021, such rule was terminated as of 30 June 2021. Furthermore, such restructured NPL being reclassified 
as a performing Group II loan may be excluded from the scope of the restructuring if all the following conditions are met: (A) 
such loan has been monitored as a restructured loan under Group II at least for one year, (B) at least 10% of the outstanding 
debt amount has been repaid during such one year monitoring period, (C) there has not been any delay of more than 30 days in 
principal and/or interest payments of any loan extended to the applicable debtor during such monitoring period and (D) the 
financial difficulty that led to the restructuring of the loan no longer exists. Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and

--- Page 186 ---
167 
Provisions Regulation, banks applying TFRS 9 may reclassify their performing loans, which had been previously classified as 
restructured loans under Group II, under Group I again following a minimum three month monitoring period, subject to the 
satisfaction of the requirements listed under clauses (C) and (D) above (regardless of the conditions under clauses (A) and (B) 
stated above). In addition, the modification of a contract and/or partially or totally refinancing a Group I loan of a debtor who 
is not in financial difficulty is not considered to be a restructuring and such loans can continue to be classified under Group I. 
Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, the general rule is that banks shall apply provisions 
for their loans pursuant to TFRS 9; however, the BRSA may, on an exceptional basis, authorise a bank to apply the applicable 
provisions set forth in the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation instead of those required by TFRS 9, subject to 
the presence of detailed and acceptable grounds. With respect to the requirements under TFRS 9, “twelve-months expected 
credit loss reserve” and “lifetime expected credit loss reserve set aside due to significant increase in credit risk profile of the 
debtor” are considered as general provisions while “lifetime expected credit loss reserve set aside due to debtor’s default” is 
considered as special provisions. 
Under Articles 10 and 11 of the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, banks that have been authorised 
not to apply provisions under TFRS 9 are required to set aside general provisions for at least 1.5% and 3.0% of their total cash 
loans portfolio under Groups I and II, respectively. For non-cash loans, undertakings and derivatives, general provisions to be 
set aside are calculated by applying the foregoing percentages to the risk-weighted amounts determined pursuant to the Capital 
Adequacy Regulation. Subject to the presence of a written pledge or assignment agreement, loans secured with cash, deposit, 
participation funds and gold deposit accounts, bonds that are issued by the Turkish government (including the Central Bank) 
and guarantees and sureties provided by such are not subject to the general set aside calculation. Loans extended to the Turkish 
government (including the Central Bank) are not required to be considered in such calculation. As to special provisions, banks 
are required to set aside provisions for NPLs under Groups III, IV and V of at least 20%, 50%, and 100%, respectively, of the 
incurred credit loss. 
For general provisions, banks are required to set aside provisions (separately) as per country risks and transfer risks, 
and, for special provisions, banks are required to consider country risks and transfer risks. In addition, the BRSA may increase 
such provision requirements for certain banks or loans taking into account the concentration, from time to time, of matters such 
as the size, type, due date, currency, interest structure, sector to which loans are extended, geographic circumstances, collateral 
and the credit risk level and management. 
Regarding the monitoring of security by the banks that have been authorised not to apply provisions under TFRS 9, 
the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation increased the number of categories on collaterals (from four to five), 
amended the content of such categories, and amended the proportions to be deducted, in order to determine the net realisable 
values of the collaterals, from the borrower’s NPLs as follows: 
Category 
Discount Rate 
Category I collateral ....................
100%
Category II collateral ...................
80%
Category III collateral..................
60%
Category IV collateral..................
40%
Category V collateral ..................
20%
According to amendments to the Equity Regulation and the Capital Adequacy Regulation that became effective as of 
1 January 2022, general provisions would, from that date, no longer be allowed to be included in a bank’s supplementary capital 
(i.e., tier 2 capital); however, on 24 December 2021, the BRSA revoked these amendments. As such, these general provisions 
are included in supplementary capital and not deducted from a bank’s risk-weighted assets. 
Capital Adequacy 
Article 45 of the Banking Law defines “capital adequacy” as having adequate capital against losses that could arise 
from the risks encountered. Pursuant to the same article, banks must calculate, achieve, maintain and report their capital 
adequacy ratio, which, within the framework of the BRSA’s regulations, cannot be less than 8% (excluding capital buffers). In 
addition, as a prudential requirement, the BRSA requires a target capital adequacy ratio that is 4% higher than the regulatory 
capital ratio of 8% (in each case, excluding capital buffers).

--- Page 187 ---
168 
The BRSA is authorised to increase the minimum capital adequacy ratio and the minimum consolidated capital 
adequacy ratio, to set different ratios for each bank and to revise risk weights of assets that are based upon participation accounts, 
but must consider each bank’s internal systems as well as its asset and financial structures. 
The Equity Regulation defines capital of a bank as the sum of: (a) principal capital (i.e., tier 1 capital), which is 
composed of core capital (i.e., CET1 capital) and additional principal capital (i.e., additional tier 1 capital) and (b) 
supplementary capital (i.e., tier 2 capital) minus capital deductions. Pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which entered 
into force on 31 March 2016: (i) both the unconsolidated and consolidated minimum CET1 capital adequacy ratios are 4.5% 
and (ii) both unconsolidated and consolidated minimum tier 1 capital adequacy ratios are 6.0%. 
The BRSA published several new regulations and communiqués or amendments to its existing regulations and 
communiqués (as published in the Official Gazette No. 29511 dated 23 October 2015 and No. 29599 dated 20 January 2016) 
in accordance with the Regulatory Consistency Assessment Programme (“RCAP”) of the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (the “Basel Committee”), which is conducted by the Bank for International Settlements (the “BIS”) with a view to 
ensure Türkiye’s compliance with Basel regulations. These included amendments to the Equity Regulation and the entry into 
force of the Capital Adequacy Regulation, both on 31 March 2016. The Capital Adequacy Regulation sustained the capital 
adequacy ratios introduced by the former regulation but changed the risk weights of certain items, including: (a) the risk weights 
of foreign currency-denominated required reserves held with the Central Bank from 0% to 50%; however, on 24 February 2017, 
the BRSA amended its guidance to allow foreign exchange-denominated required reserves held with the Central Bank to be 
subject to a 0% risk weight, and (b) the exclusion of the general reserve for possible losses from capital calculations. If, during 
a fiscal period, general provisions recorded during previous fiscal periods are reversed, then the net income for such later period 
is increased by the amount of such reversals, which thus increases shareholders’ equity. 
The Capital Adequacy Regulation also lowered the risk weights of certain assets and credit conversion factors, 
including reducing: (a) the risk weights of residential mortgage loans from 50% to 35%, (b) the risk weights of consumer loans 
(excluding residential mortgage loans) qualifying as retail loans (perakende alacaklar) in accordance with the Capital Adequacy 
Regulation and instalment payments of credit cards from a range of 100% to 250% (depending upon their outstanding tenor) to 
75% (irrespective of their tenor) (on 1 July 2021, the BRSA increased the risk weighting for consumer credit card instalment 
payments and consumer cash loans (excluding mortgage loans and auto loans) issued after 1 July 2021 to a range of 100% to 
150% depending upon their tenor); provided that such receivables are not reclassified as NPLs, and (c) the credit conversion 
factors of commitments for credit cards and overdrafts from 20% to 0%. As of 7 February 2017, the BRSA published a decision 
that enables banks to use 0% risk weightings for Turkish Lira-denominated exposures guaranteed by the KGF and supported 
by the Turkish Treasury. On 12 June 2018, the BRSA announced its decision (dated 7 June 2018 and numbered 7841) to amend 
the per customer total risk limit for loans described in clause (b), which is the upper limit for such loans subjected to the 75% 
risk weight, from TL 4,200,000 to TL 5,500,000, which was then increased to TL 7,000,000 on 18 January 2019, TL 10,000,000 
on 21 December 2021 and TL 20,000,000 on 31 January 2023. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, on 23 March 2020 and 
16 April 2020, the BRSA announced regulatory forbearance measures that allow banks to: (i) use in their calculations of risk-
weighted assets for credit risk exposures from March 2020 through 31 December 2020 (as per the decision dated 8 December 
2020, extended through 30 June 2021) the foreign exchange rates that are used in their 2019 year-end financial statements, (ii) 
use 0% risk weightings for foreign currency-denominated receivables owed by the centralised administration (i.e., Turkish state 
institutions and other public institutions that do not have a separate legal entity and act under the legal entity of the Turkish 
sovereign) while calculating the amount of exposure subject to credit risk in accordance with the standardised approach as 
determined under the Capital Adequacy Regulation and (iii) calculate the level of capital used in capital adequacy ratio 
calculations by disregarding through 31 December 2020 (as per the BRSA’s decision dated 8 December 2020, extended through 
30 June 2021) the negative net valuation differences related to securities held as of 23 March 2020 in the portfolio of financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income; however, on 17 June 2021, the BRSA indefinitely suspended the 
application of clause (iii) from 30 June 2021, and, as per its decision dated 21 December 2021, ended the suspension other than 
for the “securities whose fair value difference is reflected in other comprehensive income” were negative as of 21 December 
2021 (for “securities after 21 December 2021 whose fair value difference is reflected in other comprehensive income,” the 
relevant provisions of the Regulation on Banks’ Equity will continue to be implemented) and, as for the application of clause (i), 
determined that until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the average of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange 
buying rates during the 252 business days before the calculation date when calculating the risk-weighted amounts of credit risk 
exposures and the relevant special provision amounts as per TFRS for both cash and non-cash assets other than assets in foreign 
currency measured on a historical cost basis instead of using the relevant foreign exchange buying rate as of the calculation 
date (on 21 December 2021, the BRSA announced that, as of 1 January 2022 until otherwise determined by the BRSA, banks 
shall (if using this approach) use the average of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates during the 252 business days 
ending on 31 December 2021; on 28 April 2022, the BRSA amended this rule so that, until such date as determined by the 
BRSA, banks may use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 31 December 2021 in certain capital and other

--- Page 188 ---
169 
calculations, and on 31 January 2023 the BRSA further amended this rule so that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, 
banks may use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 30 December 2022 in such calculations). 
On 1 July 2021, the BRSA increased the risk-weights applicable for personal credit cards and consumer loans provided 
after such date from 75% to 100% or 150% depending upon the remaining maturity of the relevant receivables. 
On 28 April 2022, the BRSA increased the risk-weights applicable to commercial cash loans provided after 1 May 
2022 from a range of 20-150% to 200%; provided that the following are excluded: (a) loans provided to SMEs, financial 
institutions, individuals and/or certain governmental authorities and their subsidiaries and (b) export and investment loans, 
agricultural loans and corporate credit cards. On 14 February 2023, as a result of two large earthquakes in Kahramanmaraş on 
6 February 2023 that affected 10 different cities, the BRSA announced that such risk-weights shall (until 1 January 2024) not 
be applied to the personal credit cards and consumer loans and commercial cash loans provided after 6 February 2023 to 
customers located in the cities affected by such earthquakes. On 23 February 2023, the BRSA extended such provisional 
measures to other regions that satisfy certain criteria to be considered disaster areas. 
On 23 June and 7 July 2022, the BRSA also increased the risk weights applicable to: (i) Turkish Lira- and foreign 
currency-denominated commercial cash loans to be utilised by Turkish legal or natural residents who have performed derivative 
transactions with non-residents after 23 June 2022 and (ii) Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans if the lending bank 
determines that the documents provided by the borrower are inadequate according to the BRSA’s limitations on borrowings by 
companies with foreign currency-denominated assets above a certain threshold, in each case to 500% regardless of their credit 
risk mitigation technique, mortgage or credit rating notes. 
Amendments to the Equity Regulation introduced certain limitations to the items that are included in the capital 
calculations of banks that have issued additional tier 1 and tier 2 instruments prior to 1 January 2014. According to these 
amendments, tier 2 instruments that were issued (among others) after 1 January 2013 are included in tier 2 calculations only if 
they satisfy all of the Tier 2 Conditions. 
On 11 July 2017, clause 9(8)(b) of the Equity Regulation was repealed. In this context, the excess amount mentioned 
in Article 57 of the Banking Law (i.e., “the total book value of the real property owned by a bank cannot exceed 50% of its 
capital base”), and the commodity goods and properties that banks acquire due to their receivables (e.g., foreclosed-upon 
collateral) but have not disposed within three years, are no longer deducted from a bank’s capital base. 
In 2013, the BRSA published the Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital Buffers, which 
entered into force on 1 January 2014 and provides additional core capital requirements both on a consolidated and 
unconsolidated basis. Pursuant to this regulation, the additional core capital requirements are to be calculated by the 
multiplication of the amount of risk-weighted assets by the sum of a capital conservation buffer ratio and bank-specific 
countercyclical buffer ratio. According to this regulation, the capital conservation buffer for banks was set at 1.875% for 2018 
and 2.500% for 2019 and thereafter. Pursuant to decisions of the BRSA, the countercyclical capital buffer required for Turkish 
banks’ exposures in Türkiye was initially set at 0% of a bank’s risk-weighted assets in Türkiye; however, such ratio might 
fluctuate between 0% and 2.5% as announced from time to time by the BRSA. Any increase to the countercyclical capital buffer 
ratio is to be effective one year after the relevant public announcement, whereas any reduction is to be effective as of the date 
of the relevant public announcement. 
In 2013, the BRSA also published the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Leverage Levels of Banks 
(which entered into force on 1 January 2014 with the exception of certain provisions that entered into effect on 1 January 2015), 
seeking to constrain leverage in the banking system and ensure maintenance of adequate equity on a consolidated and 
unconsolidated basis against leverage risks (including measurement error in the risk-based capital measurement approach). 
In February 2016, the BRSA issued the D-SIBs Regulation in line with the Basel Committee standards, introducing a 
methodology for assessing the degree to which banks are considered to be systemically important to the Turkish domestic 
market and setting out the additional capital requirements for those banks classified as D-SIBs. The contemplated methodology 
uses an indicator-based approach to identify and classify D-SIBs in Türkiye under four different categories: size, 
interconnectedness, lack of substitutability and complexity. Initially, a score for each bank is to be calculated based upon their 
2014 year-end consolidated financial statements by assessing each bank’s position against a threshold score to be determined 
by the BRSA. The D-SIBs Regulation requires banks identified as D-SIBs to maintain a capital buffer depending upon their 
respective classification. These buffers are applied as 3% for Group 4 banks, 2% for Group 3 banks, 1.5% for Group 2 banks 
and 1% for Group 1 banks. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is classified as a Group 2 D-SIB under the D-SIBs 
Regulation.

--- Page 189 ---
170 
Furthermore, the Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios seeks to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level of 
unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets that can be converted into cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day period. 
The Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios provides that the ratio of the high quality asset stock to the net cash outflows, 
both of which are calculated in line with the regulation, cannot be lower than 100% in respect of total consolidated and 
unconsolidated liquidity and 80% in respect of consolidated and unconsolidated foreign exchange liquidity; however, pursuant 
to the BRSA Decision on Liquidity Ratios, for the period between 5 January 2015 and 31 December 2015, such ratios were 
applied as 60% and 40%, respectively, and such ratios were increased by 10 percentage points for each year from 1 January 
2016 until 1 January 2019. The BRSA Decision on Liquidity Ratios further provides that a 0% liquidity adequacy ratio limit 
applies to deposit banks. On 15 August 2017, the BRSA revised from 50% to 100% the ratio of required reserves held with the 
Central Bank that can be included in liquidity calculations. Unconsolidated total and foreign currency liquidity coverage ratios 
cannot be non-compliant more than six times within a calendar year, which includes non-compliances that have already been 
remedied. 
Pursuant to the Equity Regulation, if a Turkish bank invests in debt instruments of other banks or financial institutions 
that are already invested in that Turkish bank’s additional tier 1 or tier 2 capital, then the amount of such debt instrument (and 
their issuance premia) are required to be deducted when calculating that Turkish bank’s additional tier 1 or tier 2 capital (as 
applicable). 
On 7 June 2018, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Debt Instruments to be included in the Calculation of 
Banks’ Equity, which sets forth procedures and principles for the write-up and write-down of the debt instruments or loans that 
are included in the calculation of banks’ equity (i.e., additional tier 1 and tier 2 capital) as well as procedures and principles 
related to conversion of such debt instruments into shares. 
See also a discussion of the implementation of Basel III in “-Basel Committee - Basel III” below. 
Tier 2 Rules 
Previous Tier 2 Rules. Secondary subordinated debts were, through 31 December 2013, regulated under the 2006 
Equity Regulation. This section thus describes the rules previously applicable to the Bank’s secondary subordinated debts that 
were issued before 1 January 2014, which rules continue to apply to such subordinated debts notwithstanding the Equity 
Regulation. 
According to the 2006 Equity Regulation, the net worth of a bank (i.e., the bank’s own funds) consists of main capital 
and supplementary capital minus capital deductions. In the relevant definition, “secondary subordinated loans” (which as 
defined can also include bonds) are listed as one of the items that constitute a bank’s supplementary capital (i.e., tier 2 capital); 
however, loans provided to the banks by their affiliates or debt instruments issued to their affiliates do not fall within the scope 
of such “secondary subordinated loans.” Unless temporarily permitted by the BRSA in exceptional cases, the portion of primary 
subordinated debts that is not included in the calculation of tier 1 capital plus the total secondary subordinated debts that, in 
aggregate, exceeds 50% of tier 1 capital is not taken into consideration in the calculation of tier 2 capital. During the final five 
years of a secondary subordinated debt, the amount thereof to be taken into account in the calculation of the tier 2 capital would 
be reduced by 20% per year. In addition, any secondary subordinated debt with a remaining maturity of less than one year is 
not included in the calculation of tier 2 capital. Any cash credits extended by the bank to the provider(s) of the “secondary 
subordinated loans” (if debt instruments, to the investor(s) holding 10% or more thereof) and any debt instruments issued by 
such provider(s) (or investor(s)) and purchased by the bank are also deducted from the amount to be used in the calculation of 
the tier 2 capital. A secondary subordinated debt is taken into account in the calculation of tier 2 capital on the date of the 
accounting of such secondary subordinated debt on the books of the relevant bank. 
The 2006 Equity Regulation requires banks to obtain the prior permission of the BRSA for a debt to be classified as a 
“secondary subordinated loan.” In order to obtain such permission, the bank must submit to the BRSA the original copy or a 
notarised copy of the applicable agreement(s), and if an applicable agreement is not yet signed, a draft of such agreement (with 
submission of its original or a notarised copy to the BRSA within five business days of the signing of such agreement). The 
BRSA would, in considering any such request for its permission, determine if the credit in question meets the following criteria: 
(a) the debt must have an initial maturity of at least five years and the agreement must contain express 
provisions that prepayment of the principal cannot be made before the expiry of the five-year period and the creditors 
waive their rights to make any set-offs against the bank with respect to such debt; it being understood that interest and 
other charges may be payable during such five year period,

--- Page 190 ---
171 
(b) there may be no more than one repayment option before the maturity of the debt and, if there is a repayment 
option before maturity, the date of exercising the option must be clearly defined, 
(c) the creditors must have agreed expressly in the agreement that in the event of dissolution and liquidation 
of the bank, such debt will be repaid before any payment to shareholders for their capital return and payments on 
primary subordinated debts but after all other debts, 
(d) it must be stated in the agreement that the debt is not related to any derivative operation or contract 
violating the condition stated in clause (c) or tied to any guarantee or security, in one way or another, directly or 
indirectly, and the debts cannot be assigned to any affiliates of the bank, 
(e) it must be utilised as one single drawdown if utilised in the form of a loan and it must be wholly collected 
in cash if in the form of a debt instrument, and 
(f) payment before maturity is subject to approval of the BRSA. 
If the interest rate applied to a secondary subordinated debt is not explicitly indicated in the loan agreement or the text 
of the debt instrument or if the interest rate is excessively high compared to that of similar loans or debt instruments, then the 
BRSA might not authorise the inclusion of the loan or debt instrument in the calculation of tier 2 capital. 
In cases where the parties subsequently agree that a secondary subordinated debt be prepaid prior to its stated maturity 
(but in any event after the fifth anniversary of its utilisation), they would be required to apply for the BRSA’s permission. Upon 
any such application, the BRSA would, in its sole discretion, determine if any such prepayment would adversely affect the 
bank’s credit lines and limits or its compliance with the applicable standard ratios and give or decline to give its consent 
accordingly. 
In connection with secondary subordinated debts pursuant to which it has been agreed that a prepayment option shall 
be available and the remaining maturity is calculated by way of taking into account the originally agreed maturity date (i.e., not 
on the basis of the prepayment option date), such prepayment option can only be exercised with the consent of the BRSA, which 
would apply the criteria stated above. 
Amendments to the Equity Regulation introduced certain limitations to the items that are included in the capital 
calculations of banks that have issued additional tier 1 and tier 2 instruments prior to 1 January 2014. While the Group does not 
have any additional tier 1 instruments, according to these amendments, tier 2 instruments that were issued (among others) after 
1 January 2013 are included in tier 2 calculations only if they satisfy all of the tier 2 conditions. 
New Tier 2 Rules. According to the Equity Regulation, which came into force on 1 January 2014, tier 2 capital shall 
be calculated by subtracting capital deductions from general provisions that are set aside for receivables and/or the surplus of 
provisions and capital deductions with respect to expected loss amounts for receivables (as the case may be, depending upon 
the method used by the bank to calculate the credit risk amounts of the applicable receivables) and the debt instruments that 
have been approved by the BRSA upon the application of the board of directors of the applicable bank along with a written 
statement confirming compliance of the debt instruments with the conditions set forth below and their issuance premia (the 
“New Tier 2 Conditions”): 
(a) the debt instrument shall have been issued by the bank and approved by the CMB and shall have been 
fully collected in cash, 
(b) in the event of dissolution of the bank, the debt instrument shall have priority over debt instruments that 
are included in additional tier 1 capital and shall be subordinated with respect to rights of deposit holders and all other 
creditors, 
(c) the debt instrument shall not be related to any derivative operation or contract, nor shall it be tied to any 
guarantee or security, in one way or another, directly or indirectly, in a manner that violates the condition stated in 
clause (b), 
(d) the debt instrument must have an initial maturity of at least five years and shall not include any provision 
that may incentivise prepayment, such as dividends and increase of interest rate,

--- Page 191 ---
172 
(e) if the debt instrument includes a prepayment option, such option shall be exercisable no earlier than five 
years after issuance and only with the approval of the BRSA; approval of the BRSA is subject to the following 
conditions: 
(i) the bank should not create any market expectation that the option will be exercised by the bank, 
and 
(ii)(A) the debt instrument shall be replaced by another debt instrument either of the same quality or 
higher quality, and such replacement shall not have a restrictive effect on the bank’s ability to sustain its 
operations or (B) following the exercise of the option, the equity of the bank shall exceed the higher of: (1) 
the capital adequacy requirement that is to be calculated pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation along 
with the BRSA’s Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital Buffers published on 
5 November 2013, (2) the capital requirement derived as a result of an ICAAP of the bank and (3) the higher 
capital requirement set by the BRSA (if any); 
however, if tax legislation or other regulations are materially amended, a prepayment option may be exercised; 
provided that the above conditions in this clause (e) are met and the BRSA approves, 
(f) the debt instrument shall not provide investors with the right to demand early amortisation except for 
during a bankruptcy or dissolution process relating to the issuer, 
(g) the debt instrument’s dividend or interest payments shall not be linked to the creditworthiness of the issuer, 
(h) the debt instrument shall not be: (i) purchased by the issuer or by corporations controlled by the issuer or 
significantly under the influence of the issuer or (ii) assigned to such entities, and its purchase shall not be directly or 
indirectly financed by the issuer itself, 
(i) if there is a possibility that the bank’s operating licence would be cancelled or the probability of the transfer 
of the management of the bank to the SDIF arises pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law due to the losses incurred 
by the bank, then removal of the debt instrument from the bank’s records or the debt instrument’s conversion to share 
certificates for the absorption of the loss would be possible if the BRSA so decides, 
(j) in the event that the debt instrument has not been issued by the bank itself or one of its consolidated entities, 
the amounts obtained from the issuance shall be immediately transferred without any restriction to the bank or its 
consolidated entity (as the case may be) in accordance with the rules listed above, and 
(k) the repayment of the principal of the debt instrument before its maturity is subject to the approval of the 
BRSA and the approval of the BRSA is subject to the same conditions as the exercise of the prepayment option as 
described in clause (e). 
Loans (as opposed to securities) that have been approved by the BRSA upon the application of the board of directors 
of the applicable bank accompanied by a written statement confirming that all of the New Tier 2 Conditions (except for the 
CMB approval condition stated in clause (a) of the New Tier 2 Conditions) are met also can be included in tier 2 capital 
calculations. 
In addition to the conditions that need to be met before including debt instruments and loans in the calculation of tier 2 
capital, the Equity Regulation also provides a limit for inclusion of general provisions to be set aside for receivables and/or the 
surplus of provisions and capital deductions with respect to expected loss amounts of receivables; however, the portion of 
surplus of this amount that exceeds general provisions is not taken into consideration in calculating the tier 2 capital. 
Furthermore, in addition to the New Tier 2 Conditions stated above, the BRSA may require new conditions for each 
debt instrument and the procedure and principles regarding the removal of the debt instrument from the bank’s records or the 
debt instrument’s conversion to share certificates are determined by the BRSA. 
Under Article 8(2)(ğ) of the Equity Regulation, to be eligible for inclusion as tier 2 capital, it must be possible pursuant 
to the terms of such capital that such capital be written down and/or converted into equity of the relevant bank upon the decision 
of the BRSA in the event that it is probable that: (a) the operating licence of such bank may be revoked or (b) shareholders’

--- Page 192 ---
173 
rights (except to dividends) and the management and supervision of such bank may be transferred to the SDIF, in each case 
pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law. 
Debt instruments and loans that are approved by the BRSA are included in accounts of tier 2 capital as of the date of 
transfer to the relevant accounts in the applicable bank’s records. Loans and debt instruments that have been included in tier 2 
capital calculations and that have less than five years to maturity shall be included in tier 2 capital calculations after being 
reduced by 20% each year. 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Rules 
Under Article 7(2)(i) of the Equity Regulation, in order for a debt to qualify as additional tier 1 capital of a bank, the 
bank must be entitled pursuant to the terms of that debt to write-down or convert into equity (but not necessarily both) such 
debt upon the CET1 capital adequacy ratio(s) of such bank, on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis, falling below 5.125%. 
In such a case, such bank is required to promptly notify the BRSA and an amount of such debt must be written-down and/or 
converted into equity, in each case to the extent necessary so as to restore the applicable such CET1 capital adequacy ratio(s) 
to at least 5.125%. As a result of such a write-down: (a) in the event of the liquidation of the bank, the claims of the holders of 
such debt must be reducible via write-down, (b) in the event of the exercise of the redemption option, the amount redeemed 
will be the then-outstanding principal amount (i.e., after any write-downs and write-ups) as opposed to their original principal 
amount, and (c) dividend and interest payments on such debt must be partially or completely cancellable. 
In addition, Article 7(2)(j) of the Equity Regulation provides that, in order for a debt to qualify as additional tier 1 
capital, it must be possible, pursuant to the terms of that debt, for such debt to be written down or converted into equity (but not 
necessarily both) upon the decision of the BRSA if it is probable that: (a) the bank’s operating licence might be revoked or (b) 
such bank may be transferred to the SDIF, in each case pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law. 
Prior to any determination of non-viability of a bank under Article 71 of the Banking Law, the BRSA may require a 
number of corrective, rehabilitative and/or restrictive actions to be taken by the bank in accordance with Articles 68, 69 and 70 
of the Banking Law, including as described in “-Cancellation of Banking License.” In the event that: (a) such actions are not 
(in whole or in part) taken by such bank within a period of time set forth by the BRSA or in any case within 12 months, (b) the 
financial structure of such bank cannot be strengthened despite its having taken such actions, (c) it is determined that taking 
these actions will not lead to the strengthening of the bank’s financial structure, (d) the continuation of the activities of such 
bank would jeopardise the rights of the depositors and the participation account owners and the security and stability of the 
financial system, (e) such bank cannot cover its liabilities as they become due, (f) the total amount of the liabilities of such bank 
exceeds the total amount of its assets or (g) the controlling shareholders or directors of such bank are found to have utilised 
such bank’s resources for their own interests, directly or indirectly or fraudulently, in a manner that jeopardised the secure 
functioning of the bank or caused such bank to sustain a loss as a result of such misuse, then the BRSA may determine that 
such bank is non-viable under Article 71 of the Banking Law. 
Calculation of Additional Tier 1 Capital. According to the Equity Regulation, the amount of additional tier 1 capital 
shall be calculated by subtracting capital deductions from the sum of: (a) shares with preferential rights that are not included in 
CET1 capital (except for such shares that require the distribution of dividends in the future), (b) share premia resulting from the 
issuance of such shares with preferential rights and (c) debt that has been approved by the BRSA (and related issuance premia) 
as eligible for inclusion in the calculation of additional tier 1 capital. The Equity Regulation sets out that, in order for a debt 
instrument to be included in the calculation of additional tier 1 capital, the following conditions need to be met: 
(a) such debt instrument shall have been issued by the bank and approved by the CMB and shall have been 
fully collected in cash, 
(b) in the event of dissolution of such bank, such debt instrument shall be subordinated with respect to debt 
that is included in tier 2 capital and rights of deposit holders and all other creditors (other than other additional tier 1 
capital), 
(c) such debt instrument shall not be linked to any derivative operation or contract, nor shall it be linked to 
any guarantee or security (in Turkish: teminat), in one way or another, directly or indirectly, in a manner that violates 
the condition stated in clause (b), 
(d) such debt instrument shall not have a maturity and shall not include any provision that may incentivise 
redemption, such as dividends and increase of interest rate,

--- Page 193 ---
174 
(e) if such debt instrument includes a redemption option, then such option shall be exercisable no earlier 
than five years after issuance and only with the approval of the BRSA; approval of the BRSA is subject to the 
following conditions: 
(i) such bank should not create any market expectation that the option will be exercised by the 
bank, and either 
(ii) such debt instrument shall be replaced by another debt instrument either of the same quality 
or higher quality, and such replacement shall not have a restrictive effect on such bank’s ability to 
sustain its operations, or 
(iii) following the exercise of the option, the equity of such bank shall exceed the higher of: (A) 
the capital adequacy requirement that is to be calculated pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation 
along with the BRSA’s Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital Buffers 
published on 5 November 2013, (B) the capital requirement derived as a result of an ICAAP of such 
bank and (C) the higher capital requirement set by the BRSA (if any); 
however, if tax legislation or other regulations are materially amended, a redemption option may be 
exercised; provided that the above conditions in this clause (e) are met and the BRSA approves, 
(f) the redemption of the principal of such debt instrument shall be subject to approval of the BRSA, in which 
case the BRSA would seek the conditions stated in clause (e) to be met, 
(g) the bank shall be entitled to cancel the interest and dividend payments on such debt instrument and, if it 
exercises such right, then it shall not have an obligation to pay the difference between the amount set out in the terms 
of such debt instrument and the amount actually paid in subsequent periods (even in case of non-payment), cancellation 
of payments shall not be considered as default, such bank shall be entitled to use at its own discretion the amounts 
corresponding to the cancelled payments and the cancellation shall not have any restricting effect on such bank except 
with respect to payments to be made to its shareholders, 
(h) dividend or interest payments on such debt instrument may be made only out of the items that may be 
used for dividend distribution, 
(i) such debt instrument’s dividend and interest payments shall not be linked to the creditworthiness of such 
bank, 
(j) such debt instrument shall not be: (i) purchased by such bank or by corporations controlled by such bank 
or significantly under the influence of such bank or (ii) assigned to such entities, and its purchase shall not be directly 
or indirectly financed by such bank itself, 
(k) such debt instrument shall not possess any features hindering any new equity issuance, 
(l) such bank must be entitled, pursuant to the terms of the debt instrument, to write-down or convert into 
equity (but not necessarily both) such debt instrument if the CET1 capital adequacy ratio of the bank (on a consolidated 
or non-consolidated basis) falls below 5.125%, in each case to the extent necessary so as to restore the applicable such 
CET1 capital adequacy ratio(s) to at least 5.125%; as a result of such a write-down: (i) in the event of the liquidation 
of the bank, the claims of the holders of such debt instrument must be reducible via write-down, (ii) in the event of 
any redemption of such debt instrument, the amount redeemed will be the then-outstanding principal amount (i.e., after 
any write-downs and write-ups) as opposed to their original principal amount, and (iii) dividend and interest payments 
on such debt instrument must be partially or completely cancellable, 
(m) if there is a possibility that such bank’s operating licence would be cancelled or the probability of the 
transfer of such bank to the SDIF arises pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law due to the losses incurred by the 
bank, then such debt instrument shall be subject to being written down or converted into equity (but not necessarily 
both) for the absorption of the loss if the BRSA so decides, and

--- Page 194 ---
175 
(n) in the event that such debt instrument has not been issued by such bank itself or one of its consolidated 
entities, the amounts obtained from the issuance shall be immediately transferred without any restriction to such bank 
or the applicable consolidated entity (as the case may be) in accordance with the rules listed above. 
In addition to debt instruments issued by the bank and approved by the CMB (as stated in clause (a)), loans that have been 
approved by the BRSA upon the application of the board of directors of the applicable bank accompanied by a written statement 
confirming that all of these conditions (except for the condition stated in clause (a) regarding debt instruments issued by the 
bank and approved by the CMB) are met also can be included in the calculation of the amount of additional tier 1 capital. 
In addition to these conditions, the BRSA may also require other conditions to be met in respect of a debt, including 
in connection with the procedures relating to the write-down or conversion into equity of such debt. 
Debt instruments and loans that are approved by the BRSA are included in the calculation of the amount of additional 
tier 1 capital as of the date of transfer of the proceeds thereof to the relevant accounts in the applicable bank’s records. When 
applying with respect to a bank the measures set out under Article 71 of the Banking Law, the BRSA is not to take into account 
as liabilities of such bank the debt instruments and loans included in the calculation of additional tier 1 capital of such bank. 
The Equity Regulation provides that the BRSA is to determine the rules and procedures with respect to the write-down 
or conversion into equity of debt included in additional tier 1 capital. Accordingly, on 7 June 2018, the BRSA published the 
Communiqué on Debt Instruments to be included in the Calculation of Banks’ Equity (the “Regulatory Capital Communiqué”). 
The Regulatory Capital Communiqué is intended to align the Turkish additional tier 1 framework with European practices and 
imposed certain new requirements on banks. 
Regulatory Capital Communiqué. The Regulatory Capital Communiqué stipulates that the debt included in additional 
tier 1 capital must be subject to write-off, write-down and conversion into equity before the debt included in tier 2 capital of the 
banks. Pursuant to the Regulatory Capital Communiqué, if there are multiple additional tier 1 instruments included in the 
additional tier 1 capital of a bank, then the write-off, write-down or conversion into equity of such additional tier 1 instruments 
is to be carried out on a pro rata basis based upon each such additional tier 1 instrument’s portion in the total value of the 
additional tier 1 instruments of such bank that are included in the additional tier 1 capital of such bank. Interest and dividend 
distributions on, and redemptions of, additional tier 1 instruments that have been partially converted into equity or written-down 
are to take into account the outstanding amount after such conversion into equity or write-down. 
The Regulatory Capital Communiqué also provides for a potentially non-permanent write-down of additional tier 1 
instruments upon the CET1 capital adequacy ratio of a bank, on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis, falling below 5.125%. 
In terms of this write-down procedure, a bank is required to immediately notify the BRSA and the holders of such additional 
tier 1 instruments of the occurrence of such event. An issuer will determine the amount to be written down and/or converted 
into equity, without prejudice to any authority that the Banking Law grants to the BRSA. 
In the case of additional tier 1 instruments that provide for such a write-down of debt on a non-permanent basis, the 
terms of such additional tier 1 instrument will include provisions for the potential write-up of such written-down amount; 
however, according to the Regulatory Capital Communiqué, a write-up is not possible for additional tier 1 instruments that have 
been written down for other reasons. In addition, the Regulatory Capital Communiqué requires that the following conditions 
(among others) be satisfied for any such write-up: 
(a) a write-up can be effected only to the extent that a positive distributable net profit was calculated based upon 
the most recent fiscal year of the applicable bank, 
(b) the sum of the write-up amount and the dividend or coupon payments made with respect to the written-
down principal amount must not be more than the distributable net profit of the applicable bank multiplied by the 
result of: (i) the sum of the aggregate initial principal amount of the additional tier 1 instruments and the aggregate 
initial principal amount of all written-down additional tier 1 instruments of such bank divided by (ii) the total tier 1 
capital of such bank, each as of the date of the relevant write-up, 
(c) the write-up must be effected on a pro rata basis with the other written-down additional tier 1 instruments 
of such bank, and

--- Page 195 ---
176 
(d) the sum of any write-up amount, coupon and dividend payments over the written-down debt will be treated 
as dividend payments, which will be subject to the restrictions relating to dividend distributions and the maximum 
distributable amount restrictions. 
The Regulatory Capital Communiqué also introduced various requirements that must be satisfied in order for a bank 
to exercise any option to convert additional tier 1 instruments into equity. While the Bank’s existing additional tier 1 capital 
does not provide for such conversion, any additional tier 1 capital that the Bank issues in the future might provide for such a 
conversion. 
Basel Committee 
Basel II. The most significant difference between the capital adequacy regulations in place before 1 July 2012 and the 
Basel II regulations is the calculation of risk-weighted assets related to credit risk. The current regulations seek to align more 
closely the minimum capital requirement of a bank with its borrowers’ credit risk profile. The impact of the new regulations on 
capital adequacy levels of Turkish banks largely stems from exposures to the Turkish government, principally through the 
holding of Turkish government bonds. While the previous rules provided a 0% risk weight for exposures to the Turkish 
sovereign and the Central Bank, the rules of Basel II require that claims on sovereign entities and their central banks be risk-
weighted according to their credit assessment, which (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) results in a 50% risk weighting for 
Türkiye; however, the Turkish rules implementing the Basel principles in Türkiye revised this general rule by providing that 
Turkish Lira-denominated claims on sovereign entities in Türkiye and the Central Bank shall have a 0% risk weight. See 
“Basel III” below for the risk weights of foreign currency-denominated claims on the Central Bank in the form of required 
reserves. 
The BRSA published the Communiqué on the Calculation of Principal Subject to Credit Risk by Internal-Ratings 
Based Approaches and the Communiqué on the Calculation of Principal Subject to Operational Risk by Advanced Measurement 
Approaches for the banks to apply internal ratings for the calculation of principal subject to credit risk and advanced 
measurement approaches for the calculation of principal subject to operational risk, which entered into effect on 1 January 2015. 
The BRSA also issued various guidelines noting that the use of such internal rating and advanced measurement approaches in 
the calculation of capital adequacy is subject to the BRSA’s permission. 
Basel III. Turkish banks’ capital adequacy requirements have been and will continue to be affected by Basel III, as 
implemented by the Equity Regulation, which includes requirements regarding regulatory capital, liquidity, leverage ratio and 
counterparty credit risk measurements. In 2013, the BRSA announced its intention to adopt the Basel III requirements and 
published initially the Equity Regulation and a capital adequacy regulation, each entering into effect on 1 January 2014. The 
Equity Regulation introduced core tier 1 capital and additional tier 1 capital as components of tier 1 capital. Subsequently, the 
BRSA replaced this first capital adequacy regulation with the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which entered into force on 
31 March 2016. These changes: (a) introduced a minimum core capital adequacy ratio (4.5%) and a minimum tier 1 capital 
adequacy ratio (6.0%) to be calculated on a consolidated and unconsolidated basis (which are in addition to the previously 
existing requirement for a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of 8.0%) and (b) changed the risk weights of certain items that 
are categorised under “other assets.” The Equity Regulation also introduced new tier 2 rules and determined new criteria for 
debt instruments to be included in the tier 2 capital. According to the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which entered into force 
on 31 March 2016, the risk weights of foreign currency-denominated required reserves on the Central Bank in the form of 
required reserves were increased from 0% to 50%; however, on 24 February 2017, the BRSA amended its guidance to allow 
foreign exchange-required reserves held with the Central Bank to be subject to a 0% risk weight. 
In order to further align Turkish banking legislation with Basel principles, the BRSA has published from time to time 
new regulations and communiqués amending or replacing the existing regulations and communiqués, some of which 
amendments entered into force on 31 March 2016. For information related to the leverage ratios, capital adequacy ratios and 
liquidity coverage ratios of banks, see “Capital Adequacy” above. 
The BIS reviewed Türkiye’s compliance with Basel regulations within the scope of the Basel Committee’s RCAP and 
published its RCAP assessment report in March 2016, in which Türkiye was assessed as compliant with Basel standards. 
If the Bank and/or the Group is unable to maintain its capital adequacy or leverage ratios above the minimum levels 
required by the BRSA or other regulators (whether due to the inability to obtain additional capital on acceptable economic 
terms, if at all, sell assets (including subsidiaries) at commercially reasonable prices, or at all, or for any other reason), then this 
might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.

--- Page 196 ---
177 
Liquidity and Reserve Requirements 
Article 46 of the Banking Law requires banks to calculate, attain, maintain and report the minimum liquidity level in 
accordance with principles and procedures set out by the BRSA. Within this framework, a comprehensive liquidity arrangement 
has been put into force by the BRSA, following the consent of the Central Bank. 
Pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements (the “Communiqué Regarding Reserve 
Requirements”), the Central Bank imposes different reserve requirements for different currencies and different tenors and 
adjusts these rates from time to time in order to encourage or discourage certain types of lending and/or deposit-taking. 
The Central Bank has permitted Turkish banks to maintain: (a) a portion of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in 
U.S. dollars (however, such option has been terminated by the Central Bank effective as of 1 October 2021) and another portion 
of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in standard and scrap gold (however, on 31 December 2022, the Central Bank 
announced that the facility for holding standard and scrap gold for Turkish Lira reserve requirements will be terminated as of 
23 June 2023) and (b) a portion or all of the reserve requirements applicable to precious metal deposit accounts in standard 
gold, which portions are revised from time to time by the Central Bank. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group and 
its Business – Market Risks – Foreign Exchange and Currency Risk.” In addition, banks are required to maintain their required 
reserves against their U.S. dollar-denominated liabilities in U.S. dollars only. 
Furthermore, pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, a bank must establish additional 
mandatory reserves if its financial leverage ratio falls within certain intervals. The financial leverage ratio is calculated 
according to the division of a bank’s capital into the sum of the following items: 
(a) its total liabilities, 
(b) its total non-cash loans and obligations, 
(c) its revocable commitments multiplied by 0.1, 
(d) the total sum of each of its derivatives commitments multiplied by its respective loan conversion rate, and 
(e) its irrevocable commitments. 
This additional mandatory reserve amount is calculated quarterly according to the arithmetic mean of the monthly leverage 
ratio. In addition, a bank must maintain additional mandatory reserves for six mandatory reserve periods beginning with the 
fourth calendar month following an accounting period for liabilities in Turkish Lira and foreign currency, as set forth below: 
Leverage Ratio 
Additional Reserve 
Requirement 
Below 3.0%
2.0%
From 3.0% (inclusive) to 4.0%
1.5%
From 4.0% (inclusive) to 5.0% 
1.0% 
In December 2018 and April 2019, the Central Bank amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements to 
exclude in the calculation of reserve requirements the following liabilities on the balance sheet: (a) funds acquired on the Borsa 
İstanbul with repo transactions and (b) deposits and participation funds of certain official institutions. These amendments also 
removed a temporary article that distinguished the reserve requirement regime applicable to foreign currency liabilities other 
than deposits and participation funds that existed up to and prior to 28 August 2015 from those created after such date. The 
Central Bank further amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements on 16 February 2019 to decrease the Turkish 
Lira liabilities reserve ratios for: (i) demand deposits, time deposits and participation funds with maturities of up to one year 
and other liabilities with maturities of up to (and including) three years, by 100 basis points, and (ii) all other liabilities subject 
to reserve requirements, by 50 basis points. On 9 May 2019, the Central Bank increased reserve requirements for all foreign-
exchange liabilities (including foreign-exchange deposits/participation funds) deposits by 100 basis points and, on 27 May 
2019, increased all reserve requirements for foreign-exchange deposits/participation funds by another 200 basis points, through 
which approximately US$3.0 billion and US$4.2 billion of liquidity, respectively, was withdrawn from the market. On both 
7 August and 20 September 2019, the Central Bank increased reserve requirements for foreign-exchange deposits/participation 
funds by 100 basis points for all maturity brackets. To support financial stability and the real loan growth-linked reserve 
requirement practice, the Central Bank decided on 28 December 2019 to increase (effective as of 10 January 2020 for the

--- Page 197 ---
178 
liability period starting on 27 December 2019) the reserve requirement ratios for foreign exchange deposits/participation funds 
by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets, but applying a 200 basis point reduction on the new ratios for banks that attain 
certain Turkish Lira real loan growth conditions (i.e., effectively keeping the reserve requirement ratios for foreign exchange 
deposits/participation funds of such banks unchanged). 
In March 2020, as part of the government’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Central Bank issued a press 
release announcing the implementation of the following temporary measures: (a) providing banks with flexibility in Turkish 
Lira and foreign currency liquidity management, (b) offering targeted additional liquidity facilities to banks to secure credit 
flow to the corporate sector and (c) aiming to boost the cash flow of exporters by facilitating the discounting of export 
receivables. On 18 July 2020, the Central Bank increased foreign currency reserve requirement ratios by 300 basis points in all 
liability types and maturity brackets for all banks. 
On 27 November 2020, the Central Bank: (a) revised to 12% per annum the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-
denominated required reserves and (b) reduced the commission rate applied to the reserves maintained against U.S. dollar-
denominated deposits and participation fund liabilities from 1.25% to 0%. As a result, from December 2020, the reserve 
requirement ratios for: (i) deposits and participation funds (excluding those obtained from banks abroad) on demand and with 
a maturity up to (and including) three months and Turkish Lira-denominated other liabilities (including deposits and 
participation funds received from banks abroad) with a maturity up to (and including) one year were reduced to 6% per annum 
from 7% per annum, (ii) foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds (excluding deposits and participation 
funds obtained from banks abroad and precious metal deposit accounts) on demand and with a maturity less than one year were 
reduced to 19% per annum from 22% per annum, (iii) foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds 
(excluding deposits and participation funds obtained from banks abroad and precious metal deposit accounts) with a maturity 
of one year or more were reduced to 13% per annum from 18% per annum and (iv) other foreign currency-denominated 
liabilities (regardless of maturity) were reduced by 3% per annum (to a range of 5% per annum to 21% per annum). 
On 24 February 2021, the Central Bank: (a) increased Turkish Lira reserve requirement ratios by 2.00% for all liability 
types and maturity brackets, (b) revised portions of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements that Turkish banks are permitted to 
maintain in U.S. dollars and standard gold and (c) revised to 13.50% the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-denominated 
required reserves. These changes became effective from the calculation date of 19 February 2021, with the maintenance period 
starting on 5 March 2021. On 1 July 2021, the Central Bank: (a) reduced the maximum percentage of Turkish Lira reserves it 
can allow to be held in U.S. dollars from 20% to 10% and terminated the option of Turkish banks to maintain a portion of the 
Turkish Lira reserve requirements in U.S. dollars as of 1 October 2021, (b) increased the reserve requirement ratios for foreign 
currency-denominated deposits and participation funds by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets and (c) started to apply 
remuneration rates from 13.5% to 19.0% per annum for Turkish Lira-denominated reserves of banks depending upon certain 
conditions, each of which changes became effective from the calculation date of 6 August 2021 (with the maintenance period 
starting on 19 July 2021). On 15 September 2021, the Central Bank increased reserve requirement ratios for foreign currency-
denominated deposits and participation funds and precious metals deposit accounts by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets 
effective as of 17 September 2021. On 9 November 2021, the Central Bank: (i) further reduced the maximum percentage of 
Turkish Lira reserves it would allow to be held in standard gold from 15% to 10% and announced that the facility for holding 
standard gold for Turkish Lira reserve requirements will be gradually decreased and eventually terminated and (ii) increased 
the reserve requirement ratios for foreign currency deposits/participation funds by a further 200 basis points for all maturity 
brackets effective from the calculation date of 12 November 2021 (with the maintenance period starting on 28 October 2021). 
On 21 December 2021, the Central Bank amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements to exclude in the 
calculation of reserve requirements the amounts converted from foreign exchange deposits/participation funds into Turkish Lira 
term deposits/participation funds. 
On 23 April 2022, the Central Bank amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements (effective as of 
29 April 2022) to require Turkish banks to establish mandatory reserves for their Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash 
loans; provided that the following are excluded: (a) loans provided to SMEs, tradesmen, financial institutions and/or certain 
governmental authorities and their subsidiaries and (b) export and investment loans, agricultural loans and corporate credit 
cards. With respect to such amendments (as further amended on 10 June 2022), banks are required to reserve 20% of the relevant 
commercial loans (as calculated on the last Friday of every four week period) for a maintenance period of four weeks. In 
addition, as a provisional application, banks with a growth rate in loans subject to reserve requirements above 20% as of 31 May 
2022 compared to 31 December 2021 were required to maintain mandatory reserves between 10 June 2022 and 24 November 
2022 at a rate of 20% of the difference between their existing such loan balances on 31 March 2022 and 31 December 2021 
(i.e., the Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement).

--- Page 198 ---
179 
From 23 December 2022, if a bank’s Turkish Lira share of either its total consumer or company deposits is: (a) from 
50% to below 60%, then such bank must pay a fee to the Central Bank equal to 3% of the reserves required to be held by it with 
respect to all of its foreign exchange deposits, or (b) below 50%, then such fee rate is increased to 8%. 
On 15 January 2023, the Central Bank amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements so that (starting 
with the maintenance period starting on 3 February 2023), the reserve requirement rate for Turkish Lira deposit accounts and 
participation accounts held by certain customers with maturities longer than three months is 0%. Additionally, should there be 
an increase (compared to 6 January 2023, based upon a calculation to be made on the last Friday of every two week period) in 
a bank’s foreign currency-denominated liabilities with maturities longer than six months provided directly from abroad, the 
reserve requirement rate for such increased amount is 0% until 22 December 2023. 
The Central Bank issued on 10 June 2022 the Regulation on the Maintenance of Turkish Lira Securities for Foreign 
Currency Liabilities (the name of which was later changed to Regulation on the Maintenance of Securities) (the “Regulation on 
the Maintenance of Securities”). Pursuant to this regulation (as amended on 31 December 2022), effective from 24 June 2022, 
each Turkish bank is required to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the 
Turkish government (including lease certificates issued by Undersecretariat of Treasury Asset Leasing Company) for the 
foreign currency deposits, participation funds and precious metals accounts held with such bank (excluding those of certain 
depositors, including the Central Bank itself, the Turkish Treasury, certain other governmental entities, other Turkish banks 
and non-citizens, and such deposits/funds/accounts funded by foreign direct investments as determined by the Central Bank) as 
well as the funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions. Pursuant to an amendment to the Regulation on the 
Maintenance of Securities made on 7 January 2023, each Turkish bank is required to hold an amount of such securities equal 
to 10% of the amount of the foreign currency deposits, participation funds and precious metals accounts held by the relevant 
customers with such bank as well as the funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions; however, if the relevant 
bank’s ratio of Turkish Lira deposits to total deposits is: (a) less than 50%, then such rate is to be increased to 17%, (b) greater 
than or equal to 50% but less than 60%, then such rate is to be increased to 12%, (c) greater than or equal to 60% but less than 
70%, then such rate is to be decreased to 5%, and (d) greater than or equal to 70%, then such rate is to be decreased to 3%. 
On 20 August 2022 and 31 December 2022, the Central Bank amended the Regulation on the Maintenance of 
Securities to: (a) require Turkish banks to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by 
the Turkish government in an amount equal to 30% of the amount of the securities issued by entities (other than financial 
institutions) held by such banks, (b) replace the Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement with a requirement to hold with 
the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to 30% 
of the amount of such Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (excluding the loans previously excluded from the 
Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement as noted above only if such loans are disbursed against expenditures) and (c) 
provide that if: 
(i) a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan growth (excluding such excluded loans) during 
each calculation period from 26 August 2022 to 25 November 2022 compared to the previous calculation period was 
higher than 3%, then such bank is required to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated 
securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to the amount over such 3%, 
(ii) a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan (excluding such excluded loans) growth as of 
30 December 2022 compared to 29 July 2022 is higher than 10%, then such bank is required to hold with the Central 
Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to the 
amount over such 10% minus the amount already held as required by clause (i), and 
(iii) a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan growth (excluding such excluded loans) during 
each calculation period from 27 January 2023 to 29 December 2023 compared to the previous calculation period was 
higher than 3%, then such bank is required to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated 
securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to the amount over such 3%. 
Additionally, the 20 August 2022 amendment provides that, for commercial loans extended from 20 August 2022 until 
31 December 2022, a Turkish bank is required to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities 
issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to: 
(A) 20% of the amount of Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (excluding such excluded loans) 
extended during such period at an annual compound interest rate from and including 1.4 times to but excluding 1.8 
times higher than the Central Bank-released annual compound reference rate (which reference rate is 10.31% for the 
period between 1 December 2022 and 31 December 2022), and

--- Page 199 ---
180 
(B) 90% of the amount of Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (excluding such excluded loans) 
extended during such period at an annual compound interest rate of 1.8 times or more higher than such Central Bank-
released annual compound reference rate. 
With respect to commercial loans extended from 31 December 2022, banks are required (based upon a calculation to be made 
on the last Friday of every month) until 29 December 2023 to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated 
securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to 20% or 90% of the amount of Turkish Lira-denominated 
commercial cash loans (excluding such excluded loans) extended during such month depending upon their annual compound 
interest rate. 
Also in August 2022, the Central Bank introduced new regulations to increase the share of Turkish Lira-denominated 
assets in the collateral system and to ensure the maintenance of additional required reserves for foreign currency deposits. 
Effective as of 2 September 2022, the collateral discount rate for CPI-indexed securities and assets subject to collateral in 
foreign currency and gold was gradually increased from 50% to 60% to 70% and the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-
denominated required reserves was reduced to 0% from 8.5%. 
On 31 December 2022, as a provisional application to be applied from 31 December 2022 through 29 December 2023 
(based upon a calculation to be made on the last Friday of every month), the Central Bank required banks to hold the following 
additional reserves with the Central Bank: should there be an increase in the positive difference in the sum of a bank’s foreign 
currency deposits, participation funds and funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions minus the amount of 
loans provided and the related required reserves, reserves in the amount of such increase must be held using long-term Turkish 
Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government. 
Foreign Exchange Requirements 
According to the Regulation on Foreign Exchange Net Position/Capital Base issued by the BRSA and published in the 
Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006 (and amendments thereto effective as of 9 March 2023), for both the bank-
only and consolidated financial statements, the weekly arithmetic mean of the ratio of a bank’s foreign exchange net position 
to its capital base should not exceed (+/-) 10%, which calculation is required to be made on a weekly basis for unconsolidated 
and monthly basis for consolidated financial statements. The net foreign exchange position is the difference between the Turkish 
Lira equivalent of a bank’s foreign exchange assets and its foreign exchange liabilities. For the purpose of computing the net 
foreign exchange position, foreign exchange assets include all active foreign exchange accounts held by a bank (including its 
foreign branches), its foreign exchange-indexed assets and its subscribed forward foreign exchange purchases; and for purposes 
of computing the net foreign exchange position, foreign exchange liabilities include all passive foreign exchange accounts held 
by a bank (including its foreign branches), its subscribed foreign exchange-indexed liabilities and its subscribed forward foreign 
exchange sales. In addition, a bank must include any general and special provisions it has set aside pursuant to the Classification 
of Loans and Provisions Regulation for the calculation of the standard ratio of its foreign exchange net position to its capital 
base. If such ratio exceeds (+/-) 10%, then the bank is required to take steps to move back into compliance within two weeks 
following the bank’s calculation period. Banks are permitted to exceed this ratio up to six times per calendar year. 
Audit of Banks 
According to Article 24 of the Banking Law, a bank’s board of directors is required to establish audit committees for 
the execution of the audit and monitoring functions of the board of directors. The duties and responsibilities of the audit 
committee include: (a) the supervision of the efficiency and adequacy of the bank’s internal control, risk management and 
internal audit systems, (b) the functioning of these systems and accounting and reporting systems within the framework of the 
Banking Law and other relevant legislation, (c) the integrity of the information produced by such systems, (d) conducting the 
necessary preliminary evaluations for the selection of independent audit firms by the board of directors, (e) regularly monitoring 
the activities of independent audit firms selected by the board of directors and (f) in the case of holding companies covered by 
the Banking Law, ensuring that the internal audit functions of the institutions that are subject to consolidation operate in a 
coordinated manner. 
Banks are required to select an independent audit firm in accordance with the Turkish Auditor Regulation. Independent 
auditors are held liable for damages and losses to third parties and are subject to stricter reporting obligations. Professional 
liability insurance is required for: (a) independent auditors and (b) evaluators, rating agencies and certain other support services 
(if requested by the service-acquiring bank or required by the BRSA). Furthermore, banks are required to consolidate their 
financial statements on a quarterly basis in accordance with certain consolidation principles established by the BRSA. The year-
end consolidated financial statements are required to be audited whereas interim consolidated financial statements are subject 
to only a limited review by independent audit firms.

--- Page 200 ---
181 
Pursuant to the Regulation regarding the Internal Systems and Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process of 
Banks, as issued by the BRSA and published in the Official Gazette No. 29057 dated 11 July 2014 (the “ICAAP Regulation”), 
banks are obligated to establish, manage and develop (for themselves and all of their consolidated financial subsidiaries) internal 
audit, internal control and risk management systems commensurate with the scope and structure of their activities, in compliance 
with the provisions of such regulation. The ICAAP Regulation also requires banks to conduct an “internal capital adequacy 
assessment process” (“ICAAP”), which is an internal process whereby banks calculate the amount of capital required to cover 
the risks to which they are or may be exposed on an unconsolidated and consolidated basis and with a forward-looking 
perspective, taking into account their near- and medium-term business and strategic plans. In this context, each bank is required 
to prepare an internal capital adequacy assessment process report (the “ICAAP Report”) representing the bank’s own assessment 
of its capital and liquidity requirements. The ICAAP Regulation established standards as to principles of internal control, 
internal audit and risk management systems and an ICAAP in order to bring such regulations into compliance with Basel II 
requirements. 
In 2015 and 2016, the BRSA issued certain amendments to the ICAAP Regulation to align the Turkish regulatory 
capital regime with Basel III requirements. These amendments relating to internal systems and internal capital adequacy ratios 
entered into force on 20 January 2016 and the other amendments entered into force on 31 March 2016. These amendments 
impose new regulatory requirements to enhance the effectiveness of internal risk management and internal capital adequacy 
assessments by introducing, among other things, new stress test requirements. Accordingly, the board of directors and senior 
management of a bank are required to ensure that a bank has established appropriate risk management systems and that it applies 
an ICAAP such that the bank has adequate capital to meet the risks incurred by it. The ICAAP Report is required to be audited 
by either the internal audit department or an independent audit firm in accordance with the internal audit procedures of a bank. 
All banks (public and private) also undergo annual audits and interim audits by certified bank auditors who have the 
authority to audit banks on behalf of the BRSA, which audits encompass all aspects of a bank’s operations, its financial 
statements, other matters affecting the bank’s financial position and the bank’s compliance with law. The Central Bank has the 
right to monitor compliance by banks with the Central Bank’s regulations through on-site and off-site examinations. 
In 2015, the BRSA amended the Regulation on Principles and Procedures of Audits to expand the scope of the audit 
of banks in compliance with the ICAAP Regulation. According to this regulation, the BRSA monitors banks’ compliance with 
the regulations relating to the maintenance of capital and liquidity adequacy for risks incurred or to be incurred by banks and 
the adequacy and efficiency of banks’ internal audit systems. 
The Savings Deposit Insurance Fund (SDIF) 
The SDIF is a public legal entity set up to insure savings deposits held with banks and (along with all other Turkish 
banks) the Bank is subject to its regulations. The SDIF is responsible for and authorised to take measures for restructuring, 
transfers to third parties and strengthening the financial structures of banks, the shares of which and/or the management and 
control of which have been transferred to the SDIF in accordance with Article 71 of the Banking Law, as well as other duties 
imposed on it. 
(a) Insurance of Deposits. Pursuant to Article 63 of the Banking Law: (a) funds in checking accounts that are 
owned by commercial entities (which accounts are used solely for the payment of checks) and (b) funds in savings 
deposit accounts owned by natural persons are insured by the SDIF. Effective as of 28 August 2022, all deposit and 
participation funds except those owned by official institutions, credit institutions and financial institutions are insured 
by the SDIF. The scope and amount of deposit and participation funds subject to the insurance are determined by the 
SDIF upon the approval of the Central Bank, the BRSA and the Turkish Treasury. The tariff of the insurance premium, 
the time and method of collection of this premium, minimum target level of deposit insurance reserve (effective as of 
28 August 2022) and other relevant matters are determined by the SDIF upon the approval of the BRSA. Since 
1 January 2023, an amount of up to TL 400,000 of a depositor’s deposit account benefits from the SDIF insurance 
guarantee. 
(b) Power to require Advances from Banks. Provided that BRSA consent is received, the banks may be 
required by the SDIF to make advances of up to the total insurance premiums paid by them in the previous year to be 
set-off against their future premium obligations. The decision regarding such advances shall also indicate the interest 
rate applicable thereto. 
(c) Contribution of the Central Bank. If the SDIF’s resources prove insufficient due to extraordinary 
circumstances, then the Central Bank will, on request, provide the SDIF with an advance. The terms, amounts,

--- Page 201 ---
182 
repayment conditions, interest rates and other conditions of the advance will be determined by the Central Bank upon 
consultation with the SDIF. 
(d) Premiums as an Expense Item. Premiums paid by a bank into the SDIF are to be treated as an expense in 
the calculation of that bank’s corporate tax. 
(e) Liquidation. In the event of the bankruptcy or (effective as of 28 August 2022) liquidity of a bank, the 
SDIF is a privileged creditor and may liquidate the bank under the provisions of the Execution and Bankruptcy Law 
No. 2004, exercising the duties and powers of the bankruptcy office and creditors’ meeting and the bankruptcy 
administration. 
(f) Claims. In the event of the bankruptcy of a bank, holders of savings deposits will have a privileged claim 
in respect of the part of their deposit that is not covered by the SDIF’s insurance. 
The main powers and duties of the SDIF pursuant to the SDIF regulation published in the Official Gazette No. 31901 
dated 23 July 2022, are as follows: 
(a) becoming members of international financial, economic and professional organisations in which domestic 
and foreign equivalent agencies participate, and signing memoranda of understanding with the authorised bodies of 
foreign countries regarding the matters that fall within the SDIF’s span of duty, 
(b) insuring all deposits and participation accounts in the credit institutions except the accounts of official 
institutions, credit institutions and financial institutions, 
(c) determining the scope and amount of the deposit and participation accounts that are subject to insurance 
with the opinion of the Central Bank, the BRSA and the Turkish Treasury, and the risk-based insurance premia 
timetable, collection time and form, minimum target level of deposit insurance reserve and other related issues in 
cooperation with the BRSA, 
(d) determining the procedures and principles regarding the establishment, operation and supervision of the 
system to be established by the credit institutions as a basis for the calculation, follow-up, verification and payment of 
the insured deposit and participation funds, in cooperation with the BRSA, 
(e) paying (directly or through another bank) the insured deposits and participation accounts in the credit 
institutions whose banking licence has been revoked by the BRSA from deposit insurance reserves, 
(f) fulfilling the necessary operations regarding the transfer, sale and merger of the banks whose shareholder 
rights (except to dividends) and management and supervision have been transferred to the SDIF by the BRSA, with 
the condition that the losses of the shareholders are reduced from the capital,  
(g) taking management and control of the banks whose banking licence has been revoked by the BRSA and 
fulfilling the necessary operations regarding the bankruptcy and liquidation of such banks, 
(h) fulfilling the necessary operations regarding liquidation of the savings finance institutions whose 
operation licence has been revoked by the BRSA, and 
(i) carrying out activities required for the management, sale and liquidation of partnership shares and assets 
of the companies whose powers have been transferred to the SDIF or to which the SDIF has been appointed as a 
trustee. 
Cancellation of Banking Licence 
If the results of an audit show that a bank’s financial structure has seriously weakened, then the BRSA may require 
the bank’s board of directors to take measures to strengthen its financial position. Pursuant to the Banking Law, in the event 
that the BRSA in its sole discretion determines that: 
(a) the assets of a bank are insufficient or are likely to become insufficient to cover its obligations as they 
become due or the bank is not complying with liquidity requirements,

--- Page 202 ---
183 
(b) the bank’s profitability is not sufficient to conduct its business in a secure manner due to disturbances in 
the relation and balance between expenses and profit, 
(c) the regulatory equity capital of such bank is not sufficient or is likely to become insufficient, 
(d) the quality of the assets of such bank have been impaired in a manner potentially weakening its financial 
structure, 
(e) the decisions, transactions or applications of such bank are in breach of the Banking Law, relevant 
regulations or the decisions of the BRSA, 
(f) such bank does not establish internal audit, supervision and risk management systems or to effectively and 
sufficiently conduct such systems or any factor impedes the audit of such systems, 
(g) imprudent acts of such bank’s management materially increase the risks stipulated under the Banking Law 
and relevant legislation or potentially weaken the bank’s financial structure, or 
(h) for D-SIBs, the precautions under the precaution plan described below are not implemented promptly, 
such precautions are unable to cure the applicable weakness or it is determined that such weakness cannot be cured 
even if such precautions were implemented, 
then the BRSA may require the board of directors of such bank: (i) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in 
clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (h), to: 
(A) increase such bank’s equity capital, 
(B) not permit such bank to distribute dividends for a temporary period to be determined by the BRSA and 
to transfer its distributable dividend to the reserve fund, 
(C) increase such bank’s loan provisions, 
(D) stop such bank’s extension of loans to its shareholders, 
(E) dispose of such bank’s assets in order to strengthen its liquidity, 
(F) limit or stop such bank’s new investments, 
(G) limit such bank’s salary and other payments, and/or 
(H) cease such bank’s long-term investments, and 
(ii) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in clause (e), (f) or (g), to: 
(A) cause such bank to comply with the relevant banking legislation, 
(B) cease such bank’s risky transactions by re-evaluating such bank’s credit policy, and/or 
(C) causing such bank to take all actions to decrease any maturity, foreign exchange and interest rate risks for 
a period determined by the BRSA and in accordance with a plan approved by the BRSA. 
The BRSA may also take any other action in relation to the occurrence of an event described in clauses (a) through (h) that it 
may deem necessary. 
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable bank, its financial 
structure cannot be strengthened despite the fact that such actions have been taken or the BRSA determines that taking such

--- Page 203 ---
184 
actions will not lead to a favourable result, then the BRSA may require such bank: (i) in the event of the occurrence of an event 
described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (h) of the preceding paragraph, to: 
(A) strengthen its financial structure, increase its liquidity and/or increase its capital adequacy, 
(B) dispose of its fixed assets and long-term assets within a reasonable time determined by the BRSA, 
(C) decrease its operational and management costs, 
(D) postpone its payments under any name whatsoever, excluding the regular payments to be made to its 
employees, and/or 
(E) limit or prohibit extension of any cash or non-cash loans to certain third persons, legal entities, risk groups 
or sectors, and 
(ii) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in clause (e), (f) or (g) of the preceding paragraph, to: 
(A) convene an extraordinary general assembly in order to change some or all of the members of the board 
of directors or assign new member(s) to the board of directors, in the event any board member is responsible for a 
failure to comply with relevant legislation, a failure to establish efficient and sufficient operation of internal audit, 
internal control and risk management systems or non-operation of these systems efficiently or there is a factor that 
impedes supervision or such member(s) of the board of directors cause(s) to increase risks significantly as stipulated 
above, and/or 
(B) implement short-, medium- or long-term plans and projections that are approved by the BRSA to decrease 
the risks incurred by the bank and the members of the board of directors and the shareholders with qualified shares 
must undertake the implementation of such plan in writing. 
The BRSA may also take any other action in relation to the occurrence of an event described in clauses (a) through (h) of the 
preceding paragraph that it may deem necessary. 
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable bank, the problem 
cannot be solved despite the fact that the actions have been taken or the BRSA determines that taking such actions will not lead 
to a favourable result, then the BRSA may require such bank to: 
(a) limit or cease its business or the business of the whole organisation, including its relations with its local 
or foreign branches and correspondents, for a temporary period, 
(b) apply various restrictions, including restrictions on the interest rate and maturity with respect to resource 
collection and utilisation, 
(c) remove from office (in whole or in part) some or all of its members of the board of directors, general 
manager and deputy general managers and the relevant department and branch managers and obtain approval from the 
BRSA as to the persons to be appointed to replace them, 
(d) make available long-term loans; provided that these will not exceed the amount of deposit or participation 
accounts subject to insurance, and be secured by the shares or other assets of the controlling shareholders, 
(e) limit or cease its non-performing operations and to dispose of its non-performing assets, 
(f) merge with one or more other interested bank(s), 
(g) provide new shareholders in order to increase its equity capital, 
(h) deduct any resulting losses from its own funds, and/or 
(i) take any other action that the BRSA may deem necessary.

--- Page 204 ---
185 
In the event that: (a) the aforementioned actions are not (in whole or in part) taken by the applicable bank within a 
period of time set forth by the BRSA or in any case within 12 months, (b) the financial structure of such bank cannot be 
strengthened despite its having taken such actions, (c) it is determined that taking these actions will not lead to the strengthening 
of the bank’s financial structure, (d) the continuation of the activities of such bank would jeopardise the rights of the depositors 
and the participation account owners and the security and stability of the financial system, (e) such bank cannot cover its 
liabilities as they become due, (f) the total amount of the liabilities of such bank exceeds the total amount of its assets or (g) the 
controlling shareholders or directors of such bank are found to have utilised such bank’s resources for their own interests, 
directly or indirectly or fraudulently, in a manner that jeopardised the secure functioning of the bank or caused such bank to 
sustain a loss as a result of such misuse, then the BRSA, with the affirmative vote of at least five of its board members, may 
revoke the licence of such bank to engage in banking operations and/or to accept deposits and transfer the management, 
supervision and control of the shareholding rights (excluding dividends) of such bank to the SDIF for the purpose of whole or 
partial transfer or sale of such bank to third persons or the merger thereof; provided that any loss is deducted from the share 
capital of current shareholders. 
In order for the advance identification of the appropriate response measures to be taken in case of the occurrence of 
any events (or probability of the occurrence of any events) that might weaken their financial structures, banks that are classified 
by the BRSA as systemically important banks (i.e., as D-SIBs) must create prevention plans and submit those to the BRSA. In 
the case of any determination of the occurrence of any such events (or probability of the occurrence of any such events) with 
respect to such a bank (on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis), such bank must implement the precautions indicated in 
their prevention plan and notify the BRSA of such circumstances and the BRSA may impose the implementation of such 
precautions. 
Any and all execution and bankruptcy proceedings (including preliminary injunction) against a bank whose license is 
revoked would be discontinued as from the date on which the BRSA’s decision to revoke such bank’s licence is published in 
the Official Gazette. From the date of revocation of such bank’s licence, the creditors of such bank may not assign their rights 
or take any action that could lead to assignment of their rights. The SDIF must take measures for the protection of the rights of 
depositors and other creditors of such bank. The SDIF is required to pay the insured deposits of such bank either by itself or 
through another bank it may designate. The SDIF is required to institute bankruptcy proceedings in the name of depositors 
against a bank whose banking licence is revoked. 
Annual Reporting 
Pursuant to the Banking Law, Turkish banks are required to follow the BRSA’s principles and procedures (which are 
established in consultation with the Turkish Accounting Standards Board and international standards) when preparing their 
annual reports. Turkish listed companies must also comply with the Communiqué on Principles of Financial Reporting in 
Capital Markets issued by the CMB. In addition, they must ensure uniformity in their accounting systems, correctly record all 
their transactions and prepare timely and accurate financial reports in a format that is clear, reliable and comparable as well as 
suitable for auditing, analysis and interpretation. 
Furthermore, Turkish companies (including banks) are required to comply with the Regulation regarding 
Determination of the Minimum Content of the Companies’ Annual Reports published by the Ministry of Customs and Trade, 
as well as the Corporate Governance Communiqué, when preparing their annual reports. These reports are required to include 
the following information: management and organisation structures, human resources, activities, financial situation, assessment 
of management and expectations and a summary of the directors’ report and independent auditor’s report. 
A bank cannot settle its balance sheets without ensuring reconciliation with the legal and auxiliary books and records 
of its branches and domestic and foreign correspondents. 
The BRSA is authorised to take necessary measures where it is determined that a bank’s financial statements have 
been misrepresented. 
Pursuant to the Regulation on the Principles and Procedures Concerning the Preparation of Annual Reports by Banks 
published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006, the chairman of the board, audit committee, general 
manager, deputy general manager responsible for financial reporting and the relevant unit manager (or equivalent authorities) 
must sign the reports indicating their full names and titles and declare that the financial statements comply with relevant 
legislation and accounting records.

--- Page 205 ---
186 
Independent auditors must perform an audit of, and provide an opinion on, the annual financial statements prepared 
by the banks. 
Banks are required to submit their financial statements to related authorities and publish them in accordance with the 
BRSA’s principles and procedures. 
According to BRSA regulations, the annual report is subject to the approval of the board of directors and must be 
submitted to shareholders at least 15 days before the annual general assembly of the bank. Banks also must submit an electronic 
copy of their annual reports to the BRSA within seven days following the publication of the reports. Banks must publish a copy 
of such reports on their websites by the end of May following the end of the relevant fiscal year. 
Amendments to the Regulation on the Principles and Procedures Regarding the Preparation of Annual Reports by 
Banks, which entered into force on 31 March 2016, require annual and interim financial statements of banks to include 
explanations regarding their risk management in line with the Regulation on Risk Management to be Disclosed to the Public. 
Disclosure of Financial Statements 
The BRSA published amendments (which entered into force on 31 March 2016) to the Communiqué on Financial 
Statements to be Disclosed to the Public setting forth principles of disclosure of annotated financial statements of banks in 
accordance with the Communiqué on Public Disclosure regarding Risk Management of Banks and the Equity Regulation. The 
amendments reflect the updated requirements relating to information to be disclosed to the public in line with the amendments 
to the calculation of risk-weighted assets and their implications for capital adequacy ratios, liquidity coverage ratios and 
leverage ratios. Rules relating to equity items presented in the financial statements were also amended in line with the 
amendments to the Equity Regulation. Additionally, banks are required to make necessary disclosures on their websites 
immediately upon repayment of a debt instrument, depreciation or conversion of a share certificate or occurrence of any other 
material change. 
In addition, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Public Disclosure regarding Risk Management of Banks, which 
expands the scope of public disclosure to be made in relation to risk management (which entered into force on 31 March 2016) 
in line with the disclosure requirements of the Basel Committee. According to this regulation, each bank is required to announce 
information regarding their consolidated and/or unconsolidated risk management related to risks arising from or in connection 
with securitisation, counterparty, credit, market and its operations in line with the standards and procedures specified in this 
regulation. Each bank is also required to form policies approved by its board of directors regarding internal audit and control 
processes relating to risk management. The Internal Control division controls the public disclosures made in relation to risk 
management. 
On 15 September 2018, the Ministry of Commerce issued a communiqué that sets forth the procedures and principles 
relating to the application of Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code, which article regulates the measures that Turkish 
companies (i.e., joint stock companies, limited liability companies and limited partnerships, in which the capital is divided into 
shares, including financial institutions) are required to adopt in case of loss of capital or insolvency. This new communiqué 
aims to clarify and complement the remedial actions that can be taken in relation to the treatment of foreign exchange losses in 
the calculation of the loss of capital or insolvency. As companies in Türkiye prepare their financial statements in Turkish Lira, 
the value of any foreign currency-denominated asset and liability is converted into Turkish Lira based upon the currency rate 
applicable as of the date of such financial statements; however, until 1 January 2024, the communiqué allows companies to 
disregard any losses arising from the exchange rate volatility of any outstanding foreign currency-denominated liability while 
making any capital loss or insolvency calculations. As such, companies will not be required to apply any measures set forth in 
Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code to maintain their capital if the relevant loss of capital or insolvency arises from 
currency fluctuations. 
Financial Services Fee 
Pursuant to Heading XI of Tariff No. 8 attached to the Law on Fees (Law No. 492) amended by the Law No. 5951, 
banks are required to pay to the relevant tax office to which their head office reports an annual financial services fee for each 
of their branches. The amount of the fee is determined in accordance with the population of the district in which the relevant 
branch is located.

--- Page 206 ---
187 
Corporate Governance Principles 
The Corporate Governance Communiqué provides certain mandatory and non-mandatory corporate governance 
principles as well as rules regarding related-party transactions and a company’s investor relations department. Some provisions 
of the Corporate Governance Communiqué are applicable to all companies incorporated in Türkiye and listed on the Borsa 
İstanbul, whereas some others are applicable solely to companies whose shares are traded in certain markets of the Borsa 
İstanbul. The Corporate Governance Communiqué provides specific exemptions and/or rules applicable to banks that are traded 
on the Borsa İstanbul. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is subject to the corporate governance principles stated in the banking 
regulations and the regulations for capital markets that are applicable to banks. The Bank is required to state in its annual activity 
report whether it is in compliance with the principles applicable to it under the Corporate Governance Communiqué. In case of 
any non-compliance, explanations regarding such non-compliance are also required to be included in such report. Should the 
Bank fail to comply with any mandatory obligations, then it may be subject to sanctions from the CMB. In its latest annual 
report before the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank stated that it was in compliance with the mandatory principles of the 
Corporate Governance Communiqué. 
The Corporate Governance Communiqué contains principles relating to: (a) companies’ shareholders and other 
stakeholders, (b) public disclosure and transparency and (c) boards of directors. A number of principles are compulsory, while 
the remaining principles apply on a “comply or explain” basis. The Corporate Governance Communiqué classifies listed 
companies into three categories according to their market capitalisation and the market value of their free-float shares, subject 
to recalculation on an annual basis. The Bank is classified as a “1st Group” company. 
The mandatory principles under the Corporate Governance Communiqué include provisions relating to: (a) the 
composition of the board of directors, (b) appointment of independent board members, (c) board committees, (d) specific 
corporate approval requirements for related party transactions, transactions that may result in a conflict of interest and certain 
other transactions deemed material by the Corporate Governance Communiqué and (e) information rights in connection with 
general assembly meetings. According to the Corporate Governance Communiqué, banks may, taking into account the size of 
their operations and type of their structures, determine their corporate governance principles based upon those stated in the 
Corporate Governance Communiqué provided that they comply with the principles and procedures set out in the Banking Law 
and the provisions of other regulations entered into effect in accordance therewith. 
Listed companies are required to have independent board members, who should meet the mandatory qualifications 
required for independent board members as set out in the Corporate Governance Communiqué. Independent board members 
should constitute at least one-third of the board of directors and should not be fewer than two; however, publicly traded banks 
are required to appoint at least three independent board members to their board of directors, which directors may be selected 
from the members of the bank’s audit committee, in which case the mandatory qualifications required for independent members 
are not applicable; provided that when all independent board members are selected from the audit committee, at least one 
member should meet the mandatory qualification required for independent board members as set out in the Corporate 
Governance Communiqué. The Corporate Governance Communiqué further initiated a pre-assessment system to determine the 
“independency” of individuals nominated as independent board members in “1st Group” companies (for banks, to the extent 
such independent board members are not members of that bank’s audit committee). Those nominated for such positions must 
be evaluated by the “Corporate Governance Committee” or the “Nomination Committee,” if any, of the board of directors for 
fulfilling the applicable criteria stated in the Corporate Governance Communiqué. The board of directors is required to prepare 
a list of nominees based upon this evaluation for final review by the CMB, which is authorised to issue a “negative view” on 
any nominee and prevent their appointment as independent members of the board of directors. The Corporate Governance 
Communiqué also requires listed companies to establish certain other board committees; however, banks are exempt from this 
requirement for the audit committee, early detection of risk committee and remuneration committee. 
In addition to the mandatory principles regarding the composition of the board and the independent board members, 
the Corporate Governance Communiqué introduced specific corporate approval requirements for all material related party 
transactions. All those types of transactions shall be approved by the majority of the independent board members. If not, then 
they shall be brought to the general assembly meeting where related parties to those transactions are not allowed to vote. Meeting 
quorum shall not be sought for these resolutions and the resolution quorum is the simple majority of the attendees who may 
vote. For banks and financial institutions, transactions with related parties arising from their ordinary activities are not subject 
to the requirements of related party transactions. 
The Capital Markets Law authorises the CMB to require listed companies to comply with the corporate governance 
principles in whole or in part and to take certain measures with a view to monitor compliance with the new principles, which

--- Page 207 ---
188 
include requesting injunctions from the court or filing lawsuits to determine or to revoke any unlawful transactions or actions 
that contradict with these principles. 
In addition to the provisions of the Corporate Governance Communiqué related to the remuneration policy of banks, 
the BRSA published a guideline on good pricing practices in banks, which entered into force on 31 March 2016. This guideline 
sets out the general principles for employee remuneration as well as standards for remuneration to be made to the board of 
directors and senior management of banks. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is in compliance with the mandatory principles under the Corporate 
Governance Communiqué, as well as with applicable requirements for having independent directors. 
On 2 October 2020, the CMB amended the Corporate Governance Communiqué to provide that publicly held 
companies that are subject to the corporate governance principles are also to be subject to the principles specified in the 
Sustainability Principles Compliance Framework (in Turkish: Sürdürülebilirlik İlkeleri Uyum Çerçevesi), which seeks to 
increase Turkish companies’ attention to environmental, social and corporate governance principles and thereby enhance their 
attractiveness to international investors. Although the application of such principles is voluntary for publicly held companies, 
companies are required to state in their annual activity report whether they adhere to the principles (i.e., “comply or explain”). 
Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-Bribery 
Please see “The Group and its Business – Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-
Bribery Policies.” 
Consumer Loan, Provisioning and Credit Card Regulations 
On 8 October 2013, the BRSA published regulations that aim to limit the expansion of individual loans and payments 
(especially credit card instalments). The rules: (a) include overdrafts on deposit accounts and loans on credit cards in the 
category of consumer loans for purposes of provisioning requirements, (b) set a limit for credit cards issued to consumers who 
apply for a credit card for the first time if their income cannot be determined by the bank, (c) require credit card issuers to 
monitor cardholders’ income levels before each limit increase of the credit card and (d) increase the minimum monthly payment 
required to be made by cardholders. The Central Bank also adjusts from time to time the monthly cap on individual and 
commercial credit card interest rates and the commission rates that can be applied by banks for their “acquisition” of vouchers 
from merchants, any of which changes might make the related business less profitable (or even unprofitable). In addition, 
pursuant to the Banking Law, the Central Bank is empowered to determine the maximum interest rates for lending and deposit-
taking activities of banks, as well as any fees, expenses and commissions charged by them. 
Loan Transactions 
On 31 December 2013, the BRSA adopted rules on loan-to-value and instalments of certain types of loans and, on 
27 September 2016, the BRSA made certain amendments to such rules. Pursuant to these rules, the minimum loan-to-value 
requirement for housing loans extended to consumers, financial lease transactions for housing and loans (except auto loans) 
secured by houses is 80% (which was 75% before such amendments), with exceptions for houses that have an energy 
identification document within the scope of the Energy Efficiency Law No. 5627, for which a higher loan-to-value percentage 
is applicable. On 19 March 2020, the BRSA (as part of the measures taken against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic) 
published a resolution that increased such loan-to-value requirement to 90% for houses worth TL 500,000 or less; provided that 
such loans are made to consumers and are not used for the purchase of autos. On 23 June 2022 and 24 February 2023, the BRSA 
imposed different loan-to-value requirements for housing loans utilised for new and existing homes, again with respect to a 
house’s sales value and energy efficiencies. In addition, the Regulation on Loan Transactions of Banks sets maximum loan-to-
value ratios for auto loans extended to consumers, loans secured by autos and autos leased under financial lease transactions, 
the loan-to-value limit for which varies depending upon the sales price of the applicable vehicle. 
On 16 September 2021, the BRSA reduced the overall maturity limit for general purpose loans from 36 months to 24 
months for loans over TL 50,000. The BRSA also provided that general purpose loans granted before such date can be 
restructured, for a maximum of 36 months, if requested by the borrower even if their debt balances are over TL 50,000. 
According to the regulations announced by the BRSA, the total amount of general purpose loans that have more than 24 months 
maturity and that have been granted after such date must be limited TL 50,000 per customer and each bank is required to monitor 
this limit for its own customers. On 9 June 2022, the BRSA further reduced the maturity limit for general purpose loans from 
24 months to 12 months for loans over TL 100,000; however, the BRSA also provided that general purpose loans granted before

--- Page 208 ---
189 
16 September 2021 can be restructured, for a maximum of 36 months, and general purpose loans granted between 16 September 
2021 and 9 June 2022 can be restructured, for a maximum of 24 months, if requested by the borrower even if their debt balances 
are over TL 50,000. 
Due to two large earthquakes in Kahramanmaraş on 6 February 2023 that affected 10 different cities, on 7 and 
10 February 2023, the BRSA announced (inter alia) the following provisional measures to be applied until 1 January 2024 
regarding loan transactions of natural and legal persons located in the affected cities (and on 23 February 2023, the BRSA 
extended such provisional measures to other regions that satisfy certain criteria to be considered disaster areas): 
 
banks may determine grace periods and/or maturities of retail loans that are newly provided or restructured, 
 
the maturity thresholds determined under the Regulation on Loan Transactions shall not be applied, 
 
subject to the request of a borrower, such borrower’s principal and interest payments shall be delayed for at 
least six months; however, whether or not requested by a borrower, so long as no interest/profit share is to be 
paid by such borrower as a result of such postponement, then such payments shall be delayed for at least six 
months, and 
 
in the case of the delay of principal and interest payments for vehicle and retail loans upon the request of the 
borrower, the maturity thresholds determined under the Regulation on Loan Transactions shall not be applied. 
Caps on Fees, Commissions and POS Commission Rates 
The BRSA and Central Bank have issued various laws in late 2019 and early 2020 that impose limitations on certain 
fees and commissions that Turkish banks may charge to customers. On 16 October 2019, the Central Bank introduced an 
amendment to cap the commission rates applied by banks in their “point of sale” (POS) business. The Central Bank then issued 
the Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates and Participation Accounts Profit and Loss Participation Rates (the 
“Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates”) and the Communiqué on Procedures and Principles of Fees to be Collected 
by Banks from Commercial Customers (the “Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees”), both of which became effective 
as of 1 March 2020 (for the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees, most of the provisions relating to fees became 
effective as of 1 April 2020) and impose certain such limitations. Pursuant to these communiqués, the caps on POS commission 
rates for purchases of goods and service were subjected to revision by reference to a monthly reference rate determined by the 
Central Bank plus a fixed rate set out under the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees, which rates are adjusted by taking 
into account the number of days between the day of a purchase transaction and the day on which the amount from such purchase 
is transferred by the applicable bank to the applicable merchant. In August 2021, the Central Bank (though increasing the fees 
that can be charged for ATM usage and commissions that can be collected from the use of POS systems) introduced further 
limits. 
The Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees further sets out standardised fees and caps that are to be charged to 
commercial customers depending upon the category of the applicable product and service. Turkish banks are required to apply 
to the Central Bank to charge any fees or commissions to commercial customers other than those listed under the Communiqué 
on Commercial Customer Fees. These limits include (inter alia) limits on fees for electronic funds transfers, credit allocation 
fees, credit underwriting fees and prepayment fees. Banks also are required to accept a commercial customer’s request for 
prepayment of all of such customer’s credit debt (for which prepayment the bank may charge a prepayment fee subject to certain 
limitations under the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees). 
Foreign Currency Restrictions 
F/X Loan Restriction. Decree 32 and the Capital Movements Circular of the Central Bank (the “Capital Movements 
Circular”) were amended, effective as of 2 May 2018, in order to introduce restrictions on Turkish resident legal entities 
utilising foreign currency loans. While this regime maintained the previous prohibition on Turkish individuals utilising foreign 
exchange loans and foreign exchange-indexed loans, it introduced a strict prohibition on Turkish resident non-bank legal entities 
(each a “Corporate Borrower”) utilising foreign currency-indexed loans, imposed restrictions on Corporate Borrowers utilising 
foreign currency loans (the “F/X Loan Restriction”) and provided exemptions relating to a borrower’s foreign currency income 
(the “F/X Income Exemption”) and foreign currency activities (the “Activity Exemption”) and based upon the unpaid outstanding 
balance of a borrower’s total foreign currency loans (the “Loan Balance”).

--- Page 209 ---
190 
As far as the F/X Income Exemption is concerned, if the Loan Balance of a Corporate Borrower is below US$15 
million, then the sum of the foreign currency loans to be utilised and the existing Loan Balance must not be more than the 
combined value of such Corporate Borrower’s foreign currency income as stated in its financial statements for the last three 
fiscal years. Turkish-resident financial institution lenders are required to control whether a Corporate Borrower complies with 
this rule. In case of any non-compliance with the F/X Loan Restriction rules, Turkish-resident financial institution lenders are 
required either to cancel or convert into Turkish Lira the portion of the foreign currency loans to such Corporate Borrower that 
exceeds this value within 10 business days after the date of determination. The cancelled or converted portion of the relevant 
loans are then deducted from the credit balance of such Corporate Borrower. In case of a breach of this obligation, an 
administrative monetary fine might be imposed. 
In respect of the Activity Exemption, a legal entity must qualify as a public institution, bank, factoring, financial 
leasing or financing company resident in Türkiye in order to utilise foreign currency loans. In the case of Corporate Borrowers, 
the Activity Exemption must relate to an activity performed in the last three fiscal years in the context of, among others: (a) a 
domestic tender with an international element awarded to such Corporate Borrower, (b) defence industry projects approved by 
the Undersecretariat of Defence Industry, (c) public-private partnership projects or (d) an export, transit trade, sales and related 
deliveries subject to the relevant Corporate Borrower certifying the scope of its relevant activity and its potential sources of 
foreign currency incomes (muhtemel döviz geliri). Additionally, loans within the scope of an investment incentive certificate 
also benefit from the Activity Exemption; provided that a Corporate Borrower is required to declare whether any foreign 
currency loan has been previously utilised based upon the same investment incentive certificate and, if so, such statement must 
be accompanied with information on the utilisation date, total amount and intermediary bank. On 8 December 2020, the Turkish 
Treasury extended the scope of the Activity Exemption by including foreign currency loans made to Turkish-resident legal 
entities that are shareholders of a Turkish-resident legal entity operating a project established as a public-private partnership if 
the proceeds of such loan are to be added to the capital of such operating company or are to be used in the project. On 8 July 
2021, the Turkish Treasury limited the scope of the Activity Exemption for foreign currency loans for renewable energy 
generation projects and revised the rules such that both licensed generating plants initiating their operations after 1 July 2021 
and certain unlicensed generating plants cannot benefit from the Activity Exemption. 
F/X Transaction Restriction. On 13 September 2018, Decree 32 was amended to impose restrictions on the use of, or 
indexing to, foreign currency in the following contracts executed between Persons residing in Türkiye: sale and purchase of 
movable and immovable property, leasing of all kinds of movable and immovable property (including vehicle and financial 
leasing), employment, service and construction contracts. According to such amendments, Turkish residents were required to 
amend any relevant contract so that the contract price and all other payment obligations thereunder were re-determined in 
Turkish Lira within a 30-day transition period (i.e., by 13 October 2018). On 6 October 2018 and 16 November 2018, the 
Turkish Treasury issued an amending communiqué that broadened the scope of, but provided certain exemptions to, these 
restrictions. Among other exemptions, capital market instruments (including any Notes issued directly to Turkish investors, 
subject to restrictions applicable to a resident of Türkiye on directly investing in Notes (or beneficial interests therein) issued 
outside of Türkiye – see “Transfer and Selling Restrictions”) are exempt from these restrictions. Accordingly, the issuance, 
purchase and sale of capital market instruments in accordance with the Capital Markets Law may be denominated in, or indexed 
to, foreign currency. 
In August 2018, the BRSA capped Turkish banks’ exposure under swap, spot and forward transactions with non-
residents of Türkiye (except transactions with such banks’ non-resident financial subsidiaries and other affiliates that are subject 
to consolidation) under which transactions the Turkish bank initially pays Turkish Lira and receives foreign currency and, at 
the maturity date, such bank pays foreign currency and receives Turkish Lira to 25% of a bank’s regulatory capital, then reduced 
this level to 10% in February 2020. On 12 April 2020, as part of the government’s efforts to contain the possible adverse effects 
on the Turkish economy of the global uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the BRSA issued a press release 
announcing that this level was reduced to 1%, which level was then returned to 10% on 25 September 2020. In the case of a 
bank exceeding this level, new transactions may not be executed or renewed until this level (which is calculated on a daily basis) 
is attained. In addition, written approval of the BRSA is required in case there needs to be a cancellation or extension of any of 
these derivatives transactions. 
On 18 December 2019, the BRSA announced that the total notional amount of a Turkish bank’s currency swaps, 
forwards, options and other similar products with non-residents in Türkiye (except transactions with such banks’ non-resident 
financial subsidiaries and other affiliates that are subject to consolidation) with a remaining maturity of seven days or fewer 
where, at the maturity date, such bank pays Turkish Lira and receives foreign exchange shall not exceed 10% of such bank’s 
most recently calculated regulatory capital. With its press release on 12 April 2020, the BRSA amended this threshold by 
announcing that transactions with a remaining maturity of seven days or fewer shall not exceed 1% of the applicable bank’s 
most recently calculated regulatory capital on any given calendar date, which threshold was then returned to 2% on 
25 September 2020 and then increased to 5% on 11 November 2020 (as of such date, a threshold of 10% is applied for

--- Page 210 ---
191 
transactions with a remaining maturity of 30 days or fewer and 30% for transactions with a remaining maturity of one year or 
less). 
Amendments to the Turkish Insolvency and Restructuring Regime 
The Enforcement and Bankruptcy Law No. 2004 prevents a contractual arrangement by which a contractual event of 
default clause is stipulated to be triggered in case any application is made by a Turkish company for debt restructuring upon 
settlement (uzlaşma yoluyla yeniden yapılandırma) within the scope of this law. In addition, changes were introduced to this 
law on 15 March 2018 that (inter alia) states that the contractual termination, default and acceleration clauses of an agreement 
cannot be triggered in case the debtor makes a concordat application and such application shall not constitute a breach of such 
agreement. 
On 15 August 2018, the BRSA published the Regulation on Restructuring of Debts in the Financial Sector (the 
“Restructuring Regulation”), which was amended on 21 November 2018 and 12 September 2019, with a view to regulate a 
financial restructuring opportunity for Turkish companies that have entered into loan transactions with: (a) Turkish banks, (b) 
financial lease, factoring and financing companies, (c) banks and financial institutions established outside Türkiye, (d) 
multilateral banks and institutions that directly invest in Türkiye, (e) special purpose companies established by the foregoing 
institutions for collection of receivables and/or (f) investment funds established as per the Capital Market Law (“Creditor 
Institutions”). The Restructuring Regulation sets forth the procedures and principles on financial restructuring framework 
agreement(s) (the “Framework Agreement”) to be executed amongst the Creditor Institutions. 
Accordingly, implementation of the restructuring for companies that are financially indebted against banks and other 
financial institutions for an outstanding principal amount of TL 25 million or more has been initiated with a framework 
published on the website of the Banks Association of Türkiye on 14 October 2019. On 8 November 2019, implementation of a 
restructuring regime for companies that are financially indebted against banks and other financial institutions for an outstanding 
principal amount of less than TL 25 million was published. On 16 July 2021, the Banks Association of Türkiye amended the 
framework agreement and increased the outstanding principal amount of TL 25 million to TL 100 million. As such, certain 
borrowers of the Bank might apply for restructuring of their debt. 
Credit Guarantee Fund 
The KGF was established pursuant to Decree No. 93/4496 dated 14 July 1993 in order to provide guarantees for SMEs 
and other enterprises, in particular, to those that are not able to obtain bank loans due to their insufficient collateral. In order to 
improve financing possibilities and contribute to the effective operation of the credit system, pursuant to provisional Article 20 
of the Law regarding the Regulation of Public Financing and Debt Management (Law No. 4749) dated 28 March 2002, 
resources up to TL 2 billion could be transferred by the Minister in charge of the Turkish Treasury to the credit guarantee 
institutions. Such amount was increased to TL 25 billion in accordance with the Law No. 6770 dated 18 January 2017. In 
addition, pursuant to Decree No. 2016/9538 on Treasury Support to be provided to the Credit Guarantee Institutions (published 
in the Official Gazette No. 29896 and dated 22 November 2016) (as amended), the KGF guarantees are supported by the Turkish 
Treasury. Pursuant to an amendment to such Decree that was published in the Official Gazette dated 30 March 2020, the Turkish 
Development and Investment Bank was added among the eligible lenders and natural persons were explicitly added as eligible 
borrowers. On 30 March 2020, an additional TL 25 billion limit was allocated by the government under the KGF guarantee in 
order to address the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, increasing the amount available under the KGF programme 
to TL 185 billion, and the total amount of guarantees that may be given by the KGF was increased from TL 250 billion to 
TL 500 billion (along with increases in the guarantee limits with respect to individual borrower groups). On 13 August 2022, 
the total amount of guarantees that may be given by the KGF was increased from TL 500 billion to TL 1 trillion. Additional 
increases have been implemented that are tailored to specific sectors. 
Pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 162 published in the Official Gazette dated 11 October 2018, loans guaranteed by 
the Turkish Treasury under the KGF programme may be restructured up to 96 months for working capital loans and up to 
156 months for investment loans. Such Presidential Decree also requires lenders to provide an opportunity to borrowers to 
restructure their KGF-guaranteed loans prior to any recourse to the KGF guarantee. 
Turkish Lira Borrowing Restrictions 
On 24 June 2022, the BRSA introduced Turkish Lira borrowing restrictions for non-financial institution companies 
that are subject to independent audit. Pursuant to these restrictions, such companies may only borrow Turkish Lira-denominated 
commercial cash loans from Turkish banks and financial leasing, factoring and financing companies subject to various

--- Page 211 ---
192 
restrictions depending upon the amount of their foreign currency assets (including (inter alia) gold, foreign currency cash, 
foreign exchange deposits and foreign currency-denominated securities but excluding foreign currency-denominated securities 
issued by Türkiye itself). 
According to these restrictions, these companies with such foreign currency assets of the equivalent of at least TL 10 
million at the time of loan application are not permitted to receive Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (including 
swap transactions) from Turkish banks and financial leasing, factoring and financing companies if such foreign currency assets 
exceed 5% of the higher of their total assets and net sales revenue for the most recent financial year. The BRSA has, however, 
provided an exception for companies who are not permitted to borrow Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans due to 
this restriction and foreign currency-denominated loans due to other restrictions imposed by applicable laws at the time of the 
loan application, which companies are permitted to borrow Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans in an amount up 
to the amount of their three month foreign currency net position deficit as declared by the company at the time of loan application 
and then confirmed by the company’s independent auditors or a certified public accountant at the end of every three month 
period. Where any such companies have entities that consolidate into them, these calculations are made on a consolidated basis 
(though disregarding non-Turkish entities). 
Such companies with such foreign currency assets of less than the above-noted amount are permitted to borrow Turkish 
Lira-denominated commercial cash loans; provided that they submit a declaration that: (a) their current foreign exchange assets, 
total assets and net sales revenue for the most recent financial year do not exceed the relevant thresholds at the time of the loan 
application and (b) they undertake that the Turkish Lira equivalent of their foreign exchange assets will not exceed such amount 
(or, if it exceeds such amount, it will not exceed 5% of the higher of their total assets and net sales revenue for the last financial 
year ending during the term of such loan). In addition, such companies must (every three months) submit to the lending bank(s) 
a declaration confirmed by their independent auditor or a certified public accountant reaffirming that the above remain true in 
order to ensure that such bank(s) is/are able to monitor such declaration and undertaking. 
Additional COVID-19-Related Temporary Measures 
In addition to the other temporary measures described above relating to the government’s response to the COVID-19 
pandemic, the BRSA announced on 23 March 2020 (effective until 31 December 2020) and 16 April 2020 certain measures to 
support banks’ calculation of capital adequacy ratios and net foreign currency positions. Pursuant to these rules, banks are 
entitled to: 
(a) use 31 December 2019 exchange rates in certain capital and other calculations, which was then revised by 
the BRSA on 8 December 2020 (and further extended on 17 June 2021 and 16 September 2021) to allow banks to use 
the arithmetic mean of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates during the previous 252 business days as of 
the calculation date until such date as determined by the BRSA (on 21 December 2021, the BRSA announced that 
banks shall (if using this approach) use the average of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates during the 
252 business days ending on 31 December 2021; on 28 April 2022, the BRSA amended this rule so that, until such 
date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 31 December 
2021 in certain capital and other calculations; and on 31 January 2023, the BRSA further amended this rule so that, 
until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 
30 December 2022 in such calculations), 
(b) calculate the level of capital used in capital adequacy ratio calculations by disregarding through 
31 December 2020 (as per the BRSA’s decision dated 8 December 2020, extended through 30 June 2021) the negative 
net valuation differences related to securities held as of 23 March 2020 in the portfolio of financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income (on 17 June 2021, the BRSA indefinitely suspended the application of clause (b) 
from 30 June 2021, and then, as per its decision dated 21 December 2021, ended the suspension other than for the 
securities whose fair value difference is reflected in other comprehensive income were negative as of 21 December 
2021, for securities after 21 December 2021 whose fair value difference is reflected in other comprehensive income, 
the relevant provisions of the Regulation on Banks’ Equity will continue to be implemented), and 
(c) use 0% risk weightings for foreign currency-denominated receivables owed by the centralised 
administration (i.e., Turkish state institutions and other public institutions that do not have a separate legal entity and 
act under the legal entity of the Turkish sovereign) while calculating the amount of exposure subject to credit risk in 
accordance with the standardised approach as determined under the Capital Adequacy Regulation. 
On 27 March 2020, in line with the Economic Stability Shield Package announced by President Erdoğan on 18 March 
2020, the Banks Association of Türkiye issued a press release regarding a new “Check Payment Credit Support” and “Economic

--- Page 212 ---
193 
Stability Shield Credit Support” for banks. These governmental credit supports, pursuant to which banks were able to provide 
loans to corporate, commercial and (in particular) SME clients, had a maturity of 12 months and an interest rate of 
9.5% per annum and required no principal or interest payments for three months. The maximum credit amounts that could be 
lent by a Turkish bank to a customer under these support programmes was determined based upon such customer’s annual 
turnover. 
On 18 April 2020, the BRSA introduced (and on 30 April 2020 clarified) a new test referred to as the “Asset Ratio,” 
which ratio banks (excluding development and investment banks and banks under the management of the SDIF) were originally 
required to meet (on an unconsolidated basis) on a weekly basis starting from 1 May 2020. The monthly average of the Asset 
Ratio, which was a modified form of a financial assets (e.g., loans and securities) to deposits ratio and was (inter alia) intended 
to measure (and encourage) a bank’s use of deposits for active lending (particularly in Turkish Lira) as opposed to investing in 
securities or other financial assets (particularly in foreign currencies), was not to be lower than 100% for deposit-taking banks 
and 80% for participation banks (which ratios were later reduced to 90% and 70%). Any failure to satisfy this minimum level 
would have subjected the applicable bank to a fine of up to 5% of the shortfall, which fine was not to be less than TL 500,000 
in any case. As of 24 November 2020, this requirement was eliminated by the BRSA (effective as of 31 December 2020) as 
part of the normalisation process after the initial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
On 22 April 2020, the Central Bank increased from 20% to 30% its limit on the amount of a bank’s swap sales (i.e., 
purchase of a bank’s foreign exchange by the Central Bank in return for Turkish Lira) in relation to such bank’s total foreign 
exchange transaction limits with the Central Bank. In May 2020, the Central Bank gradually increased this limit from 30% to 
50%, which was increased further to 60% on 26 November 2020. These changes were expected to result in an increase in the 
foreign exchange reserves held by the Central Bank while enabling Turkish banks to access additional Turkish Lira funding. 
On 5 May 2020, the BRSA imposed a new requirement that certain Turkish Lira transactions (i.e., Turkish Lira-
denominated placements, loans, deposits and repurchase transactions) performed by a Turkish bank with foreign financial 
institutions, including such Turkish bank’s foreign branches and consolidated foreign subsidiaries regarded as credit institutions 
and financial institutions, are limited to 0.5% (increased to 2.5% as of 30 November 2020) of such Turkish bank’s latest 
calculated shareholders’ equity (as calculated daily on a bank-only basis) as reported to the BRSA on a monthly basis. If a 
Turkish bank exceeds such limit, then such bank is not be allowed to enter into any new such transactions (or renew any existing 
such transactions upon their maturity) until such bank is in compliance with this limit. On 20 May 2020, the BRSA declared 
that any such transactions that clear through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg are not to be included in the numerator of 
such calculation (on 28 July 2020, the BRSA clarified that this exemption will be limited only to the clearing activities of 
securities denominated in Turkish Lira and exempted from the restrictions on access to Turkish Lira swap transactions that 
satisfy certain criteria). On 6 August 2020, the BRSA announced certain exemptions to this restriction in favour of foreign 
financial institutions (other than international development banks) for the following transactions: (a) entering into foreign 
currency swap trades, under which the foreign financial institution buys Turkish Lira in exchange for foreign currency at the 
initial exchange date (i.e., where the foreign bank will sell Turkish Lira at the maturity date), (b) entering into swap trades 
entered into in the Borsa İstanbul foreign exchange swap market, where the foreign bank buys Turkish Lira in exchange for 
foreign currency at the initial exchange date, (c) entering into repo and reverse repo transactions in the Borsa İstanbul repo 
market and (d) holding Turkish Lira- denominated deposits with Turkish banks; provided, in each case, that: (i) the foreign 
financial institution may only invest in Turkish Lira denominated securities with the Turkish Lira received as a result of such 
transactions, and must deposit any excess Turkish Lira liquidity into accounts held with Turkish financial institutions, and (ii) 
the relevant foreign financial institution must give an undertaking to its Turkish counterpart with respect to the intended use of 
Turkish Lira proceeds and obtain the BRSA’s prior approval in this respect. On 30 November 2020, the BRSA further exempted 
from this calculation overdraft facilities extended to foreign financial institutions. This new measure aims to increase the 
efficient use of Turkish Lira resources and is expected to be effective until the extraordinary conditions that exist due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic have ceased. 
On 20 June 2020, the Central Bank announced the temporary suspension (until 25 December 2020) of its 9 December 
2019 rule on having adjusted real loan growth rate lower than 15% for banks with an annual real loan growth rate higher than 
15% in order for such banks to able to benefit from certain reserve requirement incentives. This change primarily focused on 
the increased loan demand of both corporates and individuals, whose cash flows are impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, 
while aiming to provide banks with flexibility in meeting such loan demand. This rule was then permanently repealed on 
27 November 2020 as noted in “-Liquidity and Reserve Requirements” above.

--- Page 213 ---
194 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form (with or without interest coupons attached) or registered form 
(without interest coupons attached), in each case either as Global Notes or Definitive Notes. Bearer Notes may (subject to 
certain limited exceptions) be issued only in “offshore transactions” to Persons who are not U.S. persons in reliance upon 
Regulation S and Registered Notes may be issued in “offshore transactions” to Persons who are not U.S. persons in reliance 
upon Regulation S, to Dealers for resale to QIBs in reliance upon Rule 144A or otherwise in transactions that are exempt from, 
or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global note (a “Temporary Bearer 
Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a “Permanent Bearer Global Note” 
and, with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a “Bearer Global Note”), which, in either case, will: 
(a) if such Bearer Global Notes are issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original Issue Date of such Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, and 
(b) if such Bearer Global Notes are not issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be 
delivered on or prior to the original Issue Date of such Tranche to a Common Depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and on all interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections of the Code referred to above provide that United States investors, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons with respect thereto and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Bearer Notes or interest 
coupons. 
Beneficial interests in Notes that are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
NGN Form. Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner that would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility (though, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche in NGN form 
do not comply with certain of the conditions of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria so as to be recognised by the ECB as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem eligibility). Any indication that a Bearer Global Note is to be so held does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Temporary Bearer Global Notes. Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments 
of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of such Note due prior to the applicable Exchange Date 
(as defined below) will be made (against presentation of such Temporary Bearer Global Note if such Temporary Bearer Global 
Note is not issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the owners of 
beneficial interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or Persons who have purchased for resale to 
any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has/have given a like certification (based upon the certifications 
it has received) to the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 214 ---
195 
For any Temporary Bearer Global Note, after the date (the “Exchange Date”) that begins immediately upon the 
expiration of a 40 day period after the later of the commencement of the offering of the applicable Tranche and such Tranche’s 
Issue Date, beneficial interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for: (a) beneficial interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (b) Definitive 
Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms and subject, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given; 
provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive Definitive Bearer Notes. The 
holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, 
principal or other amount due on or after the applicable Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of such 
Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for Definitive Bearer Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Permanent Bearer Global Notes. Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer 
Global Note will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note (if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification in the manner described in the previous paragraph. 
Exchange from Permanent Bearer Global Notes to Definitive Bearer Notes. The applicable Final Terms of a Tranche 
of Permanent Bearer Global Notes will specify that such Permanent Bearer Global Notes will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for Definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons attached only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that: (a) an Event of Default has occurred and 
is continuing with respect to the applicable Series, (b) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, whether 
statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor 
clearing system is available or (c) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences that would not be suffered 
were the Notes represented by the applicable Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form and, accordingly, the Issuer has 
elected to request the exchange of such Permanent Bearer Global Note. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to the applicable Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event described in clause (a) or (b) of the 
definition of Exchange Event in the preceding paragraph, the applicable Clearing System(s) (or any Person acting on their 
respective behalf), acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in the applicable Permanent Bearer Global Note, may 
give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting such an exchange. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described 
in clause (c) of such definition, the Issuer may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting such an exchange. Any such exchange 
will occur no later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant such notice by the Fiscal Agent. 
Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depositary or other 
institution for the purposes of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian law of 14 December 2005. 
Registered Notes 
The portion of the Registered Notes (or beneficial interests therein) of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance upon 
Regulation S in offshore transactions to Persons other than U.S. persons will initially be represented by a global note in 
registered form (each a “Regulation S Registered Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, by a registered 
note in definitive form (a “Definitive Regulation S Registered Note” and, with each Regulation S Registered Global Note, a 
“Regulation S Registered Note;” the Bearer Notes and Regulation S Registered Notes being, collectively, the “Regulation S 
Notes”). Prior to expiration of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to a Tranche of 
Regulation S Registered Notes, a Regulation S Registered Note (or beneficial interests therein) of such Tranche may not be 
offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person and such Regulation S Registered Note will be subject to the 
restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear the applicable restrictive legend described in “Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions.” 
The portion of the Registered Notes (or beneficial interests therein) of each Tranche offered and sold in the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons may only be offered and sold by the Issuer or any Person acting on 
its behalf: (a) to Institutional Accredited Investors who execute and deliver to the Issuer an IAI Investment Letter in which they 
agree to purchase such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) for their own account and not with a view to the distribution 
thereof, (b) to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or (c) in transactions that are otherwise exempt from, or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional Accredited Investors

--- Page 215 ---
196 
as described in clause (a) will be represented by one or more global note(s) in registered form (each an “IAI Global Note”) or 
in definitive form (each an “IAI Definitive Note” and, with the IAI Global Notes, the “IAI Notes”) and the Registered Notes of 
each Tranche sold to QIBs as described in clause (b) will be represented by one or more global note(s) in registered form (each 
a “Rule 144A Global Note” and, with the Regulation S Registered Global Notes and the IAI Global Notes, each a “Registered 
Global Note”). 
Registered Global Notes will either be: (a) deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, 
DTC or (b) deposited with: (i) a Common Depositary or (ii) if the Registered Global Notes are to be held under the “new 
safekeeping structure” for registered global securities that are intended to constitute eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy operations (the “NSS”), a Common Safekeeper, in each case, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and will be 
registered in the name of a nominee of that Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under 
the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of Definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are to be held under the NSS, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner that would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility (though, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche to be held 
under the NSS do not comply with certain conditions of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria so as to be recognised by the ECB 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem eligibility). Any indication that a Registered Global Note is to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for Registered Global Notes to be held under 
the NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
The Notes of each Tranche sold by the Issuer to U.S. persons who are Institutional Accredited Investors (other than 
through one or more Dealer(s) under Rule 144A) will be Registered Notes in either definitive form (i.e., IAI Definitive Notes) 
or global form (i.e., IAI Global Notes). Unless otherwise set forth in the applicable Final Terms, IAI Notes will be issued only 
in minimum denominations of US$500,000 and integral multiples of US$1,000 in excess thereof (or its approximate equivalent 
in the applicable other Specified Currency at the time of issuance). IAI Notes will be subject to the restrictions on transfer set 
forth therein and will bear the restrictive legend described in “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
The Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of a Registered Note will, in the absence of provision 
to the contrary, be made in the manner provided in Condition 7 to the Person shown on the Register as the registered holder of 
such Registered Note as of the relevant Record Date. None of the Issuer or any Agent (including the Registrar) will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial 
ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes (including any payments pursuant to Conditions 7.8 and 7.9) or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Exchange from Registered Global Notes to Definitive Registered Notes. The applicable Final Terms of a Tranche of 
Registered Global Notes will specify that such Registered Global Notes will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but 
(except with respect to clause (a) of the definition of Exchange Event in the next sentence) not in part, for Definitive Registered 
Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that: (a) an Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to the applicable Series, (b) if the applicable Registered Global Note is 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act 
as a depository for such Notes and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency 
registered under the Exchange Act and no alternative clearing system is available, (c) if the applicable Registered Global Note 
is registered in the name of a nominee for a Common Depositary or, as the case may be, Common Safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed 
for business for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, whether statutory or otherwise) or have 
announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available, or 
(d) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences that would not be suffered were the Notes represented by 
the applicable Registered Global Note in definitive form and, accordingly, the Issuer has elected to request the exchange of 
such Registered Global Note.

--- Page 216 ---
197 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to the applicable Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. In the event of the occurrence of any Exchange Event described in clause (a), (b) or (c) of 
the definition thereof in the preceding paragraph, the applicable Clearing System(s) (or any Person acting on their respective 
behalf), acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in the applicable Registered Global Note, may give notice to the 
Registrar requesting such an exchange. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event specified in clause (d) of such 
definition, the Issuer may give notice to the Registrar requesting such an exchange. Any such exchange will occur no later than 
45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant such notice by the Registrar. In addition, as set out in the preceding paragraph 
with respect to clause (a) of the definition of Exchange Event therein, a holder of an interest in the applicable Registered Global 
Note credited to such holder’s account with the applicable Clearing System may request that the Registrar deliver, on behalf of 
the Issuer, to such Clearing System, Definitive Registered Notes in exchange for such holder’s interest in such Registered 
Global Note in accordance with the standard operating procedures of such Clearing System. 
Transfer of Interests. Beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable 
restrictions, be transferred to a Person who wishes to hold: (a) such interest in another Registered Global Note other than an 
IAI Global Note or (b) upon the delivery of an IAI Investment Letter, an IAI Note (including an interest in an IAI Global Note). 
IAI Definitive Notes may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions and if there is a Registered Global Note for the 
applicable Series, be transferred to a Person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in such Registered Global 
Note; provided that if such Registered Global Note is an IAI Global Note, then such transferee shall have delivered an IAI 
Investment Letter. No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest except 
in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent 
applicable. The Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding 
such restrictions (see “Transfer and Selling Restrictions”). 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Fiscal Agent will arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued that 
is intended to be consolidated with, and form a single Series with, an existing Tranche of Notes on a date after the Issue Date 
of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche will (to the extent applicable) be assigned an ISIN, Common Code, 
CUSIP, CINS, CFI Code and/or FISN number that are different from the ISIN, Common Code, CUSIP, CINS, CFI Code and/or 
FISN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as such Tranches are consolidated and form a 
single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiration of any applicable distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such further Tranche. 
Repayment of the principal of a Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in 
Condition 11. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and such Global Note (or any part 
thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of the applicable Series and payment in full of the 
amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of such Global Note, then, from 8:00 p.m. (London time) on 
the day immediately following the applicable due date, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with 
a Clearing System will, on the basis of statements of account provided by such Clearing System, become entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer on and subject to the terms of the Deed of Covenant. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer or investor that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event (for any listed issuance) a new prospectus or a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available that will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 217 ---
198 
FORM OF APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms that, subject (for any transaction not listed on the Regulated Market) to any 
necessary amendment, will be completed for each Tranche of Notes. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part 
of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to (and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any EEA Retail Investor in the European Economic Area (the 
“EEA”). For these purposes: (a) “EEA Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”), (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) No. 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”), and (b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for such Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)]. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] or otherwise making them available to EEA Retail Investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] or otherwise making them available 
to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA might be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to (and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any UK Retail Investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes: 
(a) a “UK Retail Investor” means: (i) a client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms 
part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”), (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) of the United 
Kingdom and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) No. 2016/97 (as amended), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 
as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 (as amended) as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, and 
(b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for such Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)]. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] or otherwise making them available to UK Retail 
Investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] 
or otherwise making them available to any UK Retail Investor in the United Kingdom might be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [each][the] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II], 
and (b) all channels for distribution of the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any Person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s][s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes [(or beneficial interests 
 
1 
Only applicable where paragraph 8(f)(i) of Part B of the Final Terms is marked as “Applicable.” 
2 
Only applicable where paragraph 8(f)(ii) of Part B of the Final Terms is marked as “Applicable.”

--- Page 218 ---
199 
therein)] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s][s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]3 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [each][the] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] is only eligible 
counterparties (as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook) and professional clients (as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended)] (as amended, “UK MiFIR”)), and (b) all channels for distribution of the Notes [(and 
beneficial interests therein)] to such eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any Person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s][s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s][s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 
REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE (AS AMENDED, THE “SFA”) 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes [(and beneficial 
interests therein)] to be capital markets products other than: (a) “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and (b) “Excluded Investment Products” (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]5 
FINAL TERMS 
[Date] 
TÜRKİYE İŞ BANKASI A.Ş. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 789000FIRX9MDN0KTM91 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the “Notes”) 
under the US$7,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 24 March 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]], 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus [for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation][Regulation (EU) 
No. 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”)]]6 (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]5 and must be read in conjunction with the 
 
3  
Delete where: (a) none of the Managers/Dealers are MiFID II investment firms that are manufacturers pursuant to MiFID II for the purposes of the 
offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes, or revise where the relevant manufacturers have determined that an alternative target market is appropriate 
for the offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes (or beneficial interests therein), or (b) this matter is already addressed in the issue-specific prospectus 
for the issue of Notes. If this paragraph is included but the paragraph regarding the PRIIPS Regulation is not included, then include the definition of 
MiFID II in this paragraph. 
4 
Delete where: (a) none of the Managers/Dealers are UK MiFIR investment firms that are manufacturers pursuant to UK MiFIR for the purposes of the 
offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes, or revise where the relevant manufacturers have determined that an alternative target market is appropriate 
for the offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes (or beneficial interests therein), or (b) this matter is already addressed in the issue-specific prospectus 
for the issue of Notes. 
5  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes (and, if applicable, beneficial interests therein): (a) do not constitute prescribed capital 
markets products as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018 and (b) will be offered in Singapore. 
6 
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances in which a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 219 ---
200 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]7 [has/have] been 
published on the Issuer’s website ([insert website address]) [and these Final Terms have been [made available in printed form 
at the registered address of the Issuer at [insert address][, at the offices of [insert the name of the financial intermediar(ies)] at 
[insert address] [and [insert address], respectively,]] and at the offices of the Fiscal Agent at [insert address]]/[published on 
the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin]. 
[The following alternative language for the preceding paragraph applies if the first Tranche of Notes of a Series that 
is being increased was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [date of the relevant previous base prospectus] [and the supplement[s] 
to it dated [date] [and [date]]] (the “Original Base Prospectus”) that [is][are] incorporated by reference into the base prospectus 
dated 24 March 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus [for 
the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation][Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”)]]6 (the 
“Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation]6 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, including the Conditions in the Original Base Prospectus 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus, the 
Original Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]7 have been published on the Issuer’s website ([insert website address]) and 
these Final Terms have been [made available in printed form at the [registered address of the Issuer at [insert address]][offices 
of [insert the name of the financial intermediar(ies)] at [insert address] [and [insert address], respectively,]] and at the offices 
of the Fiscal Agent at [insert address]]/[published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable.” Note that the numbering should remain as 
set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the 
paragraphs that are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1.
Issuer:
Türkiye İş Bankası A.Ş.
2.
(a)
Series Number:
[●]
(b)
Tranche Number:
[●]
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with 
[identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Bearer Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 22 below, 
which is expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable]
3.
Specified Currency:
[●]
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount immediately after 
issuance of this Tranche:
 
(a)
Series:
[●]
(b)
Tranche:
[●]
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Tranche [plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)]
6.
(a)
Specified Denomination(s):
[●][ and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof]
 
(NB: Notes must have a minimum denomination of €100,000 
(or equivalent).)
 
7 
The Final Terms should be published in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation for Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area.

--- Page 220 ---
201 
 
(Note – for Notes in bearer form, where multiple 
denominations above [€100,000] or equivalent are being 
used, the following sample wording should be followed:
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above [€199,000].”)
 
(NB: Where a Temporary Bearer Global Note or a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note is, in each case, 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes, Definitive Notes must only 
be issued with a denomination equal to, or greater than, 
€100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples thereof.)
(b) 
Calculation Amount [for Definitive Notes 
(in relation to the calculation of interest 
for Global Notes, see the Conditions)]: 
[●] (the “Calculation Amount”) 
(If only one Specified Denomination, then insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)
7.
(a)
Issue Date:
[●]
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[Specify][Issue Date][Not Applicable]
 
(NB: An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.)
(c)
Trade Date:
[●]
 
(NB: Trade Date is included as a mandatory settlement field 
required 
by 
the 
International 
Central 
Securities 
Depositaries.)
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest Payment 
Date [falling in][nearest to] [specify month and year]]8
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. per annum Fixed Rate] 
[[SONIA 
- 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA][SONIA 
- 
Compounded 
Index 
Rate][SOFR 
Index 
Rate 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift][Compounded 
SOFR 
with 
Lookback][Compounded SOFR with Observation Period 
Shift][Compounded 
SOFR 
with 
Payment 
Delay][TLREF][[●] [month] EURIBOR/ROBOR/PRIBOR/ 
HIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/WIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR] 
+/- [●] per cent. per annum Floating Rate][Zero Coupon]
(see further particulars in paragraph [14/15/16] below)
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [●] per 
cent. of their nominal amount
 
8 For Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes and Modified Fixed Rate Notes where Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment, it will 
be necessary to use the second option here.

--- Page 221 ---
202 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
up 
to 
(but 
excluding) 
[●], 
paragraph [14/15] below applies, and, for the period from 
(and including) [●] up to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [14/15] below applies][Not Applicable]
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put]
[Issuer Call]
[(see further particulars in paragraph [18/19/20] below)]
[Not Applicable]
13.
(a)
Status of the Notes:
Senior
(b) 
Date Board approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(NB: Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular Tranche of Notes.)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on [the/each] 
Interest Payment Date (the “Interest Rate”)
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date/[specify other]9 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons. In the 
case of Modified Fixed Rate Notes, insert regular interest 
payment dates and also complete paragraph (g) below as 
applicable. Paragraph (g) is not relevant to Fixed Rate Notes 
where Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are not subject 
to adjustment and either: (i) a customary Following Business 
Day Convention is to apply in accordance with Condition 7.6 
to any date for payment that is not a Payment Business Day 
or (ii) such payment dates are not otherwise to be subject to 
adjustment by reference to any other Business Day 
Convention.)
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) [for Definitive 
Notes (in relation to Global Notes, see the 
Conditions)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only to Notes initially issued in definitive form. 
Not applicable to Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes 
and Modified Fixed Rate Notes where Interest Periods and 
Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment.)
 
9 For certain Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes, Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment and the following proviso should be 
added: “; provided that if any Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day.”

--- Page 222 ---
203 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) [for Definitive Notes 
(in relation to Global Notes, see the 
Conditions)]:
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable only to Notes initially issued in definitive form. 
Not applicable to Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes 
and Modified Fixed Rate Notes where Interest Periods and 
Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment.)
(e)
[Day Count Fraction:
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)][Actual/360]
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]]10 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Modified Fixed 
Rate Notes.)
(f)
[Determination Date(s):
[[●] in each year][Not Applicable]]
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In such a case, insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon.)
(g)
Modified Fixed Rate Notes:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
 
(Modified Fixed Rate Notes are Fixed Rate Notes: (i) the 
terms of which provide for Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts to be subject to adjustment or (ii) for which Interest 
Periods and Interest Amounts are not subject to adjustment 
but a specified Payment Business Day Convention (other 
than the Following Business Day Convention) is to apply to 
any date for payment that is not a Payment Business Day. If 
not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.)
(i) 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts subject to adjustment: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified Following 
Business Day Convention][Preceding Business Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]
 
(Only applicable where Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are subject to adjustment.)
(iii)
Specified Business Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable]
 
 
(Only applicable where Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are subject to adjustment. This paragraph relates to 
Interest Period end dates and not the date of payment, to 
which sub-paragraph (vi) below relates.)
(iv)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
 
10 Applicable to Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 223 ---
204 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
(v) 
Payment 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention][Preceding 
Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only applicable where Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are not subject to adjustment and a specified 
Payment Business Day Convention (other than the Following 
Business Day Convention) is to apply to any date for payment 
that is not a Payment Business Day.)
(vi) 
Specified Financial Centre(s): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only applicable if a Payment Business Day Convention is 
specified 
in 
sub-paragraph 14(g)(v). 
Note 
that 
this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment and not Interest 
Period end dates, to which sub-paragraph (iii) above 
relates.)
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.)
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[●][, not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in sub-paragraph (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]
 
(Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest Payment Dates may 
not be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business 
Day Convention in the case of Modified Floating Rate Notes. 
In these circumstances only, paragraph (m) below will be 
applicable.)
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention][Following 
Business Day 
Convention][Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable]11 
(Complete unless paragraph (m) below is applicable. See 
note to paragraph (a) above for guidance.) 
(c)
Specified Business Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable]12
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to Interest Period end dates 
and not the date of payment, to which paragraph 23 relates. 
Complete unless paragraph (m) below is applicable. See note 
to paragraph (a) above for guidance.)
(d) 
Manner in which the Interest Rate and 
Interest Amount is to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
 
11 Only not applicable in the case of Modified Floating Rate Notes. 
12 In addition to certain other circumstances, not applicable in the case of Modified Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 224 ---
205 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Interest Rate and Interest Amount (if not 
the Fiscal Agent):
[● (the “Calculation Agent”)][Not Applicable] 
(f)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
● 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA][SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period 
Shift][Compounded SOFR with Lookback][Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift][Compounded SOFR 
with 
Payment 
Delay][TLREF][[●] 
[month] 
EURIBOR/ROBOR/PRIBOR/HIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/ 
WIBOR/CNH HIBOR]
●
Specified Time:
[●]
(11:00 a.m. in the case of SONIA, EURIBOR, ROBOR, 
PRIBOR, SIBOR, WIBOR and HIBOR, 11:15 a.m. in the case 
of CNH HIBOR, 12:00 noon in the case of NIBOR and 
3:00 p.m. in the case of SOFR.)
● 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London][Brussels][New York City][Bucharest][Prague] 
[Hong Kong][Singapore][Oslo][Warsaw][●][Not 
Applicable]
 
(The Relevant Financial Centre will customarily be Brussels 
for EURIBOR, Bucharest for ROBOR, Prague for PRIBOR, 
Hong Kong for HIBOR and CNH HIBOR, Singapore for 
SIBOR, Oslo for NIBOR, Warsaw for WIBOR and New York 
City for SOFR.)
●
Interest Determination Date(s):
[●]
(The second day on which the T2 System is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, the second TLREF 
Business Day prior to the day on which the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period ends if TLREF, the second Bucharest 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
ROBOR, the second Prague business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if PRIBOR, the first day of each Interest 
Period if HIBOR, the second Singapore business day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if SIBOR, the second Oslo 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
NIBOR, the second Warsaw business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if WIBOR, the second Hong Kong 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period if CNH 
HIBOR, the fifth London Banking Day prior to the day on 
which the relevant Interest Period ends (but that by its 
definition is excluded from the Interest Period) if SONIA and 
where the Calculation Method is Compounded Daily SONIA 
or, in the case of SONIA where the Calculation Method is 
Compounded Index Rate, the Relevant Number specified 
below, the fifth (or such other period as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the related Interest Payment Date for 
SOFR 
Index 
Rate 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift, 
Compounded SOFR with Lookback and Compounded SOFR 
with Observation Period Shift and, for Compounded SOFR

--- Page 225 ---
206 
with Payment Delay, the Interest Accrual Period End Date 
and the end of each Interest Accrual Period; provided that 
the Interest Determination Date with respect to the final 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the Rate Cut-Off Date.)
● 
Lookback 
Number 
of 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Lookback) 
● 
Observation Period Days: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days][Not 
Applicable] 
(The number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in the Interest Period and the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period for the definition of 
“Observation Period” in Condition 6.2(b)(v).) (applicable 
for SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period Shift and 
Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift) 
● 
SOFR Index Start Date: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days][Not 
Applicable] 
(The number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date of the applicable Interest Period for 
the definition of “SOFR IndexStart” in Condition 6.2(b)(v).) 
(applicable for SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period 
Shift if to differ from the number of days set out in such 
definition) 
● 
SOFR Index End Date: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days][Not 
Applicable] 
(The number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for the applicable 
Interest Period for the definition of “SOFR IndexEnd” in 
Condition 6.2(b)(v).) (applicable for SOFR Index Rate with 
Observation Period Shift if to differ from the number of days 
set out in such definition) 
● 
Interest Accrual Period End 
Dates: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay) 
● 
Interest Accrual Period: 
[quarterly][semi-annually][other][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay)

--- Page 226 ---
207 
● 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay) 
● 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, then 
ensure it is a page that shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately.) 
● 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA][Compounded 
Index 
Rate][SOFR 
Index 
Rate 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift][Compounded SOFR with Lookback][Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift][Compounded SOFR 
with Payment Delay][Not Applicable] 
● 
Observation Method: 
[Lag][Shift][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Floating Rate Notes that reference 
SONIA and apply the Calculation Method of Compounded 
Daily SONIA – see above) 
● 
SONIA Compounded Index: 
[  ][Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, include definition of SONIA Compounded 
Index specifying any Relevant Screen Page and its time of 
publication and including definition of the Relevant Screen 
Page) (Only relevant to Floating Rate Notes that reference 
SONIA and specify “Not Applicable” under Observation 
Method above) 
● 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] London Banking Days][Not Applicable]13 
(Only relevant to SONIA where Compounded Daily SONIA 
is specified as the Calculation Method) 
(NB: A minimum of five London Banking Days should be 
specified unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent (or 
such other Person specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the party responsible for calculating the Interest Rate).) 
● 
Relevant Number: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant to SONIA where the Calculation Method is 
Compounded Index Rate. If the Fiscal Agent is also the 
Calculation Agent, then the Relevant Number shall not be 
less than “5” unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent.) 
● 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Provisions Applicable: 
 
Condition 6.7(II) is [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR. 
If marked as “Not Applicable,” then the provisions of 
Condition 6.7(I) will apply to the Notes. Specify “Not 
 
13 Only relevant for SONIA Reference Rate

--- Page 227 ---
208 
Applicable” for all Floating Rate Notes referencing a 
benchmark other than SOFR.) 
(g)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
●
ISDA Definitions:
[2006 ISDA Definitions][2021 ISDA Definitions]
 
[NB: Certain fallback events and fallback triggers applicable 
to some, or in one instance all, relevant interest rates under 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions (i.e. “Administrator/Benchmark 
Event,” “Generic Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent 
Alternative Rate Determination”) are not workable in a note 
issuance context without amendments to the Conditions to 
disapply those provisions and/or to include bespoke 
replacement provisions (and consequential amendments to 
the pro forma Final Terms). The additional amendments may 
be included in a drawdown prospectus at the point of issue.]
●
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, then ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions).)
●
Designated Maturity: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate.) 
●
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR-based option, the first day of the 
Interest Period.) 
(NB: The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the ISDA Definitions are reliant upon 
the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for 
EURIBOR, which, depending upon market circumstances, 
might not be available at the relevant time.) 
●
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the following row.) 
●
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in 
the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)]

--- Page 228 ---
209 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified 
in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
●
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the following row.) 
●
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in 
the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified 
in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
●
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the following row.) 
●
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable – the Interest Rate for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation [and [●] shall be the Calculation

--- Page 229 ---
210 
Agent for these purposes] (specify for each short or long 
interest period and, if the Calculation Agent is to be an entity 
other than the Issuer in accordance with Condition 6.2(e), 
then specify here the name of the Calculation Agent)]
(i)
Margin(s):
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(j)
Minimum Interest Rate:
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable]
(k)
Maximum Interest Rate:
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable]
(l)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
(m) 
2021 ISDA Definitions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Notes for which ISDA 
Determination is specified as being applicable in 
subparagraph 15(g) above)
(i)
Applicable Benchmark: 
[●][Not Applicable]
(ii)
Fixing Date:
[●][Not Applicable]
(iii)
Fixing Time:
[●][Not Applicable]
(iv) 
Any other terms relating to the 
2021 ISDA Definitions:
[●][Not Applicable] 
(n) 
Modified Floating Rate Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.)
(i) 
Payment 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]
(ii)
Specified Financial Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable]
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.)
(a)
Accrual Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
(b)
Reference Price:
[●]
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts:
[30/360] 
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]

--- Page 230 ---
211 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 8.2: 
Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days
18.
Issuer Call:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[[●] per Calculation Amount]
(c)
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
(i)
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[●]
(ii)
Maximum Redemption Amount:
[●]
(d)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [●] days
Maximum period: [●] days 
 
(NB: When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which, in the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, require a minimum of five clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well as 
any other notice requirements that may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the Registrar.)
19.
Investor Put:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[[●] per Calculation Amount]
(c)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [●] days
Maximum period: [●] days 
 
(NB: When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which, in the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well as 
any other notice requirements that may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the Registrar.)
20.
Final Redemption Amount:
[[●] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 231 ---
212 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of default:
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
22.
(a)
Form of Notes:
[Bearer Notes:
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note that is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event]
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date]
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event]
[Definitive Bearer Notes]
 
[Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered: (i) in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depositary or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 
14 December 2005, or (ii) in the United States of America.]]
 
(NB: The option for an issue of Notes to be represented on 
issue by a Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes should not be expressed to be applicable if 
the Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 
includes language substantially to the following effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000].”)
[Registered Notes:
 
[Regulation S Registered Global Note(s) registered in the 
name of a nominee for [DTC][a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg][a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event]
 
[Rule 144A Global Note(s) registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC][a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg][a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for 
Definitive Registered Notes only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event]
[Definitive Regulation S Registered Notes]
[Rule 144A Definitive Registered Notes]
[IAI Definitive Notes]

--- Page 232 ---
213 
 
[IAI Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC][a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg][a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for Definitive 
Registered Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event]]
 
(NB: In the case of an issue with more than one Global Note 
or a combination of one or more Bearer Global Note(s) and 
IAI Definitive Note(s), specify the nominal amounts of each 
Global Note and, if applicable, the aggregate nominal 
amount of all IAI Definitive Notes if such information is 
available.)
(b)
New Global Note:
[Yes][No]
23. 
Specified Financial Centre(s): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment and 
not the end dates of Interest Periods for the purpose of 
calculating 
the 
Interest 
Amount, 
to 
which 
sub-
paragraph 15(c) relates. Delete this paragraph if sub-
paragraphs 14(g)(vi) or 15(m)(ii) are completed.)
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
(Relevant to Definitive Bearer Notes only)
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made.][No] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO TURKISH LIRA NOTES 
25.
USD Payment Election:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
 
(Only applicable for Notes the Specified Currency of which 
is Turkish Lira.)
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO RMB NOTES
26.
RMB Currency Event:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.)
(a) 
Party responsible for calculating the Spot 
Rate:
[[●] (the “Calculation Agent”)] 
(b)
RMB Settlement Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable]

--- Page 233 ---
214 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
The description[s of the ratings in sub-paragraph 2 of Part B of these Final Terms] [and] [other relevant third party 
information] [has/have] been extracted from [the websites of [name(s) of rating agency(ies)] [and] [specify source]]. The 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [name(s) of rating agency(ies)] [and] [specify source], no facts have been omitted that would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of 
Türkiye İş Bankası A.Ş. 
By: ................................................................. 
Duly authorised
 
 
By: .................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 234 ---
215 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the official 
list and to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[●][; however, no assurance can be given that such 
application will be accepted].][Not Applicable]
 
(When documenting an issue of Notes that is to be 
consolidated and to form a single Series with a previous 
listed issue, it should be indicated here that the original 
Notes are already listed and admitted to trading.)
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[●][Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Initial ratings: 
[The Notes [have been][are expected to be] initially rated 
“[●]” by [●] [and “[●]” by [●]].][The following rating[s] 
reflect[s] ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued under 
the Programme generally: “[●]” by [●] [and “[●]” by 
[●]].][Not Applicable]
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the Notes to be issued have been 
specifically rated, that rating.)
 
(The below additional disclosure in respect of the relevant 
credit rating agency(ies) is only required in Final Terms for 
Notes that are to be admitted to trading on an EEA regulated 
market.)
 
[Need to include here a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.]
 
[Each of [insert legal name of credit rating agency(ies)] is 
established in the [European Union/United Kingdom] and is 
registered under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009[ as it 
forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA] (the “[UK] CRA Regulation”)].] 
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is established in 
the [European Union/United Kingdom] and is not registered 
under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009[ as it forms part of 
United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the 
“[UK] CRA Regulation”)].] 
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not established 
in the [European Union][ or][ the United Kingdom] but the 
rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
[European Union][ and ][United Kingdom] and is registered

--- Page 235 ---
216 
under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009[ as it forms part of 
United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the 
“[UK] CRA Regulation”)].] 
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not established 
in the European Union or the United Kingdom but is certified 
under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009[ as it forms part of 
United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the 
“[UK] CRA Regulation”)].]  
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not established 
in the European Union or the United Kingdom and is not 
certified under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”) or the CRA Regulation as it forms part of 
United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the European Union or the United Kingdom and registered 
under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Except for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], as far as the Issuer is 
aware, no Person involved in the issue of the Notes has any interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material 
to the offer of the Notes. The [Managers/Dealers] and/or [its/their] [respective] affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests]. 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation.)]
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
 
The yield is calculated as of the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.
5. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
Details of historic [SONIA/SOFR/EURIBOR/TLREF/ROBOR/PRIBOR/HIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/WIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters] at [●].
6. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION (Floating Rate Notes only)14 
The below is provided in connection with the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) of 
8 June 2016 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).
(a) 
Name of “benchmark administrator” as 
described in the Benchmarks Regulation: 
[SONIA/SOFR/EURIBOR/TLREF/ROBOR/PRIBOR/ 
HIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/WIBOR/CNH HIBOR] is provided by 
[administrator legal name] 
(b) 
Such “benchmark administrator” appears 
on 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
[As of the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears]/[does not appear] in the register of administrators 
 
14 Include this Item 6 only for Final Terms for Floating Rate Notes admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market.

--- Page 236 ---
217 
maintained pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation: 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply such that such benchmark administrator is 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration 
(or, if located outside of the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).][As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the [Bank of England][Federal Reserve Bank of New York] 
as benchmark administrator of [SONIA][SOFR] does not fall 
within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation by virtue of 
Article 2 of that regulation and is not required to appear on 
the register of administrators maintained pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.]][Not Applicable]
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a)
ISIN:
[●][Not Applicable]
(b)
Common Code:
[●][Not Applicable]
(c)
CUSIP:
[●][Not Applicable]
(d)
CINS:
[●][Not Applicable]
(e) 
CFI Code: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN][Not 
Applicable][Not Available] 
(f) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN][Not 
Applicable][Not Available] 
(If the CFI Code and/or FISN is not required or requested as 
of the completion of the Final Terms, then it/they should be 
specified to be “Not Applicable,” but if it/they is/are not 
available as of the completion of the Final Terms, then it/they 
should be specified to be “Not Available.”)
(g) 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Depository Trust Company, Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not Applicable][give name(s) and number(s)] 
(h)
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(i) 
Name(s) and address(es) of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[●][Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notices for the purposes of Condition 15: 
[Any notice delivered to Noteholders of Notes held through 
a clearing system will be deemed to have been given on the 
[first/second] [business] day after the day on which it was 
given to the relevant clearing system.][Not Applicable]

--- Page 237 ---
218 
(k) 
Intended to be held in a manner that would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
International Central Securities Depositaries[ (the “ICSDs”)] 
as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] 
[include this text for Registered Notes that are to be held 
under the NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the International Central Securities Depositaries[ (the 
“ICSDs”)] as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)] [include this text for Registered Notes that are 
to be held under the NSS]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(a)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(b)
If syndicated, names of Managers:
[Not Applicable][give name(s)]
(c)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable][give name(s)]
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable][give name] 
(e) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[Reg. S 
Compliance 
Category 2][Rule 144A][Section 4(a)(2)][Rules identical to 
those 
provided 
in 
[TEFRA C][TEFRA D] 
applicable][TEFRA not applicable]
(f) 
(i) Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
pursuant to the PRIIPS Regulation, then “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Notes might constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared, then “Applicable” should be specified.)
 
(ii) Prohibition of sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 238 ---
219 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
pursuant to the UK PRIIPS Regulation, then “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes might constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared, then “Applicable” should be specified.)
(g) 
Prohibition of sales to Belgian consumers: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(NB: advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction.)
9. 
REASONS 
FOR 
THE 
OFFER[ 
AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS] 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes[, the estimated 
amount of which net proceeds is [●],]15 will [(or, as of the 
Issue Date, are intended to)] be applied by (or an equal 
amount will be applied by) the Issuer for [loans in the Green 
Categories][ and/or ][loans in the Social Categories] (in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Issuer’s 
Sustainable 
Finance 
Framework) and such Notes will therefore be [Sustainability 
Notes 
- 
[Green 
Bonds][Social 
Bonds][Sustainability 
Bonds]]][its general corporate purposes][●]. 
[See “Use of Proceeds” and “Risk Factors - Risks Relating 
to the Structure of the Notes - Sustainable Notes” in the Base 
Prospectus.] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus. If the reason 
for the offer is different from Sustainability Notes or general 
corporate purposes, then such specific reason will need to be 
included here.)
 
15 Include only for Final Terms for Notes admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market.

--- Page 239 ---
220 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that, unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) at the time of issue, will be incorporated by reference into, or be attached to, each Global 
Note and Definitive Note (each as defined below), in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) at the time of issue but, if not so 
permitted and agreed, such Definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The 
applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and 
Definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Form of Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of the Final 
Terms, which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Türkiye İş Bankası A.Ş. (the “Issuer”) pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References to “Notes” in these Terms and Conditions (these “Conditions”) shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
be references to the Notes of this Series and mean: (a) in relation to any Notes represented by a global note (a “Global Note”), 
such Global Note or any nominal amount thereof of a Specified Denomination, whether such Global Note is in bearer form (a 
“Global Bearer Note”) or registered form (a “Registered Global Note”), and (b) in relation to any definitive Notes in bearer 
form (the “Definitive Bearer Notes” and, with Global Bearer Notes, the “Bearer Notes”) or registered form (the “Definitive 
Registered Notes” and, with Definitive Bearer Notes, the “Definitive Notes”) (Definitive Registered Notes and Registered 
Global Notes being collectively the “Registered Notes”), such definitive Notes in bearer or, as the case may be, registered form. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement 
dated 27 May 2022 (as supplemented by a supplemental agency agreement dated 24 March 2023) (such agreement as further 
amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) and made among the Issuer, The Bank of 
New York Mellon, London Branch, as fiscal and principal paying agent and exchange agent (the “Fiscal Agent” and the 
“Exchange Agent,” which expressions shall, respectively, include any successor fiscal agent and exchange agent) and the other 
paying agents named therein (with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents,” which expression shall include any additional or 
successor paying agents), The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch, as transfer agent (with the Registrar (as defined 
below), the “Transfer Agents,” which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents), and The Bank of 
New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, as registrar (the “Registrar,” which expression shall include any successor 
registrar). 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will also appoint a calculation agent with respect to a Series of 
Notes (the “Calculation Agent,” which expression shall include any successor calculation agent and any other calculation agent 
specified in such Final Terms). 
Interest-bearing Definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”). In addition, interest-bearing Definitive 
Bearer Notes that, when issued, have more than 27 interest payments remaining have talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference 
to Talons. Registered Notes and Bearer Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached to or 
endorsed on this Note and complete these Conditions. References to the “applicable Final Terms” are, unless otherwise stated, 
to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Any reference to a “Noteholder” or “holder” in relation to a Note means: (a) in the case of a Bearer Note, the holder 
of such Note, and (b) in the case of a Registered Note, the Person(s) (as defined below) in whose name such Note is registered 
in the Register (as defined below), and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided 
below. Any reference herein to a “Couponholder” means the holder of a Coupon and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holder of the related Talon(s). 
As used herein, “Tranche” means an issue of Notes using the same Final Terms and that are identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading); provided that such may have different principal amounts, holder(s), serial 
numbers and (if applicable) securities codes, and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any other Tranche(s) of 
Notes: (a) that are expressed in the applicable Final Terms to be consolidated and form a single series with one or more previous

--- Page 240 ---
221 
Tranche(s) and (b) the terms and conditions of which are identical in all respects except for their respective issue dates (each 
an “Issue Date”), Tranche number, date of consolidation with one or more other Tranche(s), principal amounts, Interest 
Commencement Dates (unless this is a Zero Coupon Note) and Issue Prices, each as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 30 April 2018 and made 
by the Issuer (such deed as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”). The original 
of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, a deed poll dated 30 April 2018 and made by the Issuer (such deed poll as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed Poll”), the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms of the 
applicable Tranche of Notes may be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Fiscal Agent, 
the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent and the other Transfer Agents (such agents being together referred 
to as the “Agents”) by any Noteholder or Couponholder that produces evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent 
as to its holding of such Notes or Coupons, as applicable, and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to 
have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed Poll, the Deed of 
Covenant and the applicable Final Terms. The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same 
meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in 
the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall 
prevail. 
In these Conditions: (a) “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, and (b) “Renminbi” and “RMB” 
refer to the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), which (for the purposes of these Conditions) 
excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macao Special Administration Region of the PRC and 
Taiwan. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: (a) the term “law” shall (unless the context otherwise requires) be deemed to 
include legislation, regulations and other legal requirements and (b) unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law 
(including a provision of a law) is a reference to that law (or provision) as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes are either Bearer Notes or Registered Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be numbered 
serially with an identifying number that the Issuer will procure to be recorded on the relevant Note and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar outside of the United 
Kingdom (the “Register”) and shall be in the Specified Currency and Specified Denomination, in each case, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Definitive Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged 
for Definitive Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered 
Notes and vice versa. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to the Turkish Commercial Code (Law No. 6102), the Capital Markets Law (Law 
No. 6362) of the Republic of Türkiye (“Türkiye”) and the Communiqué on Debt Instruments No. VII-128.8 issued by 
the Turkish Capital Markets Board (in Turkish: Sermaye Piyasası Kurulu) (the “CMB”). 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the “Interest Basis” specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached unless they are Zero Coupon Notes, in which case references 
to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable.

--- Page 241 ---
222 
1.2 
Title to the Notes 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the Registered Notes 
will pass upon registration of transfer in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer and 
each of the Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not any payment on such 
Note is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest or any writing on, or the theft or 
loss of, such Note) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in 
the following paragraphs of this Condition 1.2. 
For so long as Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or its nominee is the registered holder of a Registered Global Note, 
DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner and holder of the Notes represented by 
such Registered Global Note for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and such Notes except to the extent that in 
accordance with DTC’s published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or 
beneficial owners through DTC’s participants. The expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related 
expressions shall, for the purposes of any such Registered Global Note, be construed accordingly. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note deposited with and, in the case of a Registered Global 
Note, registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary or a common safekeeper, as the case may be, for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each Person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
such nominee, common depositary or common safekeeper) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular principal amount of such Global Note 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, as to the principal amount of such Global Note standing to the account of any Person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes except in the case of manifest or proven error) shall, upon receipt of such certificate or other 
document by the Issuer or an Agent, be treated by the Issuer or such Agent (as applicable) as if such Person were the 
holder of such principal amount of such Notes (and the bearer or registered holder of such Global Note shall be deemed 
not to be the holder) for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal, interest or other amounts on 
such Global Note, for which purpose the bearer of such Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of such Registered 
Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and each Agent as the holder of such principal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of such Global Note; it being understood that, with respect to any beneficial 
interests held by (or on behalf of) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg in a Registered Global Note held by 
DTC or a nominee thereof, the rules of the preceding paragraph shall apply. The expressions “Noteholder” and “holder 
of Notes” and related expressions shall, for the purposes of any Global Note described in this paragraph, be construed 
accordingly. 
Notes that are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for 
the time being of the applicable clearing system. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of Beneficial Interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and (in turn) by direct and (if appropriate) indirect participants in such clearing 
systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such beneficial interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered 
Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for a 
Definitive Note of the same Series or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same Series, in 
each case, only in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms (and provided that the 
outstanding principal balance of such beneficial interest of the transferor not so transferred is an amount of at least the 
minimum Specified Denomination) and only in accordance with the then-applicable rules and operating procedures of 
DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions 
specified in the Agency Agreement, the relevant Registered Global Note and/or the applicable Final Terms. Transfers 
of a Registered Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such 
Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such 
successor’s nominee.

--- Page 242 ---
223 
2.2 
Transfers of Definitive Registered Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2.4, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, 
a Definitive Registered Note may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the 
applicable Final Terms) (and provided that, if transferred in part, the outstanding principal balance of such Definitive 
Registered Note not so transferred is an amount of at least the minimum Specified Denomination). In order to effect 
any such transfer: (a) the holder(s) must: (i) surrender such Definitive Registered Note for registration of the transfer 
thereof (or of the relevant part thereof) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon 
duly executed by such holder(s) (or by one or more attorney(s) duly authorised in writing therefor), and (ii) complete 
and deliver such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer 
Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the Person(s) 
making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such additional reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the 
Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in the Agency Agreement). 
Subject as provided in the preceding paragraph, the relevant Transfer Agent will promptly (and, in any event, within 
three business days (being for this purpose a day on which commercial banks are open for business in the city where 
the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located)) after its receipt of such a request (or such longer period 
as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws), authenticate (or procure the authentication of) 
and: (x) deliver, or procure the delivery of, at its specified office to the specified transferee or (y) if so requested by 
the specified transferee (and then at the risk of such transferee), send by uninsured mail (to such address as such 
transferee may request) a new Definitive Registered Note of a like aggregate principal amount to the Definitive 
Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Definitive Registered Note) being transferred. 
In the case of the transfer of part only of a Definitive Registered Note, a new Definitive Registered Note in respect of 
the balance of the Definitive Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (if so requested 
by the transferor, and then at the risk of such transferor) sent by uninsured mail (to such transferor’s address in the 
Register) to such transferor. No transfer of a Definitive Registered Note (or a portion thereof) will be valid unless and 
until entered in the Register. 
2.3 
Costs of Registration 
Noteholders will not be charged by the Issuer or any of the Agents for any costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer of Notes in the Register as provided in this Condition 2, except for any costs or expenses of 
delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer and/or any Agent may require the payment of 
a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration and/or transfer. 
2.4 
Noteholder Establishment of Clearing of a Definitive Registered Note 
For so long as any Notes of a Series are represented by a Registered Global Note, a holder of a Definitive Registered 
Note of the same Series may (to the extent that it has established settlement through DTC, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) exchange such Definitive Registered Note for interests in the relevant Registered Global 
Note of the same Series at any time. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and Coupons (and claims for payment by the Issuer in respect thereof) are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject as 
provided above) rank and will rank pari passu without any preference or priority among themselves and with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, 
bankruptcy, liquidation or similar event relating to the Issuer, only to the extent permitted by applicable laws relating 
to creditors’ rights.

--- Page 243 ---
224 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note of this Series remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or have outstanding any mortgage, 
charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a “Security Interest”) upon, or with respect to, any of its present or 
future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness 
unless the Issuer, in the case of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same time, and, in any other case, 
promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes of this Series are secured by the Security Interest equally and 
rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness, 
(b) 
such Security Interest is terminated, 
(c) 
such other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a Security Interest) is provided for the benefit 
of the Noteholders as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of this Series, or 
(d) 
such Security Interest is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of this 
Series. 
Nothing in this Condition 4.1 shall prevent the Issuer from creating or permitting to subsist any Security Interest upon, 
or with respect to, any present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) or 
any part thereof that is created pursuant to: (i) a bond, note or other indebtedness whereby the payment obligations are 
secured by a segregated pool of assets (whether held by the Issuer or any third party guarantor) (any such bond, note 
or other indebtedness, a “Covered Bond”) or (ii) any securitisation of receivables or other payment rights, asset-backed 
financing or similar financing structure (created in accordance with normal market practice) and whereby all payment 
obligations secured by such Security Interest or having the benefit of such Security Interest are to be discharged 
principally from such business, undertaking, assets or revenues (or, in the case of Direct Recourse Securities, by direct 
unsecured recourse to the Issuer); provided that the aggregate then-existing balance sheet value of receivables or other 
assets subject to any Security Interest created in respect of: (A) Covered Bonds that are Relevant Indebtedness and (B) 
any other secured Relevant Indebtedness (other than Direct Recourse Securities) of the Issuer, when added to the 
outstanding principal amount of all Direct Recourse Securities that are Relevant Indebtedness, does not, at the time of 
the incurrence thereof, exceed 15% of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer (as shown in the most recent audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with the BRSA Principles). 
4.2 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“BRSA Principles” means the laws relating to the accounting and financial reporting of banks in Türkiye (including 
the “Regulation on Accounting Applications for Banks and Safeguarding of Documents” published in the Official 
Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006, other regulations on the accounting records of banks published by the 
Banking Regulation and Supervision Board, which is the board of the Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency 
(in Turkish: Bankacılık Düzenleme ve Denetleme Kurumu) (the “BRSA”), and circulars and interpretations published 
by the BRSA) and the requirements of the “Turkish Accounting Standards” and “Turkish Financial Reporting 
Standards” issued by the Public Oversight, Accounting and Auditing Standards Authority (in Turkish: Kamu Gözetimi 
Muhasebe ve Denetim Standartları Kurumu) for the matters that are not regulated by such laws, 
“Direct Recourse Securities” means securities (other than Covered Bonds) issued in connection with any securitisation 
of receivables or other payment rights, asset-backed financing or similar financing structure (created in accordance 
with normal market practice) and whereby all payment obligations secured by a Security Interest or having the benefit 
of a Security Interest are to be discharged principally from such business, undertaking, assets or revenues or by direct 
unsecured recourse to the Issuer, and 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means: (a) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or 
other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities that 
(with the consent of the issuer of the indebtedness) are for the time being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any

--- Page 244 ---
225 
stock exchange, over-the-counter or other organised securities market or any loan disbursed to the Issuer as a borrower 
under a loan participation note or similar transaction, where such securities or loans have an initial maturity at issue or 
disbursement in excess of 365 days, and (b) any guarantee or indemnity of any such indebtedness. 
5. 
COVENANTS 
5.1 
Maintenance of Authorisations 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall take all necessary action to maintain, obtain and promptly 
renew, and do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to ensure the continuance of, all consents, 
permissions, licences, approvals and authorisations, and make or cause to be made all registrations, recordings and 
filings, that may at any time be required to be obtained or made in Türkiye (including, without limitation, with the 
CMB and the BRSA) for: (a) the execution, delivery or performance of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, 
the Deed Poll and the Notes or for the validity or enforceability thereof or (b) except to the extent any failure to do so 
does not and would not have a material adverse effect on: (i) the business, financial condition or results of operations 
of the Issuer or (ii) the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes, the conduct by it of the Permitted 
Business. 
5.2 
Transactions with Affiliates 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any of its Material Subsidiaries to, 
in any 12 month period: (a) make any payment to, (b) sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its properties, 
revenues or assets to, (c) purchase any properties, revenues or assets from or (d) enter into or make or amend any 
transaction, contract, agreement, understanding, loan, advance, indemnity or guarantee (whether related or not) with, 
or for the benefit of, any Affiliate (each an “Affiliate Transaction”), which Affiliate Transaction has (or, when taken 
together with any other Affiliate Transactions during such 12 month period, in the aggregate have) a value in excess 
of US$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) unless such Affiliate Transaction (and each such other 
aggregated Affiliate Transaction) is on terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary 
than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary with 
an unrelated Person. 
5.3 
Financial Reporting 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent for distribution to any Noteholder 
upon such Noteholder’s written request to the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
not later than six months after the end of each fiscal year of the Issuer, English language copies of the Issuer’s 
audited consolidated financial statements for such fiscal year, prepared in accordance with the BRSA 
Principles, with the corresponding financial statements for the preceding fiscal year, and all such annual 
financial statements shall be accompanied by the report of the auditors thereon, and 
(b) 
not later than four months after the end of the first six months of each fiscal year of the Issuer, English 
language copies of its unaudited (or, if published, audited) consolidated financial statements for such six 
month period, prepared in accordance with the BRSA Principles, with the corresponding financial statements 
for the corresponding period of the previous fiscal year, and all such interim financial statements shall be 
accompanied by the report of the auditors thereon; 
provided that any such financial statement shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which the Issuer has 
published such financial statement (in a manner that is readily accessible to all) on its website (as of 24 March 2023, 
www.isbank.com.tr/en/about-us/financial-statements) (the Issuer shall promptly notify the Fiscal Agent that the Issuer 
has published such financial statement on such website). 
5.4 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Affiliate” means, in respect of any specified Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled 
by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person, and, in the case of a natural person, any

--- Page 245 ---
226 
immediate family member of such person; for the purposes of this definition, “control,” as used with respect to any 
Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management 
or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise, and the 
terms “controlling,” “controlled by” and “under common control with” shall have corresponding meanings, 
“Material Subsidiary” means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary that itself has Subsidiaries) represent (or, in the 
case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles relate, are equal to) not less 
than 10% of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer, all as calculated respectively by reference to the then 
latest audited financial statements (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary 
prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles and the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of 
the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles; provided that: (i) in the case of a Subsidiary of the 
Issuer acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles relate or (ii) in the case of any such 
Subsidiary for which its then latest relevant audited financial statements, at the time of such acquisition, are 
not prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles, the reference to the then latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles and the relevant then latest 
financial statements of such Subsidiary for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until consolidated 
financial statements for the financial period in which the acquisition is made have been prepared and audited 
in accordance with BRSA Principles as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such financial statements by reference to 
such Subsidiary’s then latest relevant audited financial statements, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the 
Issuer (including to reflect a conversion of such financial statements into BRSA Principles if the then latest 
relevant audited financial statements of such Subsidiary were not prepared in accordance with BRSA 
Principles), 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a Subsidiary of 
the Issuer that immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary; provided that the transferor 
Subsidiary shall upon such transfer immediately cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the transferee 
Subsidiary shall immediately become a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this clause (b) but shall cease to be a 
Material Subsidiary on the date of publication of the Issuer’s next audited consolidated financial statements 
prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles unless it would then be a Material Subsidiary under any other 
applicable provision of this definition, or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets that, taken with the undertaking or assets of the transferee 
Subsidiary, represent (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary being acquired after the end of the financial 
period to which the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance 
with BRSA Principles relate, are equal to) not less than 10% of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer, all 
as calculated as set out in clause (a); provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a Material Subsidiary) shall 
upon such transfer immediately cease to be a Material Subsidiary unless, immediately following such transfer, 
its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10% of the consolidated total assets 
of the Issuer (all as calculated as set out in clause (a)), and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material 
Subsidiary pursuant to this clause (c) on the date of the publication of the Issuer’s next audited consolidated 
financial statements prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles; provided that such transferor Subsidiary 
or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such 
consolidated financial statements have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of 
clause (a) or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition. 
A report by the independent auditors of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at 
any particular time a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding upon all 
parties, 
“Permitted Business” means any business that is the same as or related, ancillary or complementary to any of the 
businesses of the Issuer on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of this Series,

--- Page 246 ---
227 
“Person” means any individual, company, partnership, association, unincorporated organisation, trust or other juridical 
entity, including, without limitation, any state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal 
personality, and 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”), any other Person: (a) in which such first Person 
holds a majority of the voting rights, (b) of which such first Person is a member and has the right to appoint or remove 
a majority of the board of directors or (c) of which such first Person is a member and controls a majority of the voting 
rights, and includes any company that is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary of such Person; however, in relation to the 
consolidated financial statements of a Person, a Subsidiary shall mean Persons that are consolidated into such first 
Person. 
6. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon 
Notes. 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the 
determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.1 for full information on the 
manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms specifies the 
Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed 
Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction, any applicable 
Determination Date and whether the provisions relating to Modified Fixed Rate Notes will be applicable. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum 
equal to the applicable Rate(s) of Interest. Interest on Fixed Rate Notes will, subject as provided in these Conditions, 
be payable in arrear on the applicable Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
In the case of Definitive Notes, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount, where a “Fixed Coupon Amount” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, to the Fixed Coupon Amount so specified; provided that the Interest Amount payable on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Definitive Notes where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount (and, if applicable, a Broken 
Amount) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by multiplying 
the then-applicable Interest Rate by: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes that are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note, or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure (including the 
application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency (with half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention with the written 
consent of the Issuer). Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is an amount other 
than the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable on such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
If Modified Fixed Rate Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are specified as being subject to adjustment, then a Business Day Convention shall also be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and (where applicable) Interest Payment Dates shall be postponed or brought forward, as the 
case may be, in accordance with Condition 6.6(b) and the relevant Interest Period and Interest Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period will be adjusted accordingly.

--- Page 247 ---
228 
6.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to 
the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.2 for full information 
on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms specifies 
any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day 
Convention, any Specified Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to 
the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Fiscal Agent, the 
Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates, the Day Count Fraction and whether the provisions relating to 
Modified Floating Rate Notes will be applicable. Where “ISDA Determination” applies to the calculation of interest, 
the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date. 
Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
the applicable Reference Rate, Specified Time, Relevant Financial Centre, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant 
Screen Page. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest shall be payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date” for the 
purpose of such Floating Rate Note) that falls the number of months or other period specified as the 
Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest shall be payable in respect of each Interest Period. 
(b) 
Interest Rate 
The Interest Rate payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where “ISDA Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the manner 
in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Interest Rate for such Tranche 
for each Interest Period shall be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this clause (i), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Fiscal Agent or other 
Person specified in the applicable Final Terms under an interest rate swap transaction if the Fiscal 
Agent or that other Person were acting as the Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (if applicable) is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and a Compounding 
Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method will be one of the following as specified in the applicable Final Terms: (1) 
Compounding with Lookback, (2) Compounding with Observation Period Shift or (3) 
Compounding with Lockout,

--- Page 248 ---
229 
(E) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and an Averaging Method 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the Overnight Averaging Method will be 
one of the following as specified in the applicable Final Terms: (1) Averaging with 
Lookback, (2) Averaging with Observation Period Shift or (3) Averaging with Lockout, 
and 
(F) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, then the Index 
Method will be the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA Definitions 
to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed to be references to 
the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms. Unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be deemed to be 
zero. 
For the purposes of this clause (i), “Floating Rate,” “Calculation Agent,” “Floating Rate Option,” 
“Designated Maturity,” “Reset Date,” “Overnight Floating Rate Option,” “Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method,” “Compounding with Lookback,” “Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift,” “Compounding with Lockout,” “Averaging with Lookback,” “Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift,” “Averaging with Lockout,” “Compounded Index Floating Rate Option,” “Index 
Method” and “Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift” shall have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
For these purposes, “ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to any Series of Notes: 
(a) 
unless “2021 ISDA Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and supplemented as at the date of issue of 
the first Tranche of Notes of this Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor 
or replacement thereof) (“ISDA”), or 
(b) 
if “2021 ISDA Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including 
each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor or replacement thereof), each as 
published by ISDA at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of this Series. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than for SOFR, SONIA or TLREF) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined in respect of any Reference 
Rate other than for SOFR, SONIA or TLREF, the Interest Rate for such Tranche for each Interest 
Period shall, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page, the offered quotation, or 
(B) 
in any other case, the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) that appear(s) on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service that displays the information) as of the 
Specified Time in the Relevant Financial Centre on the Interest Determination Date in question plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, then the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, then only one of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, then only one of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Fiscal Agent or the

--- Page 249 ---
230 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of clause (A) above, no such offered 
quotation appears or if, in the case of clause (B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear, in each case as of the Specified Time, then the Issuer shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Fiscal Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time in the Relevant Financial Centre 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks promptly so 
provide the Fiscal Agent with such offered quotations, then the Interest Rate for the applicable 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Fiscal Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Fiscal 
Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, then the Interest Rate for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum that the Fiscal Agent determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Fiscal Agent by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the eurozone 
interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Romanian interbank market (if the 
Reference Rate is ROBOR), the Prague interbank market (if the Reference Rate is PRIBOR), the 
Hong Kong interbank market (if the Reference Rate is HIBOR or CNH HIBOR), the Singapore 
interbank market (if the Reference Rate is SIBOR), the Norwegian interbank market (if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR), the Warsaw interbank market (if the Reference Rate is WIBOR) or the 
interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks promptly provide 
the Fiscal Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more bank(s) (which bank(s) 
is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Fiscal Agent it is quoting 
to leading banks in the eurozone interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the 
Romanian interbank market (if the Reference Rate is ROBOR), the Prague interbank market (if the 
Reference Rate is PRIBOR), the Hong Kong interbank market (if the Reference Rate is HIBOR or 
CNH HIBOR), the Singapore interbank market (if the Reference Rate is SIBOR), the Norwegian 
interbank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR), the Warsaw interbank market (if the Reference 
Rate is WIBOR) or the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference 
Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any); provided that if the Interest Rate 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, then the Interest 
Rate shall be determined as of the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded Daily SONIA 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SONIA,” then: 
(A) 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Accrual Period shall, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA, as determined by the Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any).

--- Page 250 ---
231 
(B) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the applicable 
SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the SONIA Reference Rate in 
respect of such London Banking Day shall, unless the Calculation Agent has been notified 
of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments) in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(I)(e), be the sum of: (1) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) 
prevailing at 5:00 p.m. (or, if earlier, the close of business) on such London Banking Day 
and (2) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there are more than one highest spread, then 
only one of those highest spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there are more than one 
lowest spread, then only one of those lowest spreads). 
(C) 
Notwithstanding clause (B) of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii) and subject to Condition 6.7(I)(e), 
in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to: (1) how the SONIA Reference 
Rate is to be determined or (2) any rate that is to replace the SONIA Reference Rate, then 
the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that is reasonably practicable and as set forth in a 
direction from the Issuer in writing, follow such guidance in order to determine the SONIA 
Reference Rate for any London Banking Day “i” for purposes of the Notes and for so long 
as the SONIA Reference Rate is not available or has not been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors. 
(D) 
If, on any Interest Determination Date, the Interest Rate cannot be determined by reference 
to any of clauses (A) to (C) of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), then the Interest Rate for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be: (1) the Interest Rate determined as of the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (2) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate that would have been applicable to 
such Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum 
Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
(E) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, then the final 
Interest Rate shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the most recent Interest 
Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date 
on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Interest Rate shall continue to 
apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in 
Condition 6.5. 
(F) 
As used in this Condition 6.2(b)(iii): 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other entity specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Person responsible for the calculation of the Rate(s) of Interest and the 
Interest Amount(s) or such other amounts as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily SONIA Reference Rate 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage shall be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards):

--- Page 251 ---
232 
 
“d” means: (a) where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, or (b) where 
in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, the number 
of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period, 
“do” means: (a) where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, or 
(b) where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, the 
number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period, 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(a) where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method, the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, or (b) where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method, the relevant Observation Period, 
“Interest Accrual Period” means: (a) each Interest Period and (b) any other Relevant 
Period, 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means a day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London, England, 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the earlier of: (a) the following 
London Banking Day and (b) the last day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or, in 
respect of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date, 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
“Observation Period” means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding): (a) the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Accrual Period or (b) such date (if any) on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but that by its definition and the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from the Interest Accrual Period), 
“p” means the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (which, if the Fiscal Agent is also the 
Calculation Agent, shall not be less than “5” unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent 
in the applicable Final Terms), 
“Relevant SONIAi” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i”: (a) where “Lag” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, SONIAi-pLBD, or (b) 
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
SONIAiLBD, 
“SONIA Reference Rate,” in respect of any London Banking Day (“LBDx”), means a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such 
LBDx as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking 
Day immediately following such LBDx, 
d
365
 
 
 
n 
 
 SONIA
Relevant
i
i
















1
365
1
o
d
1
i

--- Page 252 ---
233 
“SONIAiLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such London Banking Day “i”, and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London Banking Day falling 
“p” London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day “i”. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded Index Rate 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Index Rate,” then the Interest Rate for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be Compounded Daily SONIA for the Interest Accrual Period 
determined by reference to the screen rate or index for Compounded Daily SONIA administered by 
the administrator of the SONIA Reference Rate that is published or displayed by such administrator 
or other information service from time to time at the relevant time on the relevant Index 
Determination Dates specified below as further specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “SONIA 
Compounded Index”) as calculated in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage shall be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, if any, all 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA rate is equal to: 
 
 where: 
“x” denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the 
first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
“y” denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period or such other date as when the relevant 
payment of interest falls to be due (but that by definition or the operation of the relevant provisions 
is excluded from such Interest Accrual Period), 
a day on which the SONIA Compounded Index is determined pursuant to  clause “x” or “y” above 
is referred to as an “Index Determination Date,” 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which “x” is 
determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which “y” is determined, and 
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so 
specified, five London Banking Days). 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator of the SONIA 
Reference Rate or other information service at the relevant time on any relevant Index Determination 
Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the Compounded Daily SONIA rate for the 
applicable Interest Accrual Period for which SONIA Compounded Index is not available shall be 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in accordance with Condition 6.2(b)(iii) above as if 
Compounded Daily SONIA had been specified in the applicable Final Terms in place of

--- Page 253 ---
234 
Compounded Index Rate. For these purposes, the “Calculation Method” shall be deemed to be 
“Compounded Daily SONIA,” the “Relevant Number” specified in the applicable Final Terms shall 
be deemed to be the “Observation Lookback Period” and “Observation Method” shall be deemed be 
“Shift,” as if Compounded Index Rate is not specified as being applicable and these alternative 
elections had been made. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, then the final Interest Rate 
shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if 
none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date on which the Notes become so 
due and payable, and such Interest Rate shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest 
continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 6.5. 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period Shift 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being “SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period Shift,” then the 
Interest Rate for each Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately below, 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
“Compounded SOFR,” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate computed in accordance 
with the following formula (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards): 
൬𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥ா௡ௗ  
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥ௌ௧௔௥௧ 
−1൰𝑥360
𝑑௖
 
where: 
“SOFR IndexStart” is the SOFR Index value for the day that is five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days, or such other number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms, preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Period, 
“SOFR IndexEnd” is the SOFR Index value for the day that is five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days, or such other number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms, preceding the Interest Payment Date 
relating to such Interest Period, and 
“dc” is the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart to (but excluding) 
SOFR IndexEnd. 
“Interest Period” means each period, the duration of which will be indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of 
the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Floating Rate Notes 
on the redemption date, the redemption date). 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator 
of the “Secured Overnight Financing Rate”). 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(currently 
www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates-information) 
or 
any 
successor source.

--- Page 254 ---
235 
“SOFR Index” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR 
Index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index appears on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the “SOFR Index Determination Time”); provided that if a SOFR Index value does 
not so appear at the SOFR Index Determination Time, then: 
(a) 
if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined in 
Condition 6.7(II)) have not occurred with respect to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall 
be the rate determined pursuant to the “SOFR Index Unavailable Provisions” definition 
below, or 
(b) 
if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to 
Condition 6.7(II). 
where: 
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as published by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website, 
“SOFR Index Unavailable Provisions”: If a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published on the associated Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined in Condition 6.7(II)) have not 
occurred with respect to SOFR, then “Compounded SOFR” means, for the applicable 
Interest Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a daily 
compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with the formula for “SOFR 
Averages,” and definitions required for such formula, published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website. For the purposes of this provision, references in the “SOFR 
Averages” compounding formula and related definitions to “calculation period” shall be 
replaced with “Observation Period” and the words “that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar days” 
shall be removed. If the daily SOFR (“SOFRi”) does not so appear for any day “i” in the 
Observation Period, then SOFRi for such day “i” shall be SOFR published in respect of the 
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR was published 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website, and 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms before each Interest Payment Date, 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from (and including) the 
date that is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms preceding the first date in such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date that is the 
same number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days so specified and preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period, and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day 
on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded SOFR with Lookback 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded SOFR with Lookback,” then the Interest Rate for 
each Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately below, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin.

--- Page 255 ---
236 
“Compounded SOFR,” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ି ௬௎ௌ஻஽ 𝑥 𝑛௜   
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏ 𝑥 360
𝑑 
“d0” for any Interest Period means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in such 
Interest Period, 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, 
“SOFRi-yUSBD” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period 
is equal to SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “y” (the 
Lookback Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days) days prior to that day “i”, 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period is the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”), and 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period. 
“SOFR,” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New 
York time) on the next U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR 
Determination Time”), 
(b) 
if the rate specified in clause (a) does not so appear, unless both a Benchmark Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date (as each such term is defined in Condition 6.7(II)) 
have occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website, or 
(c) 
if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the 
Benchmark Replacement, subject to the provisions described (and as defined) in 
Condition 6.7(II), 
where: 
“Interest Period” and “Interest Determination Date” each have the meaning ascribed to the 
respective term in Condition 6.2(b)(v), and 
“Lookback Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days” has the meaning specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and represented in the formula above as “y”. 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift,” then the

--- Page 256 ---
237 
Interest Rate for each Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately below, 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
“Compounded SOFR,” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ 𝑥 𝑛௜   
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏ 𝑥 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d0” for any Observation Period means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
the relevant Observation Period, 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period 
is equal to SOFR (as defined in Condition 6.2(b)(vi)) in respect of that day “i”, 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period is the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”), and 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
“Interest Period,” “Interest Determination Date” and “Observation Period” each have the meaning 
ascribed to the respective term in Condition 6.2(b)(v). 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay,” then the Interest 
Rate for each Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately below, plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
“Compounded SOFR” with respect to any Interest Accrual Period means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ 𝑥 𝑛௜   
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏ 𝑥 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period,

--- Page 257 ---
238 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period is equal to SOFR (as defined in Condition 6.2(b)(vi)) in respect of that day “i”, 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period is 
the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”), and 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means each quarterly period, or such other period as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, from (and including) an Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, in the case of 
the first Interest Accrual Period, the issue date) to (but excluding) the next Interest Accrual Period 
End Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects 
to redeem the Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay Notes on any earlier redemption date, the 
redemption date). 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” means the dates specified in the applicable Final Terms, ending 
on the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elect to redeems the Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay 
Notes on any earlier redemption date, the redemption date. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the second Business Day, or such other Business Day as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, following each Interest Accrual Period End Date; provided that the 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period shall be the Maturity Date or, 
if the Issuer elects to redeem the Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay Notes on any earlier 
redemption date, the redemption date. 
“Interest Payment Determination Date” means the Interest Accrual Period End Date at the end of 
each Interest Accrual Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination Date with respect to 
the final Interest Accrual Period shall be the Rate Cut-Off Date. 
“Rate Cut-Off Date” means the fifth U.S. Government Securities Business Day, or such other U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to the Maturity 
Date or redemption date, as applicable. For purposes of calculating Compounded SOFR with respect 
to the final Interest Accrual Period, the level of SOFR for each U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date 
or any earlier redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of SOFR in respect of such Rate Cut-
Off Date. 
If any scheduled Interest Accrual Period End Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then 
such date shall be postponed to the following Business Day except that, if such following Business 
Day would fall in the next calendar month, then the Interest Accrual Period End Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being TLREF, then the Interest Rate for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall, subject as provided below, be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant TLREF Interest Determination Date (by reference to the relevant published TLREF Indices 
in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period) in accordance with the following formula: 
⎩⎪⎨
⎪⎧
൮
𝑇ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑢𝑏𝑙𝑖𝑠ℎ𝑒𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑜𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑠𝑒𝑐𝑜𝑛𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐵𝑢𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑒𝑠𝑠 𝐷𝑎𝑦
𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑐𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑎𝑝𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑐𝑎𝑏𝑙𝑒 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒
𝑇ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑢𝑏𝑙𝑖𝑠ℎ𝑒𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑜𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑠𝑒𝑐𝑜𝑛𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐵𝑢𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑒𝑠𝑠 𝐷𝑎𝑦
𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑐𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑣𝑖𝑜𝑢𝑠 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒
൲
௡ଵ
௡ଶ
−1
⎭⎪⎬
⎪⎫
∗100

--- Page 258 ---
239 
(and the resulting percentage shall be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any); provided that, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, references to the “published 
TLREF Index on the second TLREF Business Day preceding the previous Interest Payment Date” 
shall be replaced by a reference to the “published TLREF Index on the day that is two TLREF 
Business Days preceding the first date of such Interest Accrual Period.” 
For the purposes of the formula above and this Condition 6.2(b)(ix): 
“Calculation Agent” means the Issuer or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a financial 
institution of international repute appointed by the Issuer at its own expense for these purposes.  
“BIST TLREF Index” means the TLREF value announced via the BISTECH Data Dissemination 
System (in Turkish: BISTECH Veri Paylaşım Sistemi) as published on the TLREF Relevant Screen. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means: (a) each Interest Period and (b) any other Relevant Period. 
“n1” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
“n2” means the number of calendar days between: (a) the TLREF Business Day preceding the 
Interest Payment Date (or such date (if any) on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
that by its definition and the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from the Interest 
Accrual Period)) and (b) the TLREF Business Day preceding the previous Interest Payment Date 
(provided that, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, reference to the “the TLREF Business 
Day preceding the previous Interest Payment Date” shall be replaced with a reference to “the TLREF 
Business Day preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period”). 
“published TLREF Index” means, in respect of any TLREF Business Day, the rate of return of 
TLREF on the next TLREF Business Day as determined by reference to the BIST TLREF Index that 
references the return on overnight repo transactions realised on the Borsa İstanbul Repo-Reverse 
Repo Normal Orders Market, all as published at the relevant time on such TLREF Business Day on 
the TLREF Relevant Screen. 
“TLREF” means the Turkish Lira overnight reference rate. 
“TLREF Business Day” means a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which the BIST Repo-
Reverse Repo Market (or the successor or replacement thereof) is open. 
“TLREF Committee” means the committee consisting of representatives of the Ministry of Treasury 
and Finance of Türkiye, the Central Bank of Türkiye (the “Central Bank”), the Banks Association 
of Türkiye, the Capital Markets Association of Türkiye (in Turkish: Türkiye Sermaye Piyasaları 
Birliği), the BRSA, the Istanbul Settlement and Custody Bank (in Turkish: İstanbul Takas ve 
Saklama Bankası A.Ş.) and Borsa İstanbul A.Ş. or any successor or replacement thereof. 
“TLREF Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the second 
TLREF Business Day prior to the day on which such Interest Accrual Period ends. 
“TLREF Reference Rate” means, in respect of any TLREF Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the publish TLREF Index on such TLREF Business Day. 
“TLREF Relevant Screen” means the “TLREF Indices” webpage that is available on the website of 
Borsa İstanbul A.Ş. (borsaistanbul.com) (or any successor website). 
If, on any TLREF Interest Determination Date, the applicable published TLREF Index is not 
available on the TLREF Relevant Screen or has not otherwise been published by the TLREF 
Committee, then the Interest Rate in respect of the applicable Interest Accrual Period shall, unless 
the Calculation Agent has been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, in either 
case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments) in

--- Page 259 ---
240 
accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(e), be determined as if the published TLREF Index were calculated 
in the following manner: 
(a) 
The Interest Rate in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be the sum of: (i) the 
policy rate of the Central Bank prevailing at 5:00 pm (or, if earlier, the close of business in 
İstanbul) on the applicable TLREF Interest Determination Date and available on the Central 
Bank’s 
website 
at 
www.tcmb.gov.tr/wps/wcm/connect/EN/TCMB+EN/Main+Menu/Core+Functions/Monet
ary+Policy/Central+Bank+Interest+Rates/1+Week+Repo (or any successor or replacement 
website) and (ii) the mean of the spread of the published TLREF Index to the policy rate of 
the Central Bank over the previous five TLREF Business Days on which a TLREF 
Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there are more than 
one highest spread, then only one of those highest spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if 
there are more than one lowest spread, then only one of those lowest spreads). 
(b) 
Notwithstanding clause (a), if the TLREF Committee has published guidance as to: (i) how 
the TLREF Reference Rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the TLREF 
Reference Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable to do so and as set forth in a direction from the Issuer in writing, follow such 
guidance in order to determine the TLREF Reference Rate for any TLREF Business Day 
in such Interest Accrual Period and for so long thereafter as the published TLREF Index 
remains unavailable on the TLREF Relevant Screen or is not otherwise published by the 
TLREF Committee. 
(c) 
If, on any TLREF Interest Determination Date, the Interest Rate cannot be determined by 
reference to clauses (a) and (b), then the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period shall be: (i) the Interest Rate determined as of the last preceding TLREF Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Interest 
Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate relating to that 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding TLREF Interest 
Determination Date, then the initial Interest Rate that would have been applicable to the 
applicable Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period of such Notes had such Notes been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to their first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the applicable Interest Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and, if 
applicable, any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate applicable to such first 
Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, then the final 
Interest Rate shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the most recent Interest 
Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date 
on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Interest Rate shall continue to 
apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in 
Condition 6.5. 
(c) 
Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Floating Rate Notes specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any 
Interest Period, then, in the event that the Interest Rate in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.2(b) is less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Interest Rate 
for such Interest Period for such Tranche shall be such Minimum Interest Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Floating Rate Notes specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for any 
Interest Period, then, in the event that the Interest Rate in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.2(b) is greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Interest 
Rate for such Interest Period for such Tranche shall be such Maximum Interest Rate.

--- Page 260 ---
241 
A Final Terms may specify both a Minimum Interest Rate and a Maximum Interest Rate for a Tranche. Unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
(d) 
Determination of Interest Rate and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Interest Rate is to be determined, determine the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period (or 
any other Relevant Period). 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period (or any other Relevant Period) by applying the Interest 
Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes that are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note, or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination 
of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is an amount other than the Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied 
to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based upon the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option 
(where “ISDA Determination” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity (if applicable) were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined 
as if the Designated Maturity (if applicable) were the period of time for which rates are available next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period; provided that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an independent advisor acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert appointed by the Issuer in its reasonable 
discretion, determines appropriate. For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(e) only, “Calculation Agent” shall 
mean the Issuer or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a financial institution of international repute 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense for these purposes. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination only, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
6.3 
Notification of Interest Rate and Interest Amounts 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes and Modified Fixed Rate Notes in respect of which Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being subject to adjustment, the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, will cause: (a) to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which (at the request of the 
Issuer) the relevant Notes are for the time being listed: (i) each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and (ii) in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Interest Rate, and (b) notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 15, in each case, as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter (or, in the case of Notes where the applicable Final Terms specify 
the Reference Rate as being SONIA, SOFR or TLREF, no later than the second London Banking Day, U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day or TLREF Business Day, respectively, thereafter). Each Interest Amount and

--- Page 261 ---
242 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange (if any) on which the relevant Notes are for the time 
being listed at the request of the Issuer and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. For the purposes of 
this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
6.4 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6 and Condition 7.11, whether by the Fiscal 
Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest or proven 
error) be binding upon the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers and duties pursuant to such provisions. 
6.5 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to bear 
interest (if any) from (and including) the date specified for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal on such Note is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due on such Note (or part thereof) have been paid (with such additional accrued 
interest being due and payable immediately), and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable on such Note has been received by 
the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
6.6 
Day Count Fraction and Business Day Convention 
(a) 
Day Count Fraction 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 6: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the Relevant Period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than 
the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, then the number of days 
in such Accrual Period divided by the product of: (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year, or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, then the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of: (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year, and

--- Page 262 ---
243 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of: (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year, 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date), 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 
365 (or, if any portion of such period falls within a leap year, the sum of: (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365), 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 365, 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 365 or, in the case of 
an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366, 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360, 
(vi) 
if “30/360,” “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the number 
of days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, 
and 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of such period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period 
falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of such period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of such period unless such number is 
31, in which case D1 will be 30, and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in such period unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] +( D2 - D1) 
360

--- Page 263 ---
244 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the number of 
days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of such 
period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of such period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of such period unless such number would be 
31, in which case D1 will be 30, and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in such 
period unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, and 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the number of days in the 
Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 









360
D
-
D
M
-
M
30
Y
-
Y
360
Fraction
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2





 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of such 
period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of such period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of such period unless: (A) that day is the last 
day of February or (B) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30, and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in such 
period unless: (A) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (B) such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(b) 
Business Day Convention 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and: (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is: 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
360

--- Page 264 ---
245 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 6.2 above, the “Floating Rate Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date: (A) in the 
case of clause (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of clause (2) below shall apply mutatis mutandis, or (B) in the case of clause (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event: (1) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (2) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month that falls within the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred, 
(ii) 
the “Following Business Day Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day, 
(iii) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day, or 
(iv) 
the “Preceding Business Day Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
6.7 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Reference Rate Replacement 
I. 
The following Benchmark Discontinuation and Reference Rate Replacement provisions in this 
Condition 6.7(I) apply to all Floating Rate Notes other than those for which the Reference Rate is SOFR and 
Condition 6.7(II) is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Independent Advisor 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Interest Rate (or any 
component part(s) thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Advisor, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b)), and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(I)(c)) 
and 
any 
other 
required 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6.7(I)(d)). 
An Independent Advisor appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.7(I) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by 
the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.7(I). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6.2(b), if the Issuer, following consultation with an Independent 
Advisor pursuant to Condition 6.7(I)(a) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred and that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 6.7(I)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Interest Rate (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 6.7(I)), or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6.7(I)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant component part(s) thereof)

--- Page 265 ---
246 
for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.7(I)). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b), then the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specific quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
may be positive, negative or zero), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Interest Rate (or any 
component part(s) thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.7(I) and the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines: 
(i) that additional amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(e), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.7(I)(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.7(I)(d), neither the Calculation Agent nor any 
other Paying Agent is obliged to concur with the Issuer in respect of any Benchmark Amendments that, in 
the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or such other Paying Agent, in each case, acting reasonably and in 
good faith, would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, such other Paying Agent in the Agency Agreement. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event, any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, each as determined 
under this Condition 6.7(I), will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and the other 
Paying Agents (and, in any case, no later than five business days in London prior to the first Interest 
Determination Date on which the relevant Successor Rate or, as the case may be, Alternative Rate is to be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof)) and, in accordance with Condition 15, to the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
Prior to any Benchmark Amendments taking effect and no later than one London Business Day following the 
date of notifying the Calculation Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Calculation Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming: (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (B) the Successor Rate or, as the case may 
be, the Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (C) where 
applicable, the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6.7(I), and

--- Page 266 ---
247 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Calculation Agent shall display such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any)) be binding upon the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate and Fallback Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 6.7(I)(a) through Condition 6.7(I)(e), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.2(b) will continue to apply 
unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Original Reference Rate and the 
Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments, in each case, in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(I)(e). 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the Interest Rate 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) (and, in 
either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread) is determined and notified to the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this Condition 6.7(I), then the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of 
determining such Interest Rate on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 6.2(b) will (if applicable) continue to apply to such determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the preceding paragraph shall apply to the determination of the Interest Rate on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date only and the Interest Rate applicable to any subsequent Interest 
Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.7(I). 
(g) 
Defined Terms 
As used in this Condition 6.7(I): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either: (i) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (ii) a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which, in each case, is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology that: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body, 
(B) 
in the case of a Successor Rate where no such formal recommendation as described in clause (A) 
has been made or, in the case of an Alternative Rate, the Issuer determines, following consultation 
with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate, 
(C) 
if the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that no such spread, formula or methodology is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets as described in clause (B), the Issuer 
determines, following consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions that reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), or

--- Page 267 ---
248 
(D) 
if the Issuer determines that none of clauses (A), (B) or (C) applies, the Issuer, in its discretion, 
following consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, so far as is 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances and for the purposes of this clause (D) only, of reducing 
or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and, if 
applicable, Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate that the Issuer determines in 
accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for debt securities with a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes, 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.7(I)(d), 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five London business 
days or ceasing to exist or be administered, 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by 
a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances in which no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication 
of the Original Reference Rate), 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued, 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, by a specified date, be prohibited from being used (either 
generally or in respect of the Notes),  
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of the relevant 
underlying market or may no longer be used, or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for the Calculation Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate; 
provided that, notwithstanding clauses (ii) through (v), each such Benchmark Event shall only be deemed to 
occur: (A) in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), on the date of the cessation of the Original Reference Rate or 
the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (B) in the case of clause (iv), on the 
date of prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, and (C) in the case of clause (v), on the date with 
effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor 
to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market or may no longer be used and that is specified 
in the public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement, 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or, for any Series, such other entity specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Person responsible for the calculation of the Rate(s) of Interest and the Interest Amount(s), 
“Independent Advisor” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
financial advisor with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital markets appointed by the Issuer, 
at its own expense, under Condition 6.7(I)(a),

--- Page 268 ---
249 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the Interest Rate 
(or any component part(s) thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) on the Notes, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the: (A) European Commission, in the case of Notes denominated in euro, (B) central bank, reserve 
bank, monetary authority or similar institution for the currency to which such Original Reference 
Rate relates or (C) central bank or other supervisory authority that is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate, or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee established, approved or sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of: (A) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference 
Rate relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority that is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof, and 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate that is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body (which, for Notes referencing EURIBOR, shall be an 
€STR-based rate for debt securities based upon the “Recommendations by the working-group on euro risk-
free rates on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and €STR-based EURIBOR fallback rates” dated 11 May 
2021 (the “EURIBOR Recommendations”) unless the Relevant Nominating Body for EURIBOR amends, 
supplements or otherwise modifies the EURIBOR Recommendations at any time, in which case, such 
amendment, supplement or other modification to the EURIBOR Recommendations shall be taken into 
account for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate to EURIBOR for the purposes of the relevant 
Notes). 
II. 
The following Benchmark Discontinuation and Reference Rate Replacement provisions in this 
Condition 6.7(II) apply to all Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR and Condition 6.7(II) 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Effect of a Benchmark Event 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement. If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred before the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the 
Benchmark on any date, then the Benchmark Replacement shall replace the then-current Benchmark 
for all purposes relating to the Floating Rate Notes in respect of such determination on such date and 
all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation and 
administration of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer shall have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
If the Issuer exercises its right to make any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, then the 
Issuer and the Agents shall, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
agree to the necessary modifications to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect 
to such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
In connection with any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in accordance with this 
Condition 6.7(II)(a)(ii), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which (at 
the request of the Issuer) the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted 
to trading. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.7(II)(a)(ii), neither the Calculation 
Agent nor any other Paying Agent is obliged to concur with the Issuer in respect of any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes that, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or such other 
Paying Agent, in each case, acting reasonably and in good faith, would impose more onerous

--- Page 269 ---
250 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or 
amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, such other 
Paying Agent in the Agency Agreement. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.7(II), including any determination with respect to tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision 
to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection (including with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes): (A) will be conclusive and binding upon all parties absent 
manifest error and subject as provided in this Condition 6.7(II), (B) shall be made in the Issuer’s sole 
discretion and (C) subject as provided in this Condition 6.7(II), shall become effective without 
consent from any Noteholder, Agent or other Person. None of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Exchange Agent or the Registrar will have any liability for any determination made by 
(or on behalf of) the Issuer in connection with a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Replacement. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any substitute SOFR or for 
making any adjustments to any alternative benchmark or spread thereon, the business day 
convention, the interest determination dates or any other relevant methodology for calculating any 
such substitute or successor benchmark. In connection with this Condition 6.7(II), the Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely upon any determinations made by (or on behalf of) the 
Issuer and shall have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Notice 
Any Benchmark Replacement, and the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, determined under this Condition 6.7(II) shall be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, if any. 
(b) 
Defined Terms 
As used in this Condition 6.7(II): 
“Benchmark” means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined in Conditions 6.2(b)(v) through 
(viii); provided that if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to Compounded SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement, 
“Benchmark Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-
current Benchmark: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by (or on behalf of) the administrator of such 
Benchmark announcing or stating that such administrator has ceased or will cease on a specified 
date to provide such Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such 
Benchmark, 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of such Benchmark, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such 
Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such 
Benchmark announcing or stating that the administrator of such Benchmark has ceased or will cease 
on a specified date to provide such Benchmark permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
such Benchmark, or

--- Page 270 ---
251 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of such Benchmark announcing or stating that such Benchmark is no longer representative, 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by 
the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) an alternate interest rate that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate interest rate that has been selected by the Issuer as the replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted interest rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or method for calculating 
or determining such spread adjustment, that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment, and 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by 
the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time, 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definitions or interpretations of 
Interest Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, changes to 
the definition of “Corresponding Tenor” solely when such tenor is longer than the Interest Period, the 
rounding of amounts or tenors and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Issuer 
decides are appropriate to make to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, then in such other manner 
as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary), 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to the then-
current Benchmark: 
(a) 
in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of “Benchmark Event,” the later of: (i) the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the 
administrator of such Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide such Benchmark, or 
(b) 
in the case of clause (c) of the definition of “Benchmark Event,” the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt: (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, then the Benchmark 
Replacement Date shall be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination, and

--- Page 271 ---
252 
(ii) for purposes of the definitions of Benchmark Replacement Date and Benchmark Event, references to 
Benchmark also include any reference rate underlying such Benchmark, 
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including overnight) having 
approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-
current Benchmark, 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor, 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for 
the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment, 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means: (a) if the Benchmark is SOFR 
Index Rate with Observation Period Shift, the SOFR Index Determination Time, and (b) otherwise, the time 
determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto, and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
6.8 
Defined Terms 
In these Conditions: 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Specified Business 
Centre (other than the real-time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (or any successor or 
replacement system) (the “T2 System”)) specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(b) 
if the T2 System is specified as a Specified Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, then a day on 
which the T2 System is open, and 
(c) 
either: (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency, or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 System is open, 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest, 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, with respect to a Tranche of Notes, the date (if any) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms from (and including) which such Notes will accrue interest, which may or may not be their 
Issue Date, 
“Interest Period” for a Series means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date for such Series (or, in 
respect of the first Interest Period for such Series, its Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or, in 
respect of the first Interest Period, first) Interest Payment Date for such Series,

--- Page 272 ---
253 
“Reference Banks” means: 
(a) 
in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-
zone interbank market, 
(b) 
in the case of a determination of ROBOR, the principal Bucharest office of four major banks in the Romanian 
interbank market, 
(c) 
in the case of a determination of PRIBOR, the principal Prague office of four major banks in the Prague 
interbank market, 
(d) 
in the case of a determination of HIBOR, the principal Hong Kong office of four major banks in the Hong 
Kong interbank market, 
(e) 
in the case of a determination of SIBOR, the principal Singapore office of four major banks in the Singapore 
interbank market, 
(f) 
in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Norwegian 
interbank market, 
(g) 
in the case of a determination of WIBOR, the principal Warsaw office of four major banks in the Warsaw 
interbank market, and 
(h) 
in the case of a determination of CNH HIBOR, the principal Hong Kong office of four major banks dealing 
in Renminbi in the Hong Kong interbank market, 
in each case, as selected by the Issuer or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
“Reference Rate” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: (a) the Euro-zone interbank offered 
rate (“EURIBOR”), (b) TLREF, (c) the Hong Kong interbank offered rate (“HIBOR”), (d) the Romanian interbank 
offered rate (“ROBOR”), (e) the Prague interbank offered rate (“PRIBOR”), (f) the Singapore interbank offered rate 
(“SIBOR”), (g) the Norwegian interbank offered rate (“NIBOR”), (h) the Warsaw interbank offered rate (“WIBOR”), 
(i) the CNH Hong Kong interbank offered rate (“CNH HIBOR”), (j) SONIA or (k) SOFR, in each case, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, 
“Relevant Period” means the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date, 
“Specified Time” means, with respect to a Tranche of Notes, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Method of Payment 
Except as provided in this Condition 7, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (or any account to which such Specified Currency may be credited or 
transferred) maintained by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on 
a bank or other financial institution that processes payments in the Specified Currency. 
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes will be subject in all cases to: (a) any fiscal or other laws applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9, and (b) any withholding or 
deduction (“FATCA Withholding Tax”) required pursuant to FATCA.

--- Page 273 ---
254 
In these Conditions, “FATCA” means: (a) an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the “Code”), of the United States of America, (b) Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, (c) any 
regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof, (d) any intergovernmental agreement between 
the United States and any other governmental authority entered into in connection with the implementation of the 
foregoing in this definition or (e) any applicable law, rule or official practice implementing such an intergovernmental 
agreement. 
7.2 
Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions to the contrary, payments of principal on a Definitive Bearer 
Note shall (subject as provided below in this Condition 7.2) be made in the manner provided in Condition 7.1 only 
against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, presentation and endorsement) of such Definitive 
Bearer Note, and payments of interest on a Definitive Bearer Note will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid only against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, presentation and endorsement) of the 
applicable Coupon(s), in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and 
its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes) should be presented for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to 
be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case 
of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum 
so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the 
expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9.2(a)) in respect of such principal (whether or not 
such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 10) or, if later, five years from the date on which 
such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Definitive Bearer Note becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, 
exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, then interest (if any) 
accrued on such Definitive Bearer Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may 
be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of such Definitive Bearer Note. 
A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note that on issue had a Talon attached) whose 
principal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon; provided that such Note shall cease to be 
a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid 
thereon after that date is less than the principal amount of such Note. 
7.3 
Payments on Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on Notes represented by any Bearer Global Note will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner specified in Condition 7.2 in relation to Definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the 
manner specified in the relevant Bearer Global Note, where applicable against surrender or, as the case may be, 
presentation and endorsement, of such Bearer Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States. A record of each payment, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, 
will be made on such Bearer Global Note either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
7.4 
Payments on Registered Notes 
Payments of principal to redeem a Registered Note (whether a Definitive Note or a Global Note) in full will be made 
only against surrender of such Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. 
Such payments shall be made by transfer to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) 
of such Registered Note appearing in the Register at: (a) where in global form and held under the “new safekeeping 
structure” for registered global securities that are intended to constitute eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary

--- Page 274 ---
255 
policy operations (the “NSS”), the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (b) in all other cases, the close of 
business at the specified office of the Registrar on the 15th day before the relevant due date (or, if such 15th day is not 
a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located, then the 
first such day prior to such 15th day) (in each case, the “Record Date”). Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if: (i) 
a holder does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the principal amount of such Registered Note is less than 
US$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), then payment may instead be made by a 
cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank. For these purposes, “Designated Account” means the 
account maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” 
means any bank or other financial institution that processes payments in such Specified Currency. 
Except as set forth in the next and final sentences of this paragraph, payments of interest and (except upon redemption 
in full) principal on a Registered Note (whether a Definitive Note or a Global Note) will be made by a cheque in the 
Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business day in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first 
named of joint holders) of such Registered Note appearing in the Register at the close of business on the relevant 
Record Date at the address of such holder shown in the Register on such Record Date and at such holder’s risk. Upon 
application of such holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest or any such payment of 
principal on a Registered Note, such payment will be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the 
preceding paragraph for the final payment of principal on the applicable Registered Note. Any such application for 
transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) and principal 
on such Registered Note that become payable to the holder thereof who has made the initial application until such time 
as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due on a Registered Note 
on redemption in full will be made in the same manner as the final payment of the principal of such Registered Note 
as described in the preceding paragraph. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in receiving any amount 
due on any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date 
for payment or being lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by any Agent in 
respect of any payments of principal or interest on the Registered Notes, except as provided in Conditions 7.8 and 7.9. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in respect of Notes 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer by the Fiscal Agent to an account 
of the Exchange Agent in the relevant Specified Currency on behalf of DTC or its nominee for: (x) payment in such 
Specified Currency or (y) conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars, in each case, in accordance with the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement and Condition 7.9. 
None of the Issuer or any of the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating 
to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
7.5 
General Provisions Applicable to Payments 
Except as provided in the Deed of Covenant, the registered holder of a Registered Global Note or the holder of a Bearer 
Global Note shall be the only Person entitled to receive payments on the Notes represented by such Global Note and 
the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, such holder in respect of each amount so paid. Each of 
the Persons shown in the records of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, as the beneficial 
owner of a particular principal amount of Notes represented by a Global Note must look solely to DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for such Person’s share of each payment so made by (or on behalf of) 
the Issuer to, or to the order of, the registered holder of a Registered Global Note or the holder of a Bearer Global 
Note. Except as provided in the Deed of Covenant, no Person other than the registered holder of a Registered Global 
Note or the holder of a Bearer Global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer in respect of any payments due on 
such Global Note.

--- Page 275 ---
256 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Conditions 7.2 and 7.3, if any amount of principal and/or interest on Bearer Notes 
is payable in U.S. dollars, then such payments will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States only if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices 
outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the United States 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or 
receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars, and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
7.6 
Payment Business Day 
If the date for payment of any amount on any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day, then the holder thereof 
shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant amount due until the next Payment Business Day in the relevant place 
(except in the case of Modified Fixed Rate Notes and Modified Floating Rate Notes where a Payment Business Day 
Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case such holder will be entitled to payment on the 
Payment Business Day in the relevant place as determined in accordance with the Payment Business Day Convention 
so specified) and, in any such case, shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes: 
“Payment Business Day” means any day that (subject to Condition 10) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Definitive Notes only, the relevant place of presentation, and 
(ii) 
any Specified Financial Centre (other than the T2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(b) 
if the T2 System is specified as a Specified Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on which 
the T2 System is open, 
(c) 
either: (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency, or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 System is open (in 
each of clauses (i) and (ii), disregarding any elections to receive payment in a different currency pursuant to 
Conditions 7.8 and 7.9), and 
(d) 
in the case of any payment on a Global Note, a day on which DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, settle(s) payments in the applicable Specified Currency (or, with respect to 
DTC, U.S. dollars), and 
“Payment Business Day Convention” means, if the Payment Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the: 
(a) 
Following Business Day Convention, the next following Payment Business Day,

--- Page 276 ---
257 
(b) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, the next day that is a Payment Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the holder shall be entitled to such payment at the 
place of presentation on the immediately preceding Payment Business Day, or 
(c) 
Preceding Business Day Convention, the immediately preceding Payment Business Day. 
7.7 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal on a Note shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any Additional Amounts that may be payable with respect to such principal under Condition 9.1, 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of such Note, 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Note, 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of such Note, 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 8.5) of such Note, 
and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) that may be payable by the Issuer on such Note. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest on the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts that may be payable with respect to such interest under Condition 9.1. 
7.8 
U.S. Dollar Exchange and Payments on Turkish Lira-denominated Notes held other than through DTC 
(a) 
If “USD Payment Election” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Specified 
Currency set out in such Final Terms is Turkish Lira and interests in the Notes are not represented by a 
Registered Global Note registered in the name of DTC (or a nominee thereof) or by a Global Note held under 
the NSS, then the holder thereof (determined as of the applicable Record Date in the case of Registered Notes) 
may, no more than 14 days and no less than five Business Days before the due date (the “Relevant Payment 
Date”) for the next payment of interest and/or principal on such Note (such period, the “USD Election 
Period”), give an irrevocable election to any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in 
the case of Registered Notes) to receive such payment in U.S. dollars instead of Turkish Lira (a “USD 
Payment Election”). Upon its receipt of such an election, the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar (as 
applicable) shall notify the Fiscal Agent on the Business Day following each USD Election Period of the 
USD Payment Elections made by the Noteholders during such USD Election Period and, upon its receipt of 
such notification, the Fiscal Agent shall notify the Exchange Agent of the proportion of such interest and/or 
principal on the Notes due on the Relevant Payment Date (as defined below) that is payable to Noteholders 
who have given a USD Payment Election (the “Lira Amount”). 
Upon receipt of the Lira Amount from the Issuer and by no later than 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such 
Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal Agent shall transfer the Lira Amount to the Exchange Agent. Following 
receipt of the Lira Amount from the Fiscal Agent, the Exchange Agent shall provide for the Lira Amount to 
be converted into U.S. dollars in the manner provided in Condition 7.8(b) and then to be transferred to the 
Fiscal Agent for onward payment to the holders of such Notes on such Relevant Payment Date in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 7.8 and Clause 7.10 of the Agency Agreement. 
If the Fiscal Agent receives cleared funds from the Issuer in respect of Turkish Lira-denominated Notes held 
other than through DTC after the time noted in the previous paragraph, then the Fiscal Agent shall transfer 
the Lira Amount to the Exchange Agent for conversion into U.S. dollars as soon as reasonably practicable 
and, following such conversion, the Exchange Agent shall transfer such U.S. dollar amounts to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Fiscal Agent shall use reasonable efforts to pay any U.S. dollar amounts that Noteholders have 
elected to receive in respect of such funds as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.

--- Page 277 ---
258 
Each USD Payment Election of a Noteholder will be made only in respect of the immediately following 
payment of interest and/or principal on the Notes the subject of such USD Payment Election and, unless a 
USD Payment Election is given in respect of each subsequent payment of interest and principal on those 
Notes, such payments will be made in Turkish Lira. 
(b) 
Upon receipt of the Lira Amount from the Fiscal Agent pursuant to Condition 7.8(a), the Exchange Agent 
shall purchase U.S. dollars with the Lira Amount for settlement on the Relevant Payment Date at a purchase 
price calculated on the basis of its own internal foreign exchange conversion procedures, which conversion 
shall be conducted in a commercially reasonable manner and on a similar basis to that which the Exchange 
Agent would use to effect such conversion for its customers (such rate, taking into account any spread, fees, 
commissions or charges on foreign exchange transactions customarily charged by it in connection with such 
conversion, the “Applicable Exchange Rate”). 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.8, neither the Exchange Agent nor the Issuer shall be liable to any 
Noteholder, the Issuer or any third party for any losses whatsoever resulting from application by the Exchange 
Agent of the Applicable Exchange Rate. The Exchange Agent may rely conclusively on the basis on which 
its internal foreign exchange conversion rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any third party indices 
forming the basis for such conversation rates) for settlement has been determined and shall not be liable for 
losses associated with the basis for determination of such rate. 
Each Agent shall be entitled to rely, without further investigation or enquiry, on any notification or irrevocable 
elections received by it or provided to it (including, without limitation, any calculation in respect of the Lira 
Amount) pursuant to this Condition 7.8 and shall not be liable to any party for any losses whatsoever resulting 
from acting in accordance with such notifications or irrevocable instructions or calculations even though, 
subsequent to its acting, it may be found that there was some defect in the notification or irrevocable 
instruction or the notification or irrevocable instruction was not authentic or an error existed in the 
calculations. 
Any foreign exchange transaction effected by the Exchange Agent will generally be a transaction to buy or 
sell currency between: (i) on one part, the Issuer (acting through the Fiscal Agent, as an agent of the Issuer) 
and (ii) on the other part, either the Exchange Agent or its affiliate (acting as principal for its own account). 
The Fiscal Agent as agent of the Issuer will enter into the foreign exchange transaction with the Exchange 
Agent or its affiliate acting as a principal for its own account, and not as an agent, fiduciary or broker on 
behalf of the Issuer. In the sole and absolute discretion of the Exchange Agent, the foreign exchange 
transaction may be transmitted by the Exchange Agent or any of its affiliates acting as principal for its own 
account to a sub-custodian. In forwarding certain foreign exchange transactions to the sub-custodian for 
execution, the Exchange Agent or its affiliate acting as principal for its own account does not, and will, not 
serve as agent, fiduciary or broker on behalf of the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s obligation to make payments on Notes the Specified Currency of which is Turkish Lira is limited 
to the specified Turkish Lira amount of such payments and, in the event that it fails to make any payment on 
such Notes in full on its due date, its obligation shall remain the payment of the relevant outstanding Turkish 
Lira amount and it shall have no obligation to pay any greater or other amount as a result of any change in 
the Applicable Exchange Rate between the due date and the date on which such payment is made in full. 
(d) 
Following conversion of the Lira Amount into U.S. dollars in accordance with this Condition 7.8 and the 
Agency Agreement, the Exchange Agent shall promptly notify the Fiscal Agent of: (i) the total amount of 
U.S. dollars purchased with the relevant Lira Amount (the “USD Amount”) and (ii) the Applicable Exchange 
Rate at which such U.S. dollars were purchased by the Exchange Agent. 
(e) 
On the Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal Agent shall give notice to the applicable Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 of the matters set out in Condition 7.8(d)(i) and (ii) in reliance on the information provided 
to it by the Exchange Agent in accordance with Condition 7.8(d). 
(f) 
If, for illegality or any other reason, it is not possible for the Exchange Agent to purchase U.S. dollars with 
the Lira Amount, then the Exchange Agent will promptly so notify the Fiscal Agent, which shall, as soon as 
practicable after receipt of such notification from the Exchange Agent, notify the applicable Noteholders of 
such event in accordance with Condition 15 and all payments on the applicable Notes on the Relevant

--- Page 278 ---
259 
Payment Date will be made in Turkish Lira in accordance with this Condition 7, irrespective of any USD 
Payment Election made. 
(g) 
To give a USD Payment Election in respect of this Note: 
(i) 
if this Note is a Definitive Note, then the holder hereof must deliver at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent (with respect to Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (with respect to Registered Notes), on 
any Business Day falling within the USD Election Period, a duly signed and completed USD 
Payment Election in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of 
any Paying Agent (the “USD Payment Election Notice”) and in which such holder must specify a 
USD bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.8 accompanied by this 
Note or evidence satisfactory to the Agent concerned that this Note will, following the delivery of 
the USD Payment Election, be held to the Fiscal Agent’s order or under its control until the 
applicable U.S. dollar payment is made, and 
(ii) 
if this Note is a Global Note, then the holder of an interest in this Global Note must, on any Business 
Day falling within the USD Election Period, give notice to any Paying Agent (with respect to Bearer 
Notes) or the Registrar (with respect to Registered Notes) of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable (which may include 
notice being given on such holder’s instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
depositary for any of them to any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to 
time. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Agents will be liable for any delay or ultimate failure to pay the relevant 
Noteholder(s) caused by any delay or failure of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (or any of their 
respective direct or indirect participants) or any depositary for either of them to provide payment instructions 
with respect to the relevant USD Payment Election. 
(h) 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions to the contrary: (i) all costs (including any fees, 
charges, commissions or spreads) of the purchase of U.S. dollars with the Lira Amount shall be borne pro 
rata by the relevant Noteholders relative to the Notes of such Noteholders the subject of USD Payment 
Elections, which pro rata amount will be deducted from the pro rata portion of the USD Amount paid to 
such Noteholders, (ii) none of the Issuer, any Agent or any other Person shall have any obligation whatsoever 
to pay any related foreign exchange rate spreads, fees, charges, commissions or expenses or to indemnify any 
Noteholder against any difference between the pro rata portion of the USD Amount received by such 
Noteholder and the portion of the Lira Amount that would have been payable to the Noteholder if it had not 
made the relevant USD Payment Election and (iii) neither the Issuer nor any Agent shall have any liability or 
other obligation to any Noteholder with respect to the conversion into U.S. dollars of any amount paid by it 
to the Fiscal Agent in Turkish Lira or the payment of any U.S. dollar amount to the applicable Noteholders. 
(i) 
Notwithstanding any provisions of these Conditions or the applicable Final Terms, in respect of any Notes 
that are the subject of a USD Payment Election in respect of any payment, the definition of Payment Business 
Day shall, for the purposes of such payment on the Relevant Payment Date, be deemed to include a day (other 
than Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are not authorised or required by law to be closed in 
New York City. 
7.9 
Payments on Notes held through DTC in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars 
For any Registered Global Note registered in the name of DTC or its nominee and denominated in a Specified Currency 
other than U.S. dollars, the holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note will receive payment in U.S. dollars 
unless it elects (in accordance with normal DTC practice) to receive such payment in such Specified Currency in the 
manner specified in the Agency Agreement. 
Upon such an election, neither the Issuer nor any of the Agents will be liable for any delay or ultimate failure to pay 
the relevant Noteholder(s) caused by any delay or failure of DTC (or any of its direct or indirect participants) to provide 
payment instructions with respect to the relevant Specified Currency.

--- Page 279 ---
260 
7.10 
RMB Account 
All payments on the Notes in RMB will be made solely by credit to a RMB account maintained by the payee at a bank 
in Hong Kong or such other financial centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) in accordance with applicable laws, rules and guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable 
laws with respect to the settlement of RMB in Hong Kong or any relevant RMB Settlement Centre). 
“RMB Settlement Centre(s)” means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms in accordance 
with applicable laws. If no RMB Settlement Centre is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the RMB Settlement 
Centre shall be deemed to be in Hong Kong. 
7.11 
RMB Currency Event 
If “RMB Currency Event” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and a RMB Currency Event 
occurs and is continuing on a date for payment of any amount due on any Note or Coupon, the Issuer’s obligation to 
make payment in RMB under the terms of the Notes may be satisfied by payment of such amount in U.S. dollars 
converted using the Spot Rate for the Rate Calculation Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event that is continuing, the Issuer shall give irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 not less than five nor more than 30 days before the relevant due date for 
payment or, if this is not practicable due to the time at which the relevant RMB Currency Event occurs, as soon as 
practicable following such occurrence, stating the occurrence of the RMB Currency Event, giving details thereof and 
the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
For the purpose of this Condition and unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms (and subject, in the case 
of any determination of the Calculation Agent, to the provisions of Condition 6.4): 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), court, 
tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the 
regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong, 
“Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong, London and New York City, 
“Rate Calculation Date” means the day that is two Rate Calculation Business Days before the due date of the relevant 
payment under the Notes, 
“RMB Currency Event” means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and RMB Inconvertibility, 
“RMB Illiquidity” means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result of which the 
Issuer cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to make a payment, of any amount, in whole or in part, under the Notes, 
as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with 
two independent foreign exchange dealers of international repute active in the RMB exchange market in Hong Kong, 
“RMB Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert in the 
general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong any amount, in whole or in part, due on the Notes into RMB on any 
payment date, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law 
enacted by a Governmental Authority (unless such law is enacted after the Issue Date of the most recently issued 
Tranche of Notes of this Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, to 
comply with such law), 
“RMB Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to deliver RMB 
between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong 
(including where the RMB clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or 
suspended), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law enacted 
by a Governmental Authority (unless such law is enacted after the Issue Date of the most recently issued Tranche of 
Notes of this Series and it is impossible for the Issuer due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law), 
and

--- Page 280 ---
261 
“Spot Rate” means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with RMB in the over-the-
counter RMB exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Rate Calculation Business Days, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by 
reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent shall, acting reasonably 
and in good faith, determine the rate taking into consideration all available information that the Calculation Agent 
deems relevant, including, among other things, pricing information obtained from the RMB non-deliverable exchange 
market in Hong Kong or elsewhere and the CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange 
market. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money 
Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a 
comparable currency exchange rate. 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer 
at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in (except as provided in Conditions 7.8 and 
7.9) the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.2 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If: 
(a) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 9.2(b)), or any change in the application or official interpretation of the laws of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes effective after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the most recently issued Tranche of Notes of this Series (which shall, for the avoidance of doubt and 
for the purposes of this Condition 8.2, be the date on which the applicable Final Terms is signed by the Issuer), 
on the next Interest Payment Date, the Issuer would be required to: 
(i) 
pay Additional Amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9, and 
(ii) 
make any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed, assessed or levied by 
(or on behalf of) a Relevant Jurisdiction at a rate in excess of the applicable prevailing rates on the 
date on which agreement is reached to issue the most recently issued Tranche of Notes of this Series, 
and 
(b) 
such requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
then the Issuer may, at its option, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the applicable Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes 
of this Series on any Payment Business Day at their Early Redemption Amount together (if applicable) with all interest 
accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption 
pursuant to this Condition 8.2, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent: (i) a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer stating that the requirement referred to in clause (a) will apply on the next Interest Payment 
Date and cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it and (ii) an opinion of independent 
legal or tax advisors of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
8.3 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 8.3 applies to Notes that are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the Issuer 
(other than for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 8.2), such option being referred to as an “Issuer Call.” The 
applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 8.3 for full information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the applicable Final Terms identifies any Optional

--- Page 281 ---
262 
Redemption Date(s), any Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes that can be 
redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
If “Issuer Call” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the Issuer may, having given not 
less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed 
for redemption), redeem all or (if a Minimum Redemption Amount and/or Maximum Redemption Amount is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable) some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together (if 
applicable) with all interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. If a 
Minimum Redemption Amount and/or Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, then any such redemption must be of a principal amount not less than such Minimum Redemption 
Amount nor more than such Maximum Redemption Amount. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes under this Condition 8.3, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) 
will: (a) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot not more than 
30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, and (b) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, 
be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion) 
and/or DTC (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by Definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance 
with Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (or, if the Final Terms for the applicable 
Series provides for a shorter minimum notice period for redemption, such shorter number of days). 
No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date 
to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.3. 
“Optional Redemption Date” has the meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.4 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 8.4 applies to Notes that are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the 
Noteholder, such option being referred to as an “Investor Put.” The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 8.4 for full information on any 
Investor Put. In particular, the applicable Final Terms identifies any Optional Redemption Date(s), any Optional 
Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If “Investor Put” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then upon the holder of any Note giving 
to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note 
(or, for Global Notes, the indicated part thereof) on the relevant Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if applicable, with all interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) such Optional 
Redemption Date. Registered Notes (or, for Global Notes, a nominal amount thereof) may be redeemed under this 
Condition 8.4 in any Specified Denomination.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note (or a portion hereof): 
(a) 
if this Note is in definitive form and is held outside of a clearing system, then the holder of this Note must 
deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case 
of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the 
case may be, falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for 
the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, (a “Put Notice”) and in which such holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to 
be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 8.4 and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the 
Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of 
the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 2.2; if this Note is in definitive bearer form, then the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note

--- Page 282 ---
263 
or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put 
Notice, be held to such Paying Agent’s order or under its control, and 
(b) 
if this Note is represented by a Global Note or is held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg while 
in definitive form, then the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent 
of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as applicable (which may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, given by a holder of this Note pursuant to this Condition 8.4 shall be irrevocable except 
where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such 
holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.4 and 
instead to declare this Note (or, if a Global Note, a portion hereof) forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 11. 
8.5 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 8.2 and 11.1, each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated 
as follows (the “Early Redemption Amount”): 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the first Tranche of Notes 
of this Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof, 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount that is or may be less 
or greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of Notes of this Series, at the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its 
outstanding principal amount, or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price set forth in the applicable Final Terms, 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal, and 
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms, which shall be any of: (i) 30/360 (in 
which case the numerator shall be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year 
consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of 
this Series to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360), (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator shall be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of Notes of this Series to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which 
case the numerator shall be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Notes of this Series to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the 
date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
8.6 
Purchases by the Issuer and/or its Subsidiaries 
The Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase, have assigned or otherwise transferred to it or 
otherwise acquire (or have a third party do so for its benefit) Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (provided that, in 
the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) 
in any manner and at any price in the open market or otherwise, including (without limitation) in its capacity as a

--- Page 283 ---
264 
broker for a customer. If any such purchases or acquisitions of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are made by 
tender, exchange or other process, then such tender, exchange or other process shall not be required to be available to 
all Noteholders of the applicable Series, or in the same manner, except to the extent required by law. Such Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) (and, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, the related Coupons and Talons) may be held, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer or (with the Issuer’s consent) any such Subsidiary (as the case may be) for those 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein) held by it, surrendered or notified to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for 
cancellation pursuant to Condition 8.7; provided that any such resale or surrender of a Definitive Bearer Note shall 
include a sale or surrender (as applicable) of all related Coupons and Talons. 
8.7 
Cancellation 
All Notes that are redeemed, all Global Notes that are exchanged in full, all Registered Notes that have been 
transferred, all Coupons that are paid and all Talons that are exchanged shall be cancelled by the Agent by which they 
are redeemed, exchanged, transferred or paid. All Notes so cancelled cannot be reissued or resold and (if such 
cancellation is for the full amount thereof) the applicable Global Note or Definitive Note shall be forwarded to the 
Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar for cancellation. 
In addition, the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may, in accordance with Condition 8.6, surrender to any Paying Agent 
or the Registrar any Notes (in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) 
related to them) held by it that it wishes to have cancelled (or notify the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, the Registrar of any beneficial interests in a Global Note to be so cancelled), which Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) (and, if applicable, unmatured Coupons or Talons) shall, to the extent that the Issuer indicates in writing the 
same to the relevant Paying Agent (or, as applicable, the Registrar), be promptly cancelled by the Agent to which they 
are surrendered (or, as the case may be, the Agent(s) so notified). All Notes so cancelled cannot be reissued or resold 
and (if such cancellation is for the full amount thereof) the applicable Global Note or Definitive Note shall be 
forwarded to the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar for cancellation. 
Each of the Agents shall deliver all cancelled Notes, Coupons and Talons to the Fiscal Agent or as the Fiscal Agent 
may specify. 
8.8 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note pursuant to 
this Condition 8 or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 11 is improperly withheld or refused, 
then the amount due and repayable on such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
Condition 8.5(c) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date that is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due on such Zero Coupon Note have been paid, and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable on such Zero Coupon Notes has been 
received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
9. 
TAXATION 
9.1 
Payment without Withholding 
All payments of principal and interest on the Notes (including with respect to the Coupons, if any) by (or on behalf of) 
the Issuer shall be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
levies, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (“Taxes”) imposed, assessed or levied by (or on behalf 
of) any Relevant Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by 
the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts that would 
have been receivable on the Notes (including with respect to the Coupons, if any) in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction; provided that no Additional Amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment on any Note or Coupon:

--- Page 284 ---
265 
(a) 
presented for payment by (or on behalf of) a holder who is liable for Taxes in respect of the Note or Coupon 
by reason of such holder having some connection with any Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding 
of the Note or Coupon or the receipt of payment in respect thereof, 
(b) 
presented for payment in Türkiye, or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that a holder of the 
relevant Note or Coupon would have been entitled to Additional Amounts on presenting the same for payment 
on the last day of such 30 day period (assuming that day to have been a Payment Business Day). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other 
Person be required to pay any Additional Amounts or other amounts in respect of the Notes (including on Coupons) 
for, or on account of, any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
9.2 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Relevant Date” means, with respect to any payment, the date on which such payment first becomes due but, if the 
full amount of the money payable has not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or before the due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such money having been so received, notice to that effect has been duly given to the 
holder of the applicable Note by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15, and 
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means: (a) Türkiye or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax or (b) any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments made by it of principal and interest on the Notes 
(including with respect to the Coupons, if any). 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or 
interest with respect thereto are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case 
of interest) from the Relevant Date therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for payment in 
respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7.2 or any Talon that would be void pursuant 
to Condition 7.2. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
11.1 
Events of Default 
The holder of any Note may give notice to the Issuer that such Note is, and such Note shall accordingly forthwith 
become, immediately due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount, with all interest accrued and unpaid to (but 
excluding) the date of repayment, if any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall have occurred and 
be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made by the Issuer in the payment of any principal or interest due on the Notes or any of them 
and the default continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal or 14 days in the case of interest, 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Conditions and (except in any 
case where the failure is incapable of remedy, when no continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will 
be required) the failure continues for the period of 14 days following the service by any Noteholder on the 
Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied, 
(c) 
if: (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes due 
and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described), (ii) the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the

--- Page 285 ---
266 
due date for payment, subject to any originally applicable grace period, (iii) any security given by the Issuer 
or any of its Material Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes enforceable or (iv) 
default is made by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any 
guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other 
Person, subject to any applicable grace period; provided that the aggregate principal amount of: (A) such 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary in the case of clause(s) (i), (ii) 
and/or (iii) above and/or (B) the maximum amount payable by the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary under 
such guarantee and/or indemnity of the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary in the case of clause (iv) above 
exceeds US$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency(ies)), 
(d) 
if: 
(i) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution is passed for the winding up or dissolution 
of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, 
(ii) 
(A) the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part, or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or substantially the whole, 
in each case, of its business, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders, or (B) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
suspends or threatens to suspend payment of, or is unable to (or admits inability to) pay, its debts (or 
any class of its debts) as they fall due or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the 
purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated, declared or found by a competent authority to be 
(or becomes) bankrupt or insolvent, 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries commences negotiations with one or more of its 
creditors with a view to the general readjustment or rescheduling of all or a substantial part of its 
indebtedness, or 
(iv) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries: (A) takes any corporate action or other steps are taken 
or legal proceedings are started: (1) for its winding-up, dissolution, administration, bankruptcy or 
reorganisation (other than for the purposes of and followed by a reconstruction while solvent upon 
terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders) or (2) for the 
appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee or similar officer 
of it or any substantial part or all of its revenues and assets or (B) shall, or proposes to, make a 
general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or shall enter into any general arrangement or 
composition with its creditors, 
in each case in clauses (i) to (iv) above, save for the solvent voluntary winding-up, dissolution or 
reorganisation of any Material Subsidiary in connection with any combination with, or transfer of the whole 
or substantially the whole of its business and/or assets to, the Issuer or one or more other Subsidiary(ies) of 
the Issuer, or 
(e) 
if the banking licence of the Issuer is temporarily or permanently revoked or the management of the Issuer is 
assumed by the Savings Deposit Insurance Fund under the provisions of the Banking Law (Law No. 5411) 
of Türkiye. 
11.2 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of this Condition 11: 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or other 
amounts) for or in respect of: 
(a) 
any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities, 
(b) 
any borrowed money, or 
(c) 
any liability under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit.

--- Page 286 ---
267 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on 
such terms as to: (a) evidence of such loss, theft, mutilation, defacement or destruction and (b) indemnity, in each case 
as the Issuer and/or the Fiscal Agent or, as applicable, the Registrar may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out in the Agency Agreement. If any additional 
Agents are appointed in connection with this Series, then the names of such Agents will be specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Subject to the terms of the Agency Agreement, the Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent, appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any Agent acts; provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar, 
(b) 
there will at all times be: (i) in the case of Bearer Notes, a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent), 
and (ii) in the case of Registered Notes, a Transfer Agent (which may be the Registrar), 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction other than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is 
incorporated, 
(d) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars are 
held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent with a specified office in the 
United States, and 
(e) 
so long as this Series of Notes was listed on a stock exchange by the Issuer and remains so listed, there will 
at all times be an Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) having a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of such exchange or any other relevant authority. 
In addition, the Issuer shall as promptly as practicable appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in the United 
States in the circumstances described in Condition 7.5. 
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Agents and of any changes to the specified office of an 
Agent will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
Any such variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of the bankruptcy, 
insolvency or similar event of the applicable Agent, a Paying Agent ceasing to be a FATCA-Compliant Entity, a 
Paying Agent determining that it is unable to concur with the Issuer in respect of Benchmark Amendments for the 
reasons outlined in Condition 6.7(I)(d) or as otherwise prescribed by the Agency Agreement, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation 
to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, Couponholder or other Person. The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted, with which it is consolidated 
or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition, “FATCA-Compliant Entity” means a Person payments to whom are not subject to 
any FATCA Withholding Tax.

--- Page 287 ---
268 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon included in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon 
(if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange 
for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the 
final date for the payment of interest due on the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 10. 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices to Noteholders regarding the Bearer Notes shall be in English and be deemed to be validly given if published 
in English in a leading English language newspaper of general circulation in London. It is anticipated (but not required) 
that any such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are 
duly published in a manner that complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the Bearer Notes (if any) are (at the request of the Issuer) for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted 
to trading, including publication on the website of such stock exchange and/or other relevant authority if required by 
those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required 
to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date by which publication has occurred in all required 
newspapers. 
All notices to Noteholders regarding the Registered Notes shall be in English and be deemed to be validly given if sent 
by messenger, courier, first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named 
of joint holders) of such Registered Notes at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of delivery (if delivered by messenger or courier) or the fourth day after mailing (if sent 
by mail). In addition, for so long as any Registered Note is (at the request of the Issuer) listed on a stock exchange or 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of such stock exchange or relevant authority so require, 
such notice shall be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange and/or relevant authority and/or in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
So long as any Global Note is held on behalf of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, there may be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such website(s) or such delivery or mailing the delivery of the 
relevant notice to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, for communication by them to the 
holders of interests in such Global Note. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of interests 
in such Note on such day as is specified in the applicable Final Terms after the day on which such notice was given to 
DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable (or, if not so specified, on the second London Business 
Day after the date on which such notice was given to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable). 
In addition, for so long as any Note is (at the request of the Issuer) listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading 
by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, the notice described 
in the previous paragraph shall be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or 
in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing in English and given by lodging the same (together, in the 
case of any Definitive Bearer Note, with the relevant Definitive Bearer Note) with the Fiscal Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Any such Definitive Bearer Note shall be returned to 
the relevant Noteholder after such notice has been given in the event such Definitive Bearer Note is otherwise due to 
be returned to such Noteholder. For so long as any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be 
given by any holder of an interest in such Global Note to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar through DTC, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and DTC, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
Holders of any Coupon appertaining to a Note shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to the applicable Noteholder.

--- Page 288 ---
269 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATIONS 
16.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (including at a physical 
location or by means of an electronic platform (such as a conference call or videoconference) or a combination thereof) 
to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of any 
modification of the Notes (including any of these Conditions), the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer at any time and shall be convened by the Issuer if required 
in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 5% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of this Series for 
the time being outstanding. A meeting that has been validly convened in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement may be cancelled by the Person(s) who convened (or, if applicable, caused the Issuer to convene) such 
meeting by giving at least five days’ notice (which, in the case of a meeting convened by the Issuer, shall be given to 
the applicable Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 and to the Fiscal Agent); provided that if the Issuer had 
convened such meeting after having been required to do so by one or more Noteholder(s) pursuant to Clause 3.1 of 
Schedule 5 of the Agency Agreement, then the Issuer may not so cancel such meeting absent a request to do so from 
such Noteholder(s). 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more eligible Person(s) present and 
holding or representing in the aggregate at least a majority of the principal amount of the Notes of this Series for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more eligible Person(s) present being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting 
the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes (including these Conditions) or the 
Coupons (including modifying the Maturity Date of the applicable Series of Notes or any date for the payment of 
interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or interest payable on the applicable Series of Notes, 
altering the currency of payment of the applicable Series of Notes or the related Coupons or amending the Deed of 
Covenant in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more eligible Person(s) present and holding or representing 
in the aggregate not less than two-thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of this Series for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more eligible Person(s) present and holding or representing in 
the aggregate not less than one-third in principal amount of the Notes of this Series for the time being outstanding. An 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed by the Noteholders shall be binding upon all the Noteholders, whether or not 
they are present or represented at any meeting and whether or not they vote on the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that (inter alia): (a) a resolution in writing signed by (or on behalf of) the Noteholders 
of not less than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of this Series for the time being outstanding 
(whether such resolution in writing is contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed 
by (or on behalf of) one or more Noteholders) or (b) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant 
clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent) by (or on behalf of) the Noteholders of not less than 
75% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of this Series for the time being outstanding will, in each case, 
take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution and shall be binding upon all Noteholders. 
16.2 
Modification without Noteholder Consent 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, effect any modification (except such 
modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as mentioned in Condition 16.1) of any of the Notes 
(including these Conditions), the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll or the Agency Agreement that is, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, either: (a) for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing or correcting any manifest or proven error 
or any other defective provision contained herein or therein or (b) following the advice of an independent financial 
institution of international standing, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such 
modification shall be binding upon the Noteholders and Couponholders and shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
applicable Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 15. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions or the Agency Agreement, the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall not be required in the case of amendments to these Conditions pursuant to 
Condition 6.7 to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate(s) or amount of interest or the basis for calculating 
any Interest Amount on the Notes or for any other variation of these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required 
to be made in the circumstances described in Condition 6.7 (with respect to Condition 6.7(I), where the Issuer has 
delivered to the Calculation Agent a certificate pursuant to Condition 6.7(I)(e)).

--- Page 289 ---
270 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, create and issue further 
notes having terms and conditions the same as those of this Series of Notes, or the same in all respects except for the 
amount and/or date of the first payment of interest thereon, the issue date and/or the date from which interest starts to 
accrue, so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with such outstanding Notes; provided that the 
Issuer shall ensure that such further notes will be fungible with such outstanding Notes for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes as a result of their issuance being a “qualified reopening” under U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.1275-2(k) 
unless the original Notes were, and such further Notes are, offered and sold by (or on behalf of) the Issuer solely in 
reliance upon Regulation S in offshore transactions to Persons other than U.S. persons. 
In addition, the Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, create and 
issue separate Series of Notes under the Programme. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No Person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any Person that exists or is available apart from that 
Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing Law 
These Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith, are and shall be (and 
the Notes and Coupons state that they, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, 
are and shall be) governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
19.2 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the High Court of Justice 
of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating 
to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes that arise out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or Coupons) and accordingly 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts with respect thereto. 
In connection with any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons 
(including any such suit, action or other proceeding relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) (together referred to as “Proceedings”), the Issuer waives any objection 
to the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in 
respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) 
on the grounds that it is an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may initiate any Proceedings against the Issuer 
in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
19.3 
Consent to Enforcement 
The Issuer agrees, without prejudice to the enforcement of a judgment obtained in the High Court of Justice of England 
and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any 
judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) according to the provisions of 
Article 54 of the International Private and Procedure Law of Türkiye (Law No. 5718), that in the event that any action 
is brought in relation to the Issuer in a court in Türkiye in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, in addition 
to other permissible legal evidence pursuant to the Civil Procedure Code of Türkiye (Law No. 6100), any judgment 
obtained in such courts in connection with such action shall constitute conclusive evidence of the existence and amount 
of the claim against the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of the first paragraph of Article 193 of the Civil Procedure

--- Page 290 ---
271 
Code of Türkiye (Law No. 6100) and Articles 58 and 59 of the International Private and Procedure Law of Türkiye 
(Law No. 5718). 
19.4 
Service of Process 
In connection with any Proceedings in England, service of process may be made upon the Issuer at any of its branches 
or other offices in England and the Issuer undertakes that, in the event of its ceasing to have such a branch or other 
office, the Issuer shall promptly appoint another Person as its agent for that purpose. This Condition does not affect 
the right to serve process in any other manner allowed by law. 
19.5 
Other Documents 
The Issuer has, in the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed Poll, submitted to the jurisdiction of 
the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in 
respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) 
and agreed to service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above in this Condition 19.

--- Page 291 ---
272 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and procedures 
of the Clearing Systems currently in effect. The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained 
from sources that the Bank’s management believes to be reliable, but neither the Bank nor any Dealer takes any responsibility 
for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the 
continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of the Issuer nor any 
other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or 
payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or 
for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is required to notify Central Registry İstanbul within three İstanbul 
business days from the applicable Issue Date of a Tranche of Notes of the amount, Issue Date, ISIN (if any), interest 
commencement date, maturity date, interest rate, name of the custodian and currency of such Notes and the country of issuance. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking Law, a 
“banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the 
New York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC 
holds securities that its direct participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among 
Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic 
computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of 
securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations 
and certain other organisations. Access to the DTC System is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, 
banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or 
indirectly (“Indirect Participants” and, with Direct Participants, “Participants”). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the “DTC Rules”), DTC 
makes book-entry transfers of securities among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect to notes accepted into 
DTC’s book-entry settlement system (“DTC Notes”) as described below and receives and transmits distributions of principal 
and interest on DTC Notes. The DTC Rules are on file with the SEC. Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC Notes 
(“DTC Beneficial Owners”) have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-entry transfers 
and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective DTC Beneficial Owners. Accordingly, although DTC 
Beneficial Owners who hold interests in DTC Notes through Participants will not possess the securities, the DTC Rules, by 
virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will 
be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a 
credit for the DTC Notes on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each DTC Beneficial Owner is in turn to be recorded on 
the relevant Direct Participant’s and Indirect Participant’s records. DTC Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation 
from DTC of their purchases, but DTC Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of 
each transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Participant through which the DTC Beneficial Owner 
holds its interest in the DTC Notes. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished by entries made 
on the books of Participants acting on behalf of DTC Beneficial Owners. DTC Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates 
representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC Notes 
is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in the name 
of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & 
Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual DTC Beneficial Owners; DTC’s records 
reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be 
the DTC Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their 
customers.

--- Page 292 ---
273 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect 
Participants, and by Participants to DTC Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any 
statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices will be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being redeemed, 
DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes. Under its usual procedures, DTC mails 
an omnibus proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The omnibus proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s consenting 
or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a 
listing attached to the omnibus proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to DTC or its nominee. DTC’s practice is to credit 
accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the 
records of DTC, subject to the receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer or the relevant Paying 
Agent. Payments by Participants to DTC Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, 
as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name,” and will be the 
responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be 
in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC or its nominee is the responsibility of the Issuer, 
disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the 
DTC Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange the DTC 
Notes for Definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Direct Participants in accordance with their requests and 
proportionate entitlements and that will be legended as described in “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any DTC 
Beneficial Owner desiring to pledge its interest in DTC Notes to Persons that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take 
actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to effect such pledge through DTC and its Participants or, if not 
possible to so effect it, to withdraw its securities from DTC as described below. 
The applicable laws in some jurisdictions might require that certain Persons take physical delivery of securities in 
definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to such 
Persons might depend upon the ability to exchange such interest for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only 
act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a Person 
having an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such interest to Persons that 
do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to 
exchange such interest for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of an interest in Notes represented by a Registered 
Global Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such interests might be impaired if the proposed transferee 
of such interests is not eligible to hold such interests through a Participant. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg as a professional depositary. Clearstream, 
Luxembourg holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between 
Clearstream, Luxembourg customers through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
customers, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. Transactions may be settled by Clearstream, 
Luxembourg in any of a number of currencies, including U.S. dollars and Turkish Lira. Clearstream, Luxembourg provides to 
its customers, among other things, services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded 
securities and securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream, Luxembourg also deals with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is registered as a bank in Luxembourg, and as such is subject to regulation by the 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier and the Banque Centrale du Luxembourg, which supervise and oversee the 
activities of Luxembourg banks. Clearstream, Luxembourg’s customers are recognised financial institutions around the world, 
including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a direct

--- Page 293 ---
274 
participant in Clearstream, Luxembourg. Clearstream, Luxembourg has established an electronic bridge with Euroclear to 
facilitate settlement of trades between Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. 
The ability of an owner of a beneficial interest in a Note held through Clearstream, Luxembourg to pledge such interest 
to Persons that do not participate in the Clearstream, Luxembourg system, or otherwise take action in respect of such interest, 
might be limited by the lack of a definitive note for such interest because Clearstream, Luxembourg can act only on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg’s customers, who in turn act on behalf of their own customers. The applicable laws of some 
jurisdictions might require that certain Persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability 
to transfer beneficial interests in the Notes to such Persons might be limited. In addition, beneficial owners of Notes held through 
the Clearstream, Luxembourg system will receive payments of principal, interest and any other amounts on the Notes only 
through Clearstream, Luxembourg participants. 
Euroclear 
Euroclear holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions by 
electronic book-entry transfer between its direct participants. Euroclear provides various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear 
also deals with domestic securities markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. 
Euroclear customers are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain 
a custodial relationship with participants in Euroclear. 
The ability of an owner of a beneficial interest in a Note held through Euroclear to pledge such interest to Persons that 
do not participate in the Euroclear system, or otherwise take action in respect of such interest, might be limited by the lack of a 
definitive note for such interest because Euroclear can act only on behalf of Euroclear’s customers, who in turn act on behalf 
of their own customers. The applicable laws of some jurisdictions might require that certain Persons take physical delivery of 
securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests in the Notes to such Persons might be 
limited. In addition, beneficial owners of Notes held through the Euroclear system will receive payments of principal, interest 
and any other amounts on the Notes only through Euroclear participants. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments on Global Notes 
The Issuer has applied to each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to have Global Note(s) accepted in its book-
entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Global Note, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, 
will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the interests represented by such Global Note 
to the accounts of Persons who have accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. Such accounts 
initially will be designated by (or on behalf of) the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). Interests in such a Global Note through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, will be limited to participants of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable. Interests in such a Global Note will be shown on, and the transfer of such interests will be effected 
only through, records maintained by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or its nominee (with respect to the interests of 
direct Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants) and the records of direct or indirect Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg participants (with respect to interests of indirect Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participants). 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted 
in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, DTC or its custodian will credit, on its 
internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented by such Registered 
Global Note to the accounts of Persons who have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by (or on 
behalf of) the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note will be 
limited to Direct Participants and Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Registered Global Note, the 
respective depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global 
Note accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained 
by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants and Indirect 
Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest on a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will be made to the 
order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Global Note. In the case of any payment in a currency other than 
U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in 
accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial owners

--- Page 294 ---
275 
of interests in the Registered Global Note in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such 
payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants’ account. 
Subject to the preceding paragraph, payments of principal and interest on a Global Note will be made to DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or their respective nominee, as the case may be, as the registered holder of such Global 
Note. The Issuer expects DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear to credit accounts of their respective direct 
accountholders on the applicable payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by direct DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear accountholders to indirect participants in such Clearing Systems will be governed by standing instructions and 
customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers of such Clearing System, and will be the 
responsibility of such direct participant and not the responsibility of such Clearing System, the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent, 
the Registrar or the Bank. Payments of principal and interest on the Notes to a Clearing System (or its nominee) are the 
responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant Clearing System. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described in “Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions,” cross-market transfers between Participants in DTC, on the one hand, and directly and indirectly through 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear participants, on the other, will be effected by the relevant Clearing System in accordance 
with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and any custodian (“Custodian”) with whom the 
relevant Registered Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Tranche, transfers of Notes of such Tranche between participants in Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Tranche between Participants in DTC will generally have a settlement 
date two business days after the trade date (T+2). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such 
transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between participants in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and Participants in DTC will 
need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is no direct link between DTC, on 
the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global 
Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, 
certification) from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated 
account for the transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participants and DTC’s Participants cannot be made on a delivery-versus-payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a 
free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
Each Clearing System has published rules and operating procedures designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial 
interests in global securities among participants of the Clearing Systems; however, they are under no obligation to perform or 
continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures might be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, 
the Agents or any Arranger or Dealer will be responsible for any performance by the Clearing Systems or their respective direct 
or indirect participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of 
them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the 
Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial interests.

--- Page 295 ---
276 
TAXATION 
This is a general summary of certain U.S. federal and Turkish tax laws and other tax considerations in connection with 
an investment in the Notes. This summary does not address all aspects of U.S. federal and Turkish tax law and considerations 
or the laws of other jurisdictions (including the UK or any state or local tax law, including any jurisdiction in which an investor 
in the Notes is subject to taxes). While this summary is considered to be a correct interpretation of existing laws in force on the 
date of this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that those laws or the interpretation of those laws will not change. This 
summary does not discuss all of the tax consequences that might be relevant to an investor in light of such investor’s particular 
circumstances or to investors subject to special rules, such as regulated investment companies, certain financial institutions or 
insurance companies. In addition, each investor should note that the tax laws of such investor’s jurisdiction might have an 
impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective investors in the Notes are advised to consult their tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences 
of the purchase, ownership or disposition of the Notes (or the purchase, ownership or disposition by an owner of 
beneficial interests therein) as well as any tax consequences that might arise under the laws of any state, municipality 
or other taxing jurisdiction (including of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile), including (but not limited 
to) the consequences of receipt of payments on the Notes and the disposal of investments in the Notes. 
Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences 
The following summary describes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of a Note by a U.S. Holder (as defined below) whose functional currency is the U.S. dollar that acquires the Note 
from the Dealers at a price equal to the issue price of the Notes (as defined under “-Original Issue Discount - General”) and 
holds it as a capital asset. This summary does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that might be applicable 
to particular U.S. Holders subject to special U.S. federal income tax rules, including, among others, tax-exempt organisations, 
financial institutions, accrual method taxpayers that file applicable financial statements (as described in Section 451(b) of the 
Code), dealers and traders in securities or currencies, U.S. Holders that will hold a Note as part of a “straddle,” hedging 
transaction, “conversion transaction” or other integrated transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. Holders that 
enter into “constructive sale” transactions with respect to the Notes, U.S. Holders liable for any alternative minimum tax and 
certain U.S. expatriates. In addition, this summary does not address consequences to U.S. Holders of the acquisition, ownership 
and disposition of a Note under any other U.S. federal tax laws (e.g., estate or gift tax laws) or the tax laws of any state, locality 
or other political subdivision of the United States or other countries or jurisdictions. 
This summary does not discuss Notes that by their terms may be retired for an amount less than their principal amount 
and Notes subject to special rules. The tax treatment of certain Notes may be specified in the relevant supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. Moreover, this summary does not discuss Bearer Notes. In general, U.S. federal income tax law imposes significant 
limitations on U.S. Holders of Bearer Notes. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the restrictions and 
penalties imposed under U.S. federal income tax law with respect to Bearer Notes and any other tax consequences with respect 
to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of any of these Notes. 
As used herein, the term “U.S. Holder” means an owner of a Note that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: (a) an 
individual who is a citizen or resident of the U.S., (b) an entity taxable as a corporation created or organised in or under the 
laws of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (c) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income 
taxation regardless of its source or (d) a trust whose administration is subject to the primary supervision of a United States court 
and that has one or more United States person(s) (as defined under the Code) who have the authority to control all substantial 
decisions of the trust or a valid election for such persons to be treated as United States person(s) (as defined under the Code) is 
in effect with respect to such trust. References herein to a U.S. Holder holding a Note shall also refer to the holding of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Note. 
If an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds a Note, then the U.S. 
federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. 
Therefore, a partnership holding a Note and its partners should consult their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of a Note. 
The discussion below is based upon the Code, U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, and judicial and 
administrative interpretations thereof, all as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus and any of which may at any time 
be repealed, revoked or modified or subject to differing interpretations, potentially retroactively, so as to result in U.S. federal 
income tax consequences different from those discussed below.

--- Page 296 ---
277 
The summary of the U.S. federal income tax consequences set out below is for general information only. Investors in 
the Notes should consult their tax advisors as to the particular tax consequences to them of owning investments in the Notes, 
including the applicability and effect of state, local, foreign and other tax laws and possible changes in tax law. 
Payments of Interest 
Payments of interest on the Notes, including Additional Amounts, if any, other than interest on a Discount Note that 
is not “qualified stated interest” (each as defined under “-Original Issue Discount - General”), generally will be taxable to a U.S. 
Holder as ordinary income at the time that such payments are received or accrued, in accordance with such U.S. Holder’s usual 
method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Interest paid on a Note and OID, if any, accrued with respect to the 
Notes (as described under “-Original Issue Discount”), generally will constitute foreign source income for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes and generally will be considered “passive” income, which is treated separately from other types of income in 
computing the foreign tax credit that may be allowable to U.S. Holders under U.S. federal income tax laws. Subject to applicable 
restrictions and limitations, a U.S. Holder may be entitled to claim a U.S. foreign tax credit in respect of any Turkish withholding 
taxes imposed upon interest received on the Notes. A U.S. Holder who does not elect to claim a credit for foreign tax may 
instead claim a deduction in respect of the Turkish withholding taxes provided the U.S. Holder elects to deduct rather than 
claim a credit for all foreign taxes for such taxable year. U.S. Holders that are eligible for benefits under the double tax treaty 
between the United States and Türkiye (the “Double Tax Treaty”) or are otherwise entitled to a refund for the taxes withheld 
under Turkish tax law generally will not be entitled to a foreign tax credit or deduction for the amount of any Turkish taxes 
withheld in excess of the maximum rate under the Double Tax Treaty or for those taxes that have been otherwise refunded to 
them under Turkish tax law. The rules relating to foreign tax credits or deducting foreign taxes are extremely complex and U.S. 
Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and advisability of claiming a foreign tax credit 
or a deduction with respect to any Turkish taxes withheld from payment. 
Stated interest paid in a currency other than U.S. dollars will be included in a U.S. Holder’s gross income in an amount 
equal to the U.S. dollar value of such other currency, including the amount of any withholding tax, regardless of whether such 
other currency is converted into U.S. dollars. Generally, a U.S. Holder that uses the cash method of tax accounting will 
determine such U.S. dollar value using the spot rate of exchange on the date of receipt. A cash method U.S. Holder generally 
will not realise foreign currency gain or loss on the receipt of the interest payment but may have foreign currency gain or loss 
attributable to the actual disposition of the other currency received. Generally, a U.S. Holder that uses the accrual method of 
tax accounting will determine the U.S. dollar value of accrued interest income using the average rate of exchange for the accrual 
period (or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, at the average rate for the partial period within each 
taxable year). Alternatively, an accrual basis U.S. Holder may make an election (which must be applied consistently to all debt 
instruments from year-to-year and cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS) to translate accrued interest income at the 
spot rate of exchange on the last day of the accrual period (or the last day of the portion of the accrual period within each taxable 
year in the case of a partial accrual period). A U.S. Holder that uses the accrual method of accounting for tax purposes will 
recognise foreign currency gain or loss on the receipt of an interest payment if the exchange rate in effect on the date payment 
is received differs from the rate used in translating the accrual of that interest. The amount of foreign currency gain or loss to 
be recognised by such U.S. Holder will be an amount equal to the difference between the U.S. dollar value of the interest 
payment in the other currency (determined on the basis of the spot rate on the date the interest income that has accrued during 
the accrual period (as determined above) regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted to U.S. dollars. This foreign 
currency gain or loss will be ordinary income or loss and generally will not be treated as an adjustment to interest income or 
expense, and generally will be U.S. source provided that the residence of the U.S. Holder is considered to be the United States 
for purposes of the rules governing foreign currency gain or loss. 
Original Issue Discount 
General. The following is a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership of Notes 
issued with original issue discount (“OID”). 
A Note will be treated as issued with OID (a “Discount Note”) if the excess of the Note’s “stated redemption price at 
maturity” over its issue price is at least a de minimis amount (0.25% of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity multiplied 
by the number of complete years to its maturity from its issue date). Generally, the “issue price” of a Note is the first price at 
which a substantial amount of such Notes included in the issue of which the Note is a part is sold to Persons other than bond 
houses, brokers or similar Persons acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents, or wholesalers. The “stated 
redemption price at maturity” of a Note is the total of all payments provided by the Note that are not payments of “qualified 
stated interest.” A “qualified stated interest” payment is generally any one of a series of stated interest payments on a security 
that are unconditionally payable at least annually at a single fixed rate (with certain exceptions for lower rates paid during some 
periods), or a variable rate, applied to the outstanding principal amount of such security. If a Note has de minimis OID, a U.S.

--- Page 297 ---
278 
Holder must include the de minimis amount in income as stated principal payments are made on the Note, unless the holder 
makes the election described below under “-Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount.” A U.S. Holder can 
determine the includible amount with respect to each such payment by multiplying the total amount of the Note’s de minimis 
OID by a fraction equal to the amount of the principal payment made divided by the stated principal amount of the Note. 
U.S. Holders of Discount Notes must generally include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield method before 
the receipt of cash attributable to the income, and will generally have to include in income increasingly greater amounts of OID 
over the life of the Discount Notes. The amount of OID includible in income by a U.S. Holder of a Discount Note is the sum 
of the daily portions of OID with respect to the Discount Note for each day during the taxable year or portion of the taxable 
year on which the U.S. Holder holds the Discount Note (“accrued OID”). The daily portion is determined by allocating to each 
day in any accrual period a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period. Accrual periods with respect to a Note 
may be of any length selected by the U.S. Holder and may vary in length over the term of the Discount Note as long as: (a) no 
accrual period is longer than one year and (b) each scheduled payment of interest or principal on the Note occurs on either the 
final or first day of an accrual period. The amount of OID allocable to an accrual period equals the excess of: (i) the product of 
the Discount Note’s adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period and the Discount Note’s yield to maturity 
(determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period and properly adjusted for the length of the accrual 
period) over (ii) the sum of the payments of qualified stated interest on the Discount Note allocable to the accrual period. The 
“adjusted issue price” of a Discount Note at the beginning of any accrual period is the issue price of the Note increased by: (x) 
the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual period and decreased by (y) the amount of any payments previously made on 
the Note that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Variable Rate Debt Instruments. Interest payments on a “variable rate debt instrument” (“VRDI”) may be considered 
qualified stated interest. For this purpose, a Note is a VRDI if it is an instrument that: (a) has an issue price that does not exceed 
the total noncontingent principal payments by more than an amount equal to the lesser of: (i) 0.015 multiplied by the product of 
such total noncontingent principal payments and the number of complete years to maturity of the Note (or, in the case of Notes 
providing for payment of principal in instalments, the weighted average maturity) and (ii) 15% of the total noncontingent 
principal payments, (b) provides for stated interest (compounded or paid at least annually) at the current value of: (i) one or 
more qualified floating rates (as defined below), (ii) a single fixed rate followed by one or more qualified floating rates, (iii) a 
single objective rate (as defined below) or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single objective rate (as defined below) that is a qualified 
inverse floating rate (as defined below) and (c) does not provide for any principal payments that are contingent. 
If a Note that provides for a variable interest rate does not qualify as a VRDI, then such Note would be a “contingent 
payment debt instrument” (“CPDI”) subject to rules set forth in the Treasury regulations that address the U.S. federal income 
tax treatment of such instruments. A description of any material U.S. federal income tax considerations relevant to U.S. Holders 
of such Notes will be set forth in the applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
A “qualified floating rate” is a floating rate under which variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to measure 
contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which the Note is denominated. A multiple 
of a qualified floating rate is not a qualified floating rate unless the relevant spread multiplier is: (a) fixed at a number that is 
greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35 or (b) fixed at a number that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35, increased or 
decreased by a fixed rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, stated interest on a Note that is subject to a maximum or minimum 
interest rate limitation (i.e., a cap or floor), a restriction on the amount of increase or decrease in such rate (i.e., a governor) or 
other similar restrictions generally will not be treated as a qualified floating rate. However, a restriction will not cause a variable 
rate to fail to be a qualified floating rate if it is a cap, floor or governor that is fixed throughout the term of the Note or is a cap, 
floor, governor or similar restriction that is not reasonably expected on the issue date to cause the yield on the Note to be 
significantly less than (in the case of a cap), significantly more than (in the case of a floor), or significantly different from (in 
the case of a governor), the expected yield determined without such cap, floor or governor, as the case may be. In addition, two 
or more qualified floating rates that can reasonably be expected to have approximately the same values throughout the term of 
the variable rate note (e.g., two or more qualified floating rates with values within 25 basis points (i.e., 0.25%) of each other as 
determined on the Note’s issue date) will be treated as a single qualified floating rate. An “objective rate” is a rate (other than 
a qualified floating rate) that is determined using a single fixed formula and that is based upon objective financial or economic 
information; provided, however, that an objective rate does not include a rate based on information that is within the control of 
the Bank (or a related party within the meaning of the applicable statutory provisions) or that is unique to the circumstances of 
the Bank (or a related party within the meaning of the applicable statutory provisions), other than the Bank’s credit quality, 
such as dividends, profits or the value of the Bank’s stock. A variable rate is not an objective rate; however, if it is reasonably 
expected that the average value of the rate during the first half of the Note’s term will be either significantly less than or 
significantly greater than the average value of the rate during the final half of the Note’s term. A “qualified inverse floating 
rate” is an objective rate: (i) that is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate and (ii) the variations in which can 
reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds. If a debt instrument

--- Page 298 ---
279 
provides for stated interest at a fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less followed by a variable rate that is either a 
qualified floating rate or an objective rate and if the variable rate on the debt instrument’s issue date is intended to approximate 
the fixed rate (e.g., the value of the variable rate on the issue date does not differ from the value of the fixed rate by more than 
25 basis points (i.e., 0.25%)), then the fixed rate and the variable rate together will constitute either a single qualified floating 
rate or objective rate, as the case may be. 
Under the OID rules, if a Note qualifies as a VRDI that provides for interest at a single qualified floating rate or a 
single objective rate and that rate is payable unconditionally at least annually, then all of the interest is treated as qualified stated 
interest. Therefore, such a Note will not have original issue discount unless its stated principal amount exceeds the price at 
which it is issued by an amount that is greater than or equal to the de minimis amount. If a Note qualifying as a VRDI provides 
for interest at more than a single qualified floating rate or a single objective rate, the rules for determining the amount and 
accrual of original issue discount and qualified stated interest on such a VRDI provide for the conversion of such debt instrument 
into an equivalent fixed rate debt instrument and the application of the general rules regarding original issue discount to such 
debt instrument. The OID rules generally require that such a Note be converted into an equivalent fixed rate debt instrument by 
substituting any qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate provided for under the terms of the VRDI for a fixed 
rate equal to the value of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, as the case may be, as of the Note’s issue 
date. Under such rules, the qualified stated interest allocable to an accrual period based upon such assumed fixed rate is 
increased or decreased, as the case may be, if the interest actually paid during such accrual period exceeds, or is less than, the 
interest assumed to be paid during the accrual period based upon such assumed fixed rate. If a Note qualifying as a VRDI 
provides for stated interest at a fixed rate in addition to either one or more qualified floating rates or a qualified inverse floating 
rate, then the fixed rate is initially converted into a qualified floating rate (or a qualified inverse floating rate, if the Note provides 
for a qualified inverse floating rate). Under such circumstances, the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate that 
replaces the fixed rate must be such that the fair market value of an investment in the Note as of the Note’s issue date is 
approximately the same as the fair market value of an otherwise identical debt instrument that provides for either the qualified 
floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate rather than the fixed rate. After converting the fixed rate into either a qualified 
floating rate or a qualified inverse floating rate, the Note is then converted into an equivalent fixed rate debt instrument and 
subject to the general rules regarding original issue discount, as described above. 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount. A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all 
interest that accrues on a Note using the constant-yield method described above under “- Original Issue Discount - General” 
with certain modifications. For purposes of this election, interest includes stated interest, OID, and de minimis OID. If a U.S. 
Holder makes this election for the Note, then, when the constant-yield method is applied, the issue price of the Note will equal 
its cost, the issue date of the Note will be the date of acquisition, and no payments on the Note will be treated as payments of 
qualified stated interest. This election will generally apply only to the Note with respect to which it is made and may not be 
revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
Sale, Exchange and Redemption of Notes 
Upon the sale, exchange, redemption, retirement at maturity or other taxable disposition of a Note, a U.S. Holder 
generally will recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised (i.e., the amount of cash and 
the fair market value of any property received on the disposition (except to the extent the cash or property received is attributable 
to accrued and unpaid interest not previously included in income, which is treated like a payment of interest)) and the U.S. 
Holder’s tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Note generally will equal the amount paid for the Note, increased 
by the amount of any OID included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note and the amount, if any, of income 
attributable to de minimis OID included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note. If a U.S. Holder purchases a Note 
with a currency other than U.S. dollars, then the U.S. dollar cost of such investment generally will be the U.S. dollar value of 
the purchase price on the date of purchase calculated at the spot rate of exchange on that date. The amount realised upon the 
disposition of a Note generally will be the U.S. dollar value of the amount received on the date of the disposition calculated at 
the spot rate of exchange on that date; however, if the Note is traded on an established securities market, a cash basis U.S. 
Holder (and, if it so elects, an accrual basis U.S. Holder) should determine the U.S. dollar value of the cost of or amount received 
on the Note, as applicable, by translating the amount paid or received at the spot rate of exchange on the settlement date of the 
purchase or disposition, as applicable. The election available to accrual basis U.S. Holders in respect of the purchase and 
disposition of Notes traded on an established securities market must be applied consistently to all debt instruments from year-
to-year and cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS. Subject to the foreign currency rules discussed below, any gain 
or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange or other disposition of a Note will be capital gain or loss and will be 
long-term capital gain or loss if the Note was held by the U.S. Holder for more than one year. Gain or loss realised by a U.S. 
Holder on the sale or retirement of a Note generally will be U.S. source. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to 
significant limitations. U.S. Holders should consult their advisors about the availability of U.S. foreign tax credits or deductions 
with respect to any Turkish taxes imposed upon a disposition of Notes.

--- Page 299 ---
280 
Any gain or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition of a Note will 
generally be treated as ordinary income or loss to the extent that the gain or loss is attributable to changes in foreign currency 
exchange rates during the period in which the U.S. Holder held such Note. Such foreign currency gain or loss will equal the 
difference between: (a) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price (in the other applicable currency) for the Note 
calculated at the spot rate of exchange on the date of the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition and (b) the U.S. dollar 
value of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price (in the other applicable currency) for the Note calculated at the spot rate of exchange 
on the date of purchase of the Note. If the Note is traded on an established securities market, with respect to a cash basis U.S. 
Holder (and, if it so elects, an accrual basis U.S. Holder), such foreign currency gain or loss will equal the difference between: 
(i) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price (in the other applicable currency) for the Note calculated at the spot 
rate of exchange on the settlement date of the disposition and (ii) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price (in 
the other applicable currency) for the Note calculated at the spot rate of exchange on the settlement date of the purchase of the 
Note. The realisation of any foreign currency gain or loss, including foreign currency gain or loss with respect to amounts 
attributable to accrued and unpaid stated interest, will be limited to the amount of overall gain or loss realised on the disposition 
of the Notes. 
Exchange of Amounts in other than U.S. dollars 
If a U.S. Holder of a Note receives a currency other than U.S. dollars as interest on a Note or on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other disposition of a Note, then such U.S. Holder’s tax basis in such other currency will equal its U.S. dollar 
value when the interest is received or at the time of the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition. If a U.S. Holder of a 
Note purchased such Note with previously owned non-U.S. currency, then gain or loss will be recognised in an amount equal 
to the difference, if any, between the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in such currency and the spot rate on the date of purchase. Any 
such gain or loss generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss and will be treated as from sources within the United 
States provided that the residence of the U.S. Holder is considered to be the United States for purposes of the rule governing 
foreign currency transactions. 
Floating Rate Amendments 
As described in Condition 6.7, the interest rate payable on a Floating Rate Note might be subject to change after a 
Benchmark Event (such change, a “Base Rate Modification”). It is possible that a Base Rate Modification will be treated as a 
deemed exchange of such Notes for new securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which might be a taxable event for 
U.S. holders and might also affect the calculation of OID. U.S. Holders of Floating Rate Notes should consult with their tax 
advisors regarding the potential consequences of a Base Rate Modification. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Information returns may be filed with the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) of the United States of America (unless 
the U.S. Holder establishes, if requested to do so, that it is an exempt recipient) in connection with payments on the Notes and 
the proceeds from the sale, exchange or other disposition of Notes. If information reports are required to be made, then a U.S. 
Holder may be subject to U.S. backup withholding if it fails to provide its taxpayer identification number or to establish that it 
is exempt from backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. The amount of any backup withholding 
imposed upon a payment will be allowed as a credit against any U.S. federal income tax liability of a U.S. Holder and may 
entitle the U.S. Holder to a refund, provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding any filing and reporting obligations they might have as 
a result of their acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes. 
Reportable Transaction Reporting 
Under certain U.S. Treasury regulations, U.S. Holders that participate in “reportable transactions” (as defined in the 
regulations) must attach to their U.S. federal income tax returns a disclosure statement on IRS Form 8886. Under the relevant 
rules, a U.S. Holder may be required to treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Notes as a reportable transaction if this 
loss exceeds the relevant threshold in the regulations. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors as to the possible 
obligation to file IRS Form 8886 with respect to the ownership or disposition of the Notes, or any related transaction, including 
(without limitation) any non-U.S. currency received as interest or as proceeds from the sale, exchange, retirement or other 
disposition of the Notes.

--- Page 300 ---
281 
Medicare Tax 
Certain U.S. Holders who are individuals, estates or non-exempt trusts must pay an additional 3.8% tax on, among 
other things, interest on and capital gains from the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of Notes. U.S. Holders should 
consult their tax advisors regarding the effect, if any, of this tax on their investment in the Notes. 
Certain Turkish Tax Considerations 
The following discussion is a summary of certain Turkish tax considerations relating to an investment in the Notes by 
a Person who is a non-resident of Türkiye. References to “resident” in this section refer to tax residents of Türkiye and references 
to “non-resident” in this section refer to Persons who are not tax resident in Türkiye. 
The discussion is based upon current law and is for general information only. The discussion below is not intended to 
constitute a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Notes that may 
be relevant to a decision to make an investment in the Notes. Furthermore, the discussion only relates to the investment by a 
Person in the Notes where the Notes will not be held in connection with the conduct of a trade or business through a permanent 
establishment in Türkiye. Each investor should consult its own tax advisors concerning the tax considerations applicable to its 
particular situation. This discussion is based upon laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, all of which are subject to change, possibly with a retroactive effect. In addition, it does not describe any tax 
consequences: (a) arising under the laws of any taxing jurisdiction other than Türkiye or (b) applicable to a resident of Türkiye 
or a permanent establishment in Türkiye resulting either from the existence of a fixed place of business or appointment of a 
permanent representative. 
For Turkish tax purposes, a legal entity is a resident of Türkiye if its corporate domicile is in Türkiye or its effective 
place of management is in Türkiye. A resident legal entity is subject to Turkish taxes on its worldwide income, whereas a non-
resident legal entity is only liable for Turkish taxes on its trading income made through a permanent establishment or on income 
otherwise sourced in Türkiye. 
An individual is a resident of Türkiye if such individual has established domicile in Türkiye or stays in Türkiye more 
than six months in a calendar year. On the other hand, foreign individuals who stay in Türkiye for six months or more for a 
specific job or business or particular purposes that are specified in the Turkish Income Tax Law might not be treated as a 
resident of Türkiye depending upon the characteristics of their stay. A resident individual is liable for Turkish taxes on his or 
her worldwide income, whereas a non-resident individual is only liable for Turkish taxes on income sourced in Türkiye. 
Income from capital investment is sourced in Türkiye when the principal is invested in Türkiye. Capital gain derived 
from trading income is considered sourced in Türkiye when the activity or transaction generating such income is performed or 
accounted for in Türkiye. The term “accounted for” means that a payment is made in Türkiye, or if the payment is made abroad, 
it is recorded in the books in Türkiye or apportioned from the profits of the payer or the Person on whose behalf the payment 
is made in Türkiye. 
Any withholding tax levied on income derived by a non-resident is the final tax for such non-resident and no further 
declaration is required. Any other income of a non-resident sourced in Türkiye that has not been subject to withholding tax will 
be subject to taxation through declaration where treaty relief and exemptions are reserved. 
Interest paid on debt instruments (such as the Notes) issued abroad by a resident corporation is subject to withholding 
tax as regulated through the Tax Decrees. The withholding tax rates are set according to the original maturity of notes issued 
abroad by resident corporations as follows: 
(a) 7% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of less than one year, 
(b) 3% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of at least one year and less than three 
years, and 
(c) 0% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of three years or more. 
Interest income derived by a resident corporation or resident individual is subject to further declaration and the 
withholding tax paid can be credited against the income tax calculated on the tax return. For resident individuals, the entire 
amount is required to be declared as taxable income if the interest income derived exceeds TL 150,000 (for the income derived

--- Page 301 ---
282 
in 2023) together with the income from other marketable securities, rental income from immovable property and salaries (except 
for salaries referred to under Article 86/1 of the Turkish Income Tax Law); provided that they were all subjected to income 
taxation through withholding. For resident corporations, interest income at any amount is subject to declaration. 
In general, capital gains are not taxed through withholding tax and therefore any capital gain sourced in Türkiye with 
respect to the Notes may be subject to declaration; however, pursuant to Provisional Article 67 (which is effective until 
31 December 2025) of the Turkish Income Tax Law, as amended by laws numbered 6111, 6555 and 7256, special or separate 
tax returns will not be submitted for capital gains from the notes of a resident corporation issued abroad when the income is 
derived by a non-resident. Therefore, no tax is levied on non-residents in respect of capital gains from the Notes and no 
declaration is required. 
A non-resident holder will not be liable for Turkish estate, inheritance or similar tax with respect to its investment in 
the Notes, nor will it be liable for any Turkish stamp issue, registration or similar tax or duty relating thereto. 
Capital gains realised by a resident corporation or individual on the sale or redemption of the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) are subject to income tax or corporate (income) tax declaration. The corporate income tax rate in Türkiye for 
2023 is: (a) 25% for banks, financial leasing, factoring and financing companies, e-money and payment services institutions, 
authorised foreign exchange currency-related entities, asset management companies (varlık yönetim şirketleri), securities 
intermediaries and other capital markets institutions, insurance and reinsurance companies and pension companies and (b) 20% 
for other corporate entities (the rate for individuals’ income tax ranges from 15% to 40% at progressive rates). Capital gains 
are, in principle, calculated in local currency terms and resident individuals’ acquisition costs can be increased at the Producer 
Price Index’s rate of increase for each month except for the month of discharge, so long as such index increased by at least 
10%. 
Due to the February 2023 earthquakes in Kahramanmaraş, a one-time additional tax was (pursuant to amendments 
made by Law No. 7440 on the “Restructuring of Certain Receivables and Amending Some Laws” published in the Official 
Gazette on 12 March 2023) announced to be charged for fiscal years ending in 2022 to corporate taxpayers (other than the ones 
located in the provinces and districts affected by such earthquakes) that benefit from certain exemptions and deductions in the 
calculation of their corporate income tax. This additional tax amount varies from 5% to 10% depending upon the condition of 
the relevant taxpayer. 
Reduced Withholding Tax Rates 
Under current laws in Türkiye, interest payments on notes issued abroad by a resident corporation will be subject to a 
withholding tax at a rate between 7% and 0% (inclusive) in Türkiye, as detailed above. 
If a double taxation treaty is in effect between Türkiye and the country of which the holder of the notes is an income 
tax resident (in some cases, for example, pursuant to the treaties with the UK and the United States, the term “beneficial owner” 
is used) that provides for the application of a lower withholding tax rate than the local rate to be applied by the issuer corporation, 
then the lower rate may be applicable. For the application of withholding at a reduced rate that benefits from the provisions of 
a double tax treaty concluded between Türkiye and the country in which the investor is an income tax resident, an original copy 
of the certificate of residence signed by the competent authority is required, with a translated copy certified by a notary or the 
Turkish embassy in the relevant country, to verify that the investor is subject to taxation over its worldwide gains in the relevant 
country on the basis of resident taxpayer status, as a resident of such country to the related tax office directly or through the 
banks and intermediary institutions prior to the application of withholding. In the event the certificate of residence is not 
delivered prior to the application of withholding tax, then upon the subsequent delivery of the certificate of residence, a refund 
of the excess tax shall be granted pursuant to the provisions of the relevant double taxation treaty and the Turkish tax legislation. 
Value Added Tax 
Bond issuances and interest payments on bonds are exempt from Türkiye’s value added tax pursuant to Article 17/4(g) 
of the Value Added Tax Law (Law No. 3065), as amended pursuant to the Turkish Tax Bill Regarding Improvement of the 
Investment Environment (Law No. 6728) published in the Official Gazette dated 9 August 2016 and numbered 29796. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” (as defined in FATCA) (a “ Foreign Financial Institution”) may 
be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“Foreign Passthru Payments”) to payees who fail to meet certain

--- Page 302 ---
283 
certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is a Foreign Financial Institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Türkiye) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus, a Foreign Financial Institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or such IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be 
subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining Foreign Passthru Payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or 
that are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to 
the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining Foreign Passthru Payments are published in the 
U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after 
such date; however, if additional Notes (see Condition 17) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued 
after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents might 
treat all Notes, including Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under 
FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules might apply to their investment in the Notes. 
If any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, then, in accordance 
with Condition 9.1, in no event will the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other Person be required to pay any Additional Amounts 
or other amounts in respect of the Notes (including on Coupons) for, or on account of, any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a Directive 
for a common financial transaction tax (“FTT”) that might apply in certain Member States of the EU (the “Participating Member 
States”); however, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and 
might, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to Persons both within and outside 
of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a 
financial institution and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial institution might be, or be 
deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including: (a) by transacting 
with a Person established in a Participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument that is subject to the dealings is 
issued in a Participating Member State; however, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation among the Participating 
Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus. Participating Member States might decide to withdraw and additional Member States of the EU might 
decide to participate. Separately, certain members of the EU (including France, Italy and Spain) have introduced their own 
financial transaction taxes. Prospective investors in the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT, other potentially applicable financial transaction taxes and their potential impact on the Notes.

--- Page 303 ---
284 
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER U.S. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
Subject to the following discussion, the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be acquired with assets of an 
“employee benefit plan” (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA), that is subject to Title I of ERISA, a “plan” as defined in and 
subject to Section 4975 of the Code and any entity deemed to hold “plan assets” of any of the foregoing (each a “Benefit Plan 
Investor”), as well as by governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in 
Section 3(33) of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA) (collectively, with Benefit Plan 
Investors, referred to as “Plans”). Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit a Benefit Plan Investor from 
engaging in certain transactions with Persons who are “parties in interest” under ERISA or “disqualified persons” under the 
Code with respect to such Benefit Plan Investor. A violation of these “prohibited transaction” rules might result in an excise 
tax or other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code for such Persons or the fiduciaries of such Benefit Plan Investor. 
In addition, Title I of ERISA requires fiduciaries of a Benefit Plan Investor subject to ERISA to make investments that are 
prudent, diversified and in accordance with the governing plan documents. Governmental plans, certain church plans and non-
U.S. plans are not subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA and the prohibited transaction provisions of 
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; however, such Plans might be subject to any applicable state, local, other 
federal or non-U.S. law that is substantially similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (“Similar Law”). 
An investment in the Notes by (or on behalf of) a Benefit Plan Investor could give rise to a prohibited transaction if 
the Bank, an Arranger, a Dealer, an Agent, the Listing Agent or any of their respective affiliates is or becomes a party in interest 
or a “disqualified person” with respect to such Benefit Plan Investor. Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction rules 
could be applicable to the acquisition or holding of an investment in the Notes by a Benefit Plan Investor depending upon the 
type and circumstances of the plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire such investment and the relationship of the party 
in interest or “disqualified person” to the Benefit Plan Investor. Included among these exemptions are: Section 408(b)(17) of 
ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code for certain transactions between a Benefit Plan Investor and Persons who are 
parties in interest or “disqualified persons” solely by reason of providing services to the Benefit Plan Investor or being affiliated 
with such service providers; Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 96-23, regarding transactions effected by “in-
house asset managers;” PTCE 95-60, regarding investments by insurance company general accounts; PTCE 91-38, regarding 
investments by bank collective investment funds; PTCE 90-1, regarding investments by insurance company pooled separate 
accounts; and PTCE 84-14, regarding transactions effected by “qualified professional asset managers.” Even if the conditions 
specified in one or more of these exemptions are met, the scope of the relief provided by these exemptions might or might not 
cover all acts that might be construed as prohibited transactions. There can be no assurance that any of these, or any other 
exemption, will be available with respect to any particular transaction involving the Notes, and prospective investors that are 
Benefit Plan Investors should consult with their legal advisors regarding the applicability of any such exemption. 
By acquiring a Note (or a beneficial interest therein), each purchaser and transferee (and if such purchaser or transferee 
is a Plan, then its fiduciary) is deemed to represent and warrant to, and agree with, the Issuer that either: (a) it is not, and for so 
long as it holds the Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not be, acquiring or holding a Note (or a beneficial interest therein) 
with the assets of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Plan that is subject to Similar Law, or (b) the acquisition, holding and disposition 
of the Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of Similar Law. 
Each purchaser and transferee of the Notes (or any interest therein) that is a Benefit Plan Investor (and, if applicable, 
its fiduciary) will be further deemed to represent and warrant to, and agree with, the Issuer that: (a) none of the Issuer, the 
Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates has provided such Benefit Plan Investor (and, if 
applicable, such fiduciary or other person investing the assets of such Benefit Plan Investor, “Fiduciary”) any recommendation 
or advice with respect to such investment nor has such Benefit Plan Investor or Fiduciary relied thereon as a primary basis in 
connection with its decision to invest in the Notes, (b) none of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents or any of their 
respective affiliates have acted or are otherwise undertaking to act as a fiduciary (as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or 
Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code) to such Benefit Plan Investor or Fiduciary in connection with such investment and (c) such 
Benefit Plan investor or Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating such investment in the Notes. 
Prospective investors in the Notes are advised to consult their advisors with respect to the matters discussed above and 
other applicable legal requirements.

--- Page 304 ---
285 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 27 May 2022 (such agreement as further 
amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”), agreed (or, when acceding thereto, 
will agree) with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein). Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes.” In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment, this update and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith, including 
liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribute to payments that the Dealers may be required to make because of those 
liabilities. The Programme Agreement provides that the obligation of any Dealer to purchase Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) under any agreement for the issue and purchase of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) is subject to certain 
conditions. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) sold to one or 
more Dealer(s) as principal will be purchased by such Dealer(s) at a price as may be set forth in the relevant Final Terms less a 
percentage of the principal amount equal to a commission as agreed upon by the Issuer and such Dealer(s). After the initial 
offering of a Tranche of Notes, the offering price may be changed. 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc is restricted in its U.S. securities dealings under the United States Bank Holding Company 
Act and may not underwrite, subscribe, agree to purchase or procure purchasers to purchase securities that are offered or sold 
in the United States. Accordingly, ICBC Standard Bank Plc shall not be obligated to, and shall not, underwrite, subscribe, agree 
to purchase or procure purchasers to purchase Notes (or beneficial interests therein) that may be offered or sold by other 
underwriters in the United States. ICBC Standard Bank Plc shall offer and sell the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) 
constituting part of its allotment solely outside the United States. 
Any offers and sales of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) in the United States may only be made by those 
Dealers or their affiliates that are registered broker-dealers under the Exchange Act or in accordance with Rule 15a-6 thereunder. 
One or more Dealer(s) participating in the offering of any Tranche of Notes might engage in transactions that stabilise, 
maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the relevant Notes (or beneficial interests therein) during and after the offering 
of the Tranche. Specifically, such Person(s) might overallot or create a short position in the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) 
for their own account by selling more Notes (or beneficial interests therein) than have been sold to them by the Issuer. Such 
Person(s) might also elect to cover any such short position by purchasing Notes (or beneficial interests therein) in the open 
market. In addition, such Person(s) might stabilise or maintain the market price of an investment in the Notes by bidding for or 
purchasing Notes (or beneficial interests therein) in the open market and might impose penalty bids, under which selling 
concessions allowed to syndicate members or other broker-dealers participating in the offering of the Notes are reclaimed if 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein) previously distributed in the offering are repurchased in connection with stabilisation 
transactions or otherwise. The effect of these transactions might be to stabilise or maintain the market price of an investment in 
the Notes at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. The imposition of a penalty bid might also 
affect the market price of an investment in the Notes to the extent that it discourages resales thereof. No representation is made 
as to the magnitude or effect of any such stabilising or other transactions. Such transactions, if commenced, may be discontinued 
at any time. Under English law, stabilisation activities may only be carried on by the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or Persons acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) and only for a limited period following the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. 
Investors in the Notes who wish to trade interests in Notes on their trade date or otherwise before the applicable Issue 
Date should consult their own advisor. 
All or certain of the Dealers, the Arrangers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged 
in various activities, which might include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment 
management, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. The Dealers, the Arrangers and/or certain of 
their respective affiliates might have performed investment banking and advisory services for the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s 
affiliates from time to time for which they might have received fees, expenses, reimbursements and/or other compensation. The 
Dealers, the Arrangers and/or certain of their respective affiliates might, from time to time, engage in transactions with and 
perform advisory and other services for the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s affiliates in the ordinary course of their business. Certain 
of the Dealers, the Arrangers and/or their respective affiliates have acted and expect in the future to act as a lender to the Issuer 
and/or other members of the Group and/or otherwise participate in transactions with the Group. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers, the Arrangers and their respective affiliates 
might make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities)

--- Page 305 ---
286 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities might involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and/or its affiliates. In addition, certain of the 
Dealers, the Arrangers and/or their respective affiliates that have a credit relationship with the Issuer and/or any other member 
of the Group might from time to time hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and/or other members of the Group pursuant to 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, the Dealers, the Arrangers and their respective affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions that consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such short positions might adversely affect the trading price of an 
investment in the Notes. 
The Dealers, the Arrangers and their respective affiliates might also make investment recommendations and/or publish 
or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and might hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and/or instruments.

--- Page 306 ---
287 
TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
As a result of the following restrictions, investors in the Notes are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making 
any purchase, offer, sale, resale, pledge or other transfer of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
Each purchaser and transferee (and if such purchaser or transferee is a Plan, then its fiduciary) of Registered Notes (or 
a beneficial interest therein) (other than a Person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note with a view to holding it 
in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or a Person wishing to transfer an interest from one Registered Global Note 
to another or from global to definitive form (or vice versa) will be required to acknowledge, represent and warrant to and agree 
with the Issuer, and each Person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note with a view to holding it in the form of an 
interest in the same Global Note will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and warranted to and agreed with the Issuer, 
as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) that it is not an “affiliate” (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act) of the Bank and is not acting 
on the Bank’s behalf and it is either: (i) a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) for 
its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance 
upon Rule 144A, (ii) an Institutional Accredited Investor that has delivered a duly executed IAI Investment Letter or 
(iii) not a U.S. person and is purchasing or acquiring the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) in a transaction pursuant 
to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, 
(b) that the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a 
public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act and that such Notes (or a beneficial 
interest therein) have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. federal 
or state securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons except as set forth below, 
(c) that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Registered Global Note and is not a U.S. person, if in the 
future it decides to offer, resell, assign, transfer, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose of the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein), it will do so, prior to the date that is one year (or such shorter period of time as permitted by Rule 144 
under the Securities Act or any successor provision thereunder) after the later of the last Issue Date for such Notes and 
the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner of such Notes or beneficial interests, only: 
(i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) to a Person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its 
own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (iii) in an offshore 
transaction in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act, (iv) pursuant to the exemption from 
registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) or (v) pursuant to an effective registration 
statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the United States 
and all other jurisdictions; such investor acknowledges that the Bank reserves the right prior to any offer, sale or other 
transfer of a Rule 144A Global Note (or a beneficial interest therein) pursuant to clause (iv) or (v) to require the 
delivery of an opinion of counsel, certifications and/or other information satisfactory to the Bank, 
(d) that it will give to each Person to whom it transfers a Note (or a beneficial interest therein) notice of any 
restrictions on the transfer of such Note (or a beneficial interest therein) in this section, 
(e) that Notes (or beneficial interests therein) initially offered to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A will be 
represented by one or more Rule 144A Global Note(s), that Notes (or beneficial interests therein) offered to 
Institutional Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act will be in the form of IAI 
Definitive Notes or one or more IAI Global Note(s) and that Notes (or beneficial interests therein) offered in offshore 
transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S will be represented by one or more Regulation S 
Note(s), 
(f) that each Note issued pursuant to Rule 144A will bear a legend substantially in the following form (with, 
if in definitive form, appropriate revisions) unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, THIS NOTE (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF

--- Page 307 ---
288 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS 
(AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE 
FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), EACH HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN): (a) 
REPRESENTS (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT) THAT IT IS A “QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) 
PURCHASING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER(S), (b) AGREES (OR 
SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE) ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR 
ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) THAT IT 
WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, ASSIGN, TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBER OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE 
OF SUCH SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND, 
PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS ONE YEAR (OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED 
BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THEREUNDER) 
AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES OF WHICH THIS NOTE IS A 
PART AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN 
RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH 
SECURITIES OTHER THAN: (i) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (ii) PURSUANT 
TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (iii) FOR SO 
LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
RULE 144A, (iv) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION COMPLYING WITH RULE 903 OR 904 UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT OR (v) PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND ALL OTHER 
JURISDICTIONS; PROVIDED THAT THE ISSUER SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH 
OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (iv) OR (v) ABOVE TO REQUIRE THE 
DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATIONS AND/OR OTHER INFORMATION 
SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER, AND (c) AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE) THAT 
IT WILL GIVE TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE IS OFFERED, SOLD, 
ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF A 
NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE 
BY THE ISSUER AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR 
RESALES OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN). 
[FOR GLOBAL NOTES CLEARING THROUGH DTC: UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS 
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, 
A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF 
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE ISSUED IN EXCHANGE 
FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF 
CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER 
ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, 
PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER 
THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE REGISTERED 
OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE 
THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE, 
AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND.] 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE 
IS A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL 
BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO, AND AGREE WITH, THE ISSUER THAT

--- Page 308 ---
289 
EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED (“ERISA”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OF 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE 
“PLAN ASSETS” OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-
U.S. PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR NON-U.S. LAW 
THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE 
(OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-
EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH 
SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS OF A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON).”, 
(g) that each IAI Note will bear a legend in the following form (with, if an IAI Definitive Note, appropriate 
revisions) unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, THIS NOTE (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS 
(AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE 
FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), EACH HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN): (a) 
REPRESENTS (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT) THAT IT IS AN “ACCREDITED 
INVESTOR” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3), OR (7) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) 
THAT IS AN INSTITUTION, (b) AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE) ON ITS OWN 
BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HOLDS THIS NOTE 
(OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, ASSIGN, TRANSFER, 
PLEDGE, ENCUMBER OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF SUCH SECURITIES EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT, THE TERMS OF THE IAI INVESTMENT 
LETTER IT EXECUTED IN CONNECTION WITH ITS PURCHASE OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL 
INTERESTS HEREIN) AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS ONE YEAR (OR SUCH SHORTER 
PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY 
SUCCESSOR PROVISION THEREUNDER) AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR 
THE SERIES OF WHICH THIS NOTE IS A PART AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER 
OR AN AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF THE ISSUER 
WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN: (i) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE

--- Page 309 ---
290 
THEREOF, (ii) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, (iii) FOR SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO 
RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY 
BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING 
THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (iv) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION COMPLYING WITH 
RULE 903 OR 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (v) PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER AVAILABLE 
EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN 
EACH CASE, IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND ALL 
OTHER JURISDICTIONS; PROVIDED THAT THE ISSUER SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT PRIOR TO 
ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (iv) OR (v) ABOVE TO 
REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATIONS AND/OR OTHER 
INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER, AND (c) AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO 
AGREE) THAT IT WILL GIVE TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE IS 
OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE 
DISPOSED OF A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. NO 
REPRESENTATION IS MADE BY THE ISSUER AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN). 
[FOR GLOBAL NOTES CLEARING THROUGH DTC: UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS 
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, 
A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF 
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE ISSUED IN EXCHANGE 
FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF 
CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER 
ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, 
PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER 
THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE REGISTERED 
OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE 
THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE, 
AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND.] 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE 
IS A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL 
BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO, AND AGREE WITH, THE ISSUER THAT 
EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED (“ERISA”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OF 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE 
“PLAN ASSETS” OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-
U.S. PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR NON-U.S. LAW 
THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE 
(OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-
EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED

--- Page 310 ---
291 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH 
SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS OF A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON).”, 
(h) if it holds a Definitive Regulation S Registered Note or a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Registered 
Global Note, then if it should offer, resell, assign, transfer, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose such Note (or 
beneficial interest) prior to the expiration of a 40 day period after the later of the commencement of the offering to 
Persons other than distributors and the applicable Issue Date (the “Distribution Compliance Period”), it will do so 
only: (i)(A) in an offshore transaction in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (B) to a QIB in 
compliance with Rule 144A, and (ii) in accordance with all applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws; and it 
acknowledges that such Notes (with appropriate revisions) will bear a legend in the following form unless otherwise 
agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, THIS NOTE (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF: 
(a) WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS 
(AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) UNLESS THE TRANSACTION 
IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND (b) EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES 
LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND ALL OTHER JURISDICTIONS. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE 
(OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF (OR OF A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE) ON ITS OWN 
BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS HOLDING THIS 
NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) THAT NO OFFER, SALE, ASSIGNMENT, 
TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBRANCE OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL BE MADE TO A U.S. PERSON PRIOR TO THE 
EXPIRATION OF A 40 DAY PERIOD AFTER THE LATER OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE 
OFFERING TO PERSONS OTHER THAN DISTRIBUTORS AND THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART. 
[FOR GLOBAL NOTES CLEARING THROUGH DTC: UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS 
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, 
A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF 
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE ISSUED IN EXCHANGE 
FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF 
CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER 
ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, 
PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER 
THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE REGISTERED 
OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE 
THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE,

--- Page 311 ---
292 
AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND.] 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE 
IS A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL 
BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO, AND AGREE WITH, THE ISSUER THAT 
EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED (“ERISA”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OF 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE 
“PLAN ASSETS” OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-
U.S. PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR NON-U.S. LAW 
THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE 
(OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-
EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH 
SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS OF A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON).”, 
(i) if it holds a Definitive Bearer Note or a beneficial interest in a Bearer Global Note, then if it should offer, 
resell, assign, transfer, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose such Note (or beneficial interest) prior to the expiration 
of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, it will do so only: (i)(A) in an offshore transaction in compliance 
with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (B) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A, and (ii) in accordance 
with all applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws; and it acknowledges that such Notes (with appropriate 
revisions) will bear a legend in the following form unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, THIS NOTE (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF: 
(a) WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS 
(AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) UNLESS THE TRANSACTION 
IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND (b) EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES 
LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND ALL OTHER JURISDICTIONS. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE 
(OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF (OR OF A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE) ON ITS OWN

--- Page 312 ---
293 
BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS HOLDING THIS 
NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) THAT NO OFFER, SALE, ASSIGNMENT, 
TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBRANCE OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL BE MADE TO A U.S. PERSON PRIOR TO THE 
EXPIRATION OF A 40 DAY PERIOD AFTER THE LATER OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE 
OFFERING TO PERSONS OTHER THAN DISTRIBUTORS AND THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART. 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE 
IS A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL 
BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO, AND AGREE WITH, THE ISSUER THAT 
EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED (“ERISA”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OF 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE 
“PLAN ASSETS” OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-
U.S. PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR NON-U.S. LAW 
THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE 
(OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-
EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH 
SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS OF A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON).”, 
(j) that the Issuer, the Dealers and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees (or will be deemed to agree) that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it will promptly notify the Issuer 
and the applicable Dealer(s); and if it is acquiring any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) as a fiduciary or agent for 
one or more accounts it represents, that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it 
has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such 
account, 
(k) that: (i) either: (A) it is not, and for so long as it holds a Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not be, 
acquiring or holding such Note (or beneficial interest) with the assets of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Plan that is subject 
to Similar Law or (B) the acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not 
constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code 
or a violation of Similar Law and (ii) if the applicable investor is a Benefit Plan Investor, it will be further deemed to 
represent and warrant to, and agree with, the Issuer that: (A) none of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents 
or any of their respective affiliates has provided such Benefit Plan Investor or Fiduciary any recommendation or advice

--- Page 313 ---
294 
with respect to such investment nor has such Benefit Plan Investor or Fiduciary relied thereon as a primary basis in 
connection with its decision to invest in the Notes, (B) none of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents or 
any of their respective affiliates have acted or are otherwise undertaking to act as a fiduciary (as defined in 
Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code) to such Benefit Plan Investor or Fiduciary in connection 
with such investment and (C) such Benefit Plan investor or Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in 
evaluating such investment in the Notes, 
(l) if such investor purchases a Registered Note (or any beneficial interest therein), then it will also be deemed 
to acknowledge that the Registrar will not be required to accept for registration of transfer any Notes acquired by it 
except upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to the Bank and the Registrar that the restrictions set forth herein 
have been complied with, and 
(m) acknowledges that none of the Bank, the Arrangers or the Dealers, or any Person representing the Bank, 
the Arrangers or the Dealers, has made any representation to it with respect to the Bank or the offer or sale of any of 
the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein), other than the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplements hereto, which has been delivered to the investor and upon which such investor is relying in 
making its investment decision with respect to the Notes (or beneficial interests therein); it acknowledges that the 
Arrangers and the Dealers make no representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base 
Prospectus; it has had access to such financial and other information concerning the Bank and the applicable Notes as 
it has deemed necessary in connection with its decision to purchase such Notes (or a beneficial interest therein), 
including an opportunity to ask questions of and request information from the Bank and the applicable Dealer(s). 
Institutional Accredited Investors who invest in IAI Notes offered and sold in the United States as part of their original 
issuance in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act are required to 
execute and deliver to the Registrar an IAI Investment Letter. 
An IAI Investment Letter will state, among other things, the following: 
(a) that the applicable Institutional Accredited Investor has received a copy of this Base Prospectus and such 
other information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment decision, 
(b) that such Institutional Accredited Investor understands that such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are 
being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the 
Securities Act, and that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other 
applicable U.S. federal or state securities laws and that any subsequent transfer of such Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) is subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in this Base Prospectus and such Notes (including 
those set out above) and that it agrees to be bound by, and not to reoffer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities Act, 
(c) that, in the normal course of its business, the Institutional Accredited Investor invests in or purchases 
securities similar to the Notes, 
(d) that it is an Institutional Accredited Investor and has such knowledge and experience in financial and 
business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Notes, and it and any 
accounts for which it is acting are each able to bear the economic risk of its or any such accounts’ investment in the 
Notes for an indefinite period of time, 
(e) that such Institutional Accredited Investor is acquiring such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) for its 
own account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an Institutional Accredited Investor) as to each of which it 
exercises sole investment discretion and not with a view to any distribution of such Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein), subject, nevertheless, to the understanding that the disposition of its property shall at all times be and remain 
within its control, and 
(f) that, in the event that such Institutional Accredited Investor purchases Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein), it will acquire Notes (or beneficial interests therein) having a minimum purchase price of at least US$500,000 
(or the approximate equivalent in another Specified Currency) (or such other amount set forth in the applicable Final 
Terms).

--- Page 314 ---
295 
Unless set forth in the applicable Final Terms otherwise, no sale of Legended Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) 
in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than US$200,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount 
or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, US$500,000 (or 
its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Legended Note will be issued in connection with such a sale in a 
smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf of others, then each Person for whom it is 
acting must purchase at least US$200,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited 
Investors pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, US$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount 
of Registered Notes (in each case, or such other amount as may be set forth in the applicable Final Terms). 
Pursuant to the BRSA decisions dated 6 May 2010 (No. 3665) and 30 September 2010 (No. 3875) and in accordance 
with Decree 32, residents of Türkiye: (a) may, in the secondary markets only, purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) denominated in a currency other than Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, 
and (b) may, in both the primary and secondary markets, purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated in 
Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis; provided that, for both clauses (a) and (b), such 
purchase or sale complies with the Turkish Purchase Requirements. 
Selling Restrictions 
Türkiye 
The Issuer has obtained the CMB Approval from the CMB and the BRSA Approval from the BRSA required for the 
issuance of Notes under the Programme. The maximum debt instrument amount that the Bank may issue under the Programme 
Approvals is the Approved Issuance Limit; provided that the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of debt instruments 
denominated in Turkish Lira issued by the Bank (whether under this approval or otherwise) may not exceed TL 27,000,000,000. 
It should be noted that, regardless of the outstanding Note amount, unless the Bank obtains new approvals from the BRSA and 
the CMB, the aggregate debt instrument amount to be issued under the Programme Approvals may not exceed the Approved 
Issuance Limit. 
Pursuant to the Programme Approvals, the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme has been authorised 
and approved in accordance with Decree 32, the Banking Law, the Capital Markets Law or their respective related laws and the 
Debt Instruments Communiqué. In addition, Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may only be offered or sold outside of 
Türkiye in accordance with the Programme Approvals. The Notes issued under the Programme prior to the date of the CMB 
Approval were issued under previously existing CMB approvals. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the BRSA decision dated 6 May 2010 No. 3665, the BRSA decision dated 
30 September 2010 No. 3875 and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Türkiye may acquire Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) so long as they comply with the Turkish Purchase Requirements. 
To the extent (and in the form) required by applicable law, an approval from the CMB in respect of each Tranche of 
Notes is required to be obtained by the Issuer prior to the Issue Date of such Tranche of Notes. 
Monies paid for investments in the Notes are not protected by the insurance coverage provided by the SDIF. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, any other federal securities law or the 
securities laws of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable local, state or federal laws. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. 
In connection with any Regulation S Notes, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation S Notes (or

--- Page 315 ---
296 
beneficial interests therein): (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until the expiration of the applicable 
Distribution Compliance Period other than in an offshore transaction to, or for the account or benefit of, Persons who are not 
U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will send to each distributor, dealer or other Person to whom it sells any Regulation S Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) during the applicable Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Regulation S Notes other than in offshore transactions to, or for the account or benefit of, Persons who 
are not U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Until the expiration of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, an offer or sale of such Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) other than in an offshore transaction to a Person who is not a U.S. person by any distributor (whether or not 
participating in the offering) might violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers might arrange for the resale of Registered Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A 
and each such purchaser of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying upon the 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. To permit compliance with 
Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are “restricted securities” within the meaning of 
Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken in the Deed Poll to furnish, upon the request of a holder of 
such Notes (or beneficial interests therein), to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by such holder, the 
information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any of the 
Notes of the applicable Series remain outstanding as “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the 
Securities Act and the Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt from 
reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation and, where applicable, Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that if the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as: 
1. “Applicable,” then it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available (and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available) any of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA, and 
2. “Not Applicable,” then, in relation to each Member State, it (with respect to such Notes) has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes to the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of Notes to the 
public in that Member State at any time: 
(a) to any legal entity that is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, 
(b) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) nominated by the Issuer 
for any such offer, or 
(c) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in clauses (a) to (c) shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of part 2, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes (which shall also 
include beneficial interests therein where applicable) in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed

--- Page 316 ---
297 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that if the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the 
“Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors” as: 
1. “Applicable,” then it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available (and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available) any of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to any UK Retail Investor in the UK, and 
2. “Not Applicable,” then it (with respect to such Notes) has not made and will not make an offer of Notes to 
the public in the UK, except that it may make an offer of Notes to the public in the UK at any time: 
(a) to any legal entity that is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, 
(b) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer, or 
(c) in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA; 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in clauses (a) to (c) shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of part 2, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes (which shall also 
include beneficial interests therein where applicable) means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
Other United Kingdom Regulatory Restrictions. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the 
FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the 
FSMA would not, if the Issuer were not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer, and 
(b) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of sales to Belgian consumers” is specified as “Not Applicable” 
in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that an offering by such Dealer of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law, as amended (a “Belgian Consumer”), and that: (a) it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, 
and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to any Belgian Consumer and (b) it 
has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar 
documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
PRC 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered, sold or delivered or will offer, sell or deliver 
any of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to any Person for reoffering or resale, or redelivery, in any such case, directly 
or indirectly, in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan) in 
contravention of any applicable laws as part of the initial distribution of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein).

--- Page 317 ---
298 
Hong Kong 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) except for Notes that are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) other than: (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under the SFO or (ii) in other circumstances that do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as 
defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
“C(WUMP)O”) or that do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O, and 
(b) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document 
relating to the Notes that is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong 
Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) that are or are intended to be disposed of only to Persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
“professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or caused the Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) or cause any Notes (or beneficial interest therein) to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein), whether directly or indirectly, to any Person in Singapore other than: (a) to an institutional investor (for the purposes 
of this section, as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (for the 
purposes of this section, as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or to any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a 
relevant person that is: 
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of 
whom is an accredited investor, or 
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) the sole purpose of which is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of such trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the 
beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that 
corporation or that trust, as applicable, has acquired the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) to an institutional investor, to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA, 
(ii) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer, 
(iii) where the transfer is by operation of law,

--- Page 318 ---
299 
(iv) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA, or 
(v) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore” that will state the product classification of the applicable 
Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes shall 
be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined 
in the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or any such legend included in the relevant Final Terms will 
constitute notice to “relevant persons” for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes (or beneficial interests therein), 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 
of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Canada 
The Notes (and beneficial interests therein) may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, 
as principal that are accredited investors (as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario)) and are permitted clients (as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations). Any resale of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable Canadian 
securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada might provide a Canadian investor with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment hereto) contains a misrepresentation; provided that 
the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the investor within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation 
of the investor’s province or territory. The investor should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of its 
province or territory for particulars of these rights and/or consult with a legal advisor. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that, in Switzerland, this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest 
in any Notes (or beneficial interests therein). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes (and beneficial interests therein) have 
not been and will not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, by such Dealer in, into or from Switzerland 
within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act, as amended (the “FinSA”) and no application has been or will be made 
to admit the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a 
prospectus pursuant to the FinSA or has been or will be filed with or approved by a Swiss review body pursuant to Article 52 
of the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering of the Notes has been 
or will be filed by the Issuer or any Dealer with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority to admit such Notes to trading 
on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland.

--- Page 319 ---
300 
Thailand 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that the Base Prospectus has not been approved by or filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any 
other regulatory authority of the Kingdom of Thailand. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes (and beneficial interests therein) 
may not be offered or sold, nor may this Base Prospectus or any other documents in relation to the offer of Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) distributed, directly or indirectly, to any person in Thailand except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with all applicable laws and guidelines promulgated by the Thai government and regulatory authorities in effect at 
the relevant time. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all laws in force related to securities in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery 
by it of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) under the laws in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it 
makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility 
therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may at any time lawfully be 
sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale.

--- Page 320 ---
301 
LEGAL MATTERS 
Certain matters relating to the issuance of Notes will be passed upon for the Bank by Mayer Brown LLP (or affiliates 
thereof) as to matters of English and United States law and by Özmen Yalçın Avukatlık Ortaklığı as to matters of Turkish law 
(other than with respect to tax-related matters). Certain matters of English and United States law will be passed upon for the 
Dealers by Allen & Overy LLP and certain matters of Turkish law will be passed upon for the Dealers by Gedik Eraksoy 
Avukatlık Ortaklığı (which will also pass upon matters of Turkish tax law).

--- Page 321 ---
302 
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS AND SERVICE OF PROCESS 
The Bank is a joint stock company organised under the laws of Türkiye (specifically, under the Banking Law). 
Substantially all of the assets of the Bank are located in Türkiye. Certain of the directors and officers of the Bank named herein 
reside inside Türkiye and all or a significant portion of the assets of such persons might be, and substantially all of the assets of 
the Bank are, located in Türkiye. As a result, it might not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon such persons 
or the Bank outside Türkiye or to enforce against them in the courts of jurisdictions other than Türkiye any judgments obtained 
in such courts that are predicated upon the laws of such other jurisdictions. In order to enforce such judgments in Türkiye, 
investors should initiate enforcement proceedings before the competent Turkish courts. In accordance with Articles 50 to 59 of 
Türkiye’s International Private and Procedure Law (Law No. 5718), the courts of Türkiye will not enforce any judgment 
obtained in a court established in a country other than Türkiye unless: 
(a) there is in effect a treaty between such country and Türkiye providing for reciprocal enforcement of court 
judgments, 
(b) there is de facto enforcement in such country of judgments rendered by Turkish courts, or 
(c) there is a provision in the laws of such country that provides for the enforcement of judgments of Turkish 
courts. 
There is no treaty between Türkiye and either the United States or the UK providing for reciprocal enforcement of 
judgments. There is no de facto reciprocity between Türkiye and the United States or the State of New York, except that the 
courts of New York have rendered at least one judgment in the past confirming de facto reciprocity between Türkiye and the 
State of New York. Turkish courts have also rendered at least one judgment confirming de facto reciprocity between Türkiye 
and the UK; however, since de facto reciprocity is decided by the relevant court on a case-by-case basis, there is uncertainty as 
to the enforceability of court judgments obtained in the United States or the UK by Turkish courts. Moreover, there is 
uncertainty as to the ability of an investor to bring an original action in Türkiye based upon the U.S. federal or any other non-
Turkish securities laws. 
In addition, the courts of Türkiye will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a country other than 
Türkiye if: 
(a) the defendant was not duly summoned or represented or the defendant’s fundamental procedural rights 
were not observed, 
(b) the judgment in question was rendered with respect to a matter within the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
courts of Türkiye, 
(c) the judgment is incompatible with a judgment of a court in Türkiye between the same parties and relating 
to the same issues or, as the case may be, with an earlier foreign judgment on the same issue and enforceable in 
Türkiye, 
(d) the judgment is not of a civil nature, 
(e) the judgment is clearly against public policy rules of Türkiye, 
(f) the judgment is not final and binding with no further recourse for appeal or similar revision process under 
the laws of the country where the judgment has been rendered, or 
(g) the judgment was rendered by a foreign court that has deemed itself competent even though it has no 
actual relationship with the parties or the subject matter at hand. 
In accordance with Article 48 of Türkiye’s International Private and Procedure Law (Law No. 5718), in any lawsuit, 
debt collection proceeding or action against the Bank in the Turkish courts, a foreign plaintiff might be required to deposit 
security for court costs (cautio judicatum solvi); provided that the court may in its discretion waive such requirement for security 
in the event that the plaintiff is considered to be: (a) a national of one of the contracting states of the Convention Relating to 
Civil Procedures signed at The Hague on 1 March 1954 (ratified by Türkiye by Law No. 1574), except for legal entities 
incorporated under the laws of such contracting states, or (b) a national of a state that has signed a bilateral treaty with Türkiye

--- Page 322 ---
303 
that is duly ratified and contains (inter alia) a waiver of the cautio judicatum solvi requirement on a reciprocal basis. If Turkish 
nationals do not deposit such a security in the country of the foreign plaintiff, then the relevant Turkish court may waive such 
requirement for security relying upon the de facto reciprocity. If the foreign plaintiff deposits such security and the proceeding 
ends in favour of such plaintiff, then such security will be returned to such plaintiff. 
Furthermore, any claim against the Bank that is denominated in a currency other than Turkish Lira would, in the event 
of the bankruptcy of the Bank, only be payable in Turkish Lira. The relevant exchange rate for determining the Turkish Lira-
equivalent amount of any such claim would be the Central Bank’s exchange rate for the purchase of the relevant currency that 
is effective on the date the relevant court decides on bankruptcy of the Bank in accordance with the laws of Türkiye. 
In connection with any Proceedings in England, service of process may be made upon the Bank at any of its branches 
or other offices in England (including, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, its branch at 1 Bartholomew Lane, London 
EC2N 2AX, England). This does not affect any other method of service allowed by law.

--- Page 323 ---
304 
OTHER GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The most recent update of the Programme and the further issue of Notes thereunder have been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the Board of Directors dated 23 November 2022. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 789000FIRX9MDN0KTM91. 
Listing of Notes 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base prospectus. Application has been 
made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued within one year after the date hereof to be admitted to the Official List and to trading 
on the Regulated Market. The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. It is expected that each 
Tranche of Notes that is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market will be admitted separately 
as and when issued, subject only to the issue of one or more Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche; however, 
no assurance can be given that any such admission will occur. If a Tranche of Notes is to be listed by the Issuer on Euronext 
Dublin or any other stock exchange, then any information required by such exchange to be in the applicable Final Terms will 
be included therein. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the Bank in connection 
with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated Market. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, the following documents (or copies thereof) 
may be inspected at the registered office of the Issuer: 
(a) the articles of incorporation (with a certified English translation thereof) of the Issuer, 
(b) the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein, 
(c) when published, copies of the latest audited annual and unaudited interim financial statements of the Bank 
(in English) delivered by the Bank pursuant to Condition 5.3 (for the purpose of clarification, such financial statements 
are not, and shall not be deemed to be, included in (or incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus except to 
the extent so incorporated by a supplement hereto), 
(d) the Agency Agreement (including the forms of the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Global Notes 
and the Definitive Notes), 
(e) a copy of this Base Prospectus, and 
(f) when published, any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and 
Final Terms (except that a Final Terms relating to a Note that is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances in which a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any 
other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In addition, for the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the documents described 
in clauses (a) through (f) are (or, as applicable, are expected to be) available in electronic format on the Issuer’s website (as of 
the date hereof, at https://www.isbank.com.tr/en/about-us/investor-relations); provided that: (a) the articles of incorporation of 
the Issuer can be found at https://www.isbank.com.tr/en/about-us/corporate-information and (b) with respect to such documents 
(or portions thereof) that are incorporated by reference herein, see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” above. Each Final

--- Page 324 ---
305 
Terms relating to Notes that are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market will also be available on the Issuer’s website. Such 
website does not, and shall not be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor is incorporated into, this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, which are the entities 
in charge of keeping the records. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN (if any) for each Tranche of Notes allocated by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In addition, the Issuer may make an 
application for any Registered Notes to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. To the extent applicable, the ISIN, 
Common Code, CUSIP, CINS, CFI Code and/or FISN for each Tranche of Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, then the appropriate information will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Scheduled payments on each Registered Note will be paid only to the Person in whose name such Registered Note 
was registered in the Register at the close of business on the applicable Record Date. With respect to Notes represented by a 
Global Note on a Record Date, this thus means that payment will be made by (on or behalf of) the Issuer to the applicable 
Clearing System (or its nominee) and, as a result, each holder of a beneficial interest in such Global Note should consider that 
such Clearing System might credit the account of its applicable direct participant(s) only after receipt of payment from the 
Issuer (including potentially applying such credits on a later day) and/or might use a different application process (such as a 
record date that differs from the Record Date), which payment such direct participants might themselves only credit to the 
account of their own customers as per their own timing and other procedures (and so on through any indirect participant(s) until 
the ultimate investor’s account is credited with funds). Payments by Clearing Systems to their direct participants and then by 
such direct participants (and indirect participants) to their own customers will be governed by standing instructions and 
customary practices and will be the responsibility of the Clearing Systems and such participants and not of the Issuer. For 
example, notwithstanding the Record Date established in the Conditions for any Series of Registered Notes, the Issuer has been 
advised by DTC that, through DTC’s accounting and payment procedures, DTC will, in accordance with its customary 
procedures, credit payments received by DTC on any payment date based upon DTC’s Direct Participants’ holdings of 
beneficial interests in the Notes on the close of business on the New York Business Day immediately preceding each such 
payment date (and Direct Participants and Indirect Participants are expected to credit such amounts to the accounts of DTC 
Beneficial Owners, which credits will be made pursuant to such Participants’ procedures). A “New York Business Day” for 
these purposes is a day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any other day on which banking institutions in New York City, New 
York are authorised or required by law or executive order to close. 
As of the date hereof: (a) the address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium, (b) the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg and (c) the address of DTC is Depositary Trust Company, 55 Water Street, New York City, New York 10041, 
United States of America. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
For Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be issued to one or more Dealer(s), the price and amount of such Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) will be determined by the Issuer and such Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. For Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be issued to one or more investor(s) purchasing such 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein) directly from the Issuer, the price and amount of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) 
will be determined by the Issuer and such investor(s). 
No Material Adverse Change or Significant Change 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer hereby confirms that, other than to the extent described in “Risk 
Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye” and “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Group and its Business,” there has been: (a) no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited BRSA Financial Statements, 
(b) no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial period for which BRSA 
Financial Statements have been published to the date of this Base Prospectus and (c) no significant change in the financial 
position of the Group since the end of the last financial period for which BRSA Financial Statements have been published. As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, each of such date and period ends is 31 December 2022.

--- Page 325 ---
306 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Neither the Bank nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings that are pending or threatened of which the Bank is aware) in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus that might have or in such period had significant effects on the Bank’s and/or the 
Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
Except with respect to the fees to be paid to the Arrangers and Dealers, as far as the Bank is aware, no natural or legal 
person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material to the issue of the 
Notes. 
Independent Auditors 
The BRSA Annual Financial Statements have been audited by EY, independent auditors, as stated in their audit report 
in each of the BRSA Annual Financial Statements. Each of the BRSA Annual Financial Statements was audited in accordance 
with the Turkish Auditor Regulation and Independent Auditing Standards that are part of the Turkish Standards on Auditing 
published by the POA. 
EY is an independent auditor in Türkiye and is authorised by the BRSA to conduct independent audits of banks in 
Türkiye. EY is located at Maslak Mahallesi Eski Büyükdere Cad. Orjin Plaza No:27 Kat: 2-3-4, Daire: 54-57-59, 34485 Sarıyer, 
İstanbul, Türkiye. 
Each of EY’s reports included in the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein contains a 
qualification (see “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group and its Business – Other Group-Related Risks – Audit 
Qualification” for further information). 
Material Contracts 
The Bank has not entered into any material contract outside the ordinary course of its business that could result in the 
Bank being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to its ability to meet its obligations to investors in respect of the 
Notes. 
Dealers and Arrangers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Arrangers, the Dealers and/or their respective affiliates have engaged, and might in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates 
might make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities might involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. The Arrangers, the Dealers 
and their respective affiliates that have a credit relationship with the Issuer might from time to time hedge their credit exposure 
to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, the Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions that consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such short positions might adversely affect 
future trading prices of an investment in the Notes. The Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates might also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and might hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments.

--- Page 326 ---
307 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
$  ..................................................................................xiv 
£  ..................................................................................xiv 
€  ..................................................................................xiv 
2006 Equity Regulation ............................................... 142 
2012 Capital Adequacy Regulation ............................... 78 
2016 Conditions ............................................................xvi 
2017 Conditions ............................................................xvi 
2019 Conditions ............................................................xvi 
2020 Conditions ............................................................xvi 
Accrual Period ............................................................. 242 
Additional Amounts......................................................... 7 
Adjustment Spread....................................................... 247 
Affiliate ........................................................................ 225 
Affiliate Transaction .................................................... 225 
Agency Agreement ...................................................... 220 
AKP ............................................................................... 11 
ALCO .......................................................................... 132 
ALMU ......................................................................... 133 
Alternative Rate ........................................................... 248 
AML Regulation .......................................................... 139 
AML/CFT .................................................................... 139 
Amortised Face Amount .............................................. 263 
Anadolu Hayat Emeklilik ................................................ 1 
Anadolu Sigorta ........................................................... 110 
APM .............................................................................. xi 
Approved Issuance Limit ............................................... iii 
Arranger ........................................................................... 4 
Bank ......................................................................... Cover 
Banking Law .................................................................. iii 
Banks Association of Türkiye........................................ xv 
Base Prospectus ....................................................... Cover 
Basel Committee .......................................................... 168 
Bearer Global Note ...................................................... 194 
Bearer Notes ............................................................ Cover 
Benchmark ................................................................... 250 
Benchmark Administrator ............................................... v 
Benchmark Amendments ............................................. 246 
Benchmark Event......................................................... 248 
Benchmark Replacement ............................................. 251 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.......................... 251 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes .......... 251 
Benchmark Replacement Date ..................................... 251 
Benchmarks Regulation ................................................... v 
Benefit Plan Investor ................................................... 284 
BIS ............................................................................... 168 
BIST TLREF Index ..................................................... 239 
Board of Directors ....................................................... 102 
Borsa İstanbul ................................................................ ix 
BRSA .............................................................................. ii 
BRSA Annual Financial Statements .............................. ix 
BRSA Approval ............................................................. iii 
BRSA Decisions on the Countercyclical Capital Buffer22 
BRSA Financial Statements........................................... ix 
BRSA Principles ............................................................ ix 
BRSA SME Definition .................................................... x 
Business Day ............................................................... 252 
CAGR .......................................................................... 100 
Calculation Agent ........................................................ 248 
Capital Adequacy Regulation ....................................... 21 
Capital Markets Law ............................................... Cover 
CCT ............................................................................. 104 
Central Bank .................................................................. xv 
Central Registry İstanbul ................................................ iv 
CET1 capital ................................................................ 100 
CHP ............................................................................... 34 
Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation ...... 22 
Clearing Systems ........................................................... 47 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ............................................. 47 
CMB ........................................................................ Cover 
CMB Approval .............................................................. iii 
CMP Regulations 2018 ................................................ 199 
CNH HIBOR ............................................................... 253 
Code ................................................................................ vi 
Commission’s Proposal ............................................... 283 
Common Depositary ...................................................... 47 
Common Safekeeper ...................................................... 47 
Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements ......... 177 
Compounded Daily SONIA ......................................... 231 
Conditions...................................................................... 35 
Corporate Definition ........................................................ x 
Corporate Governance Communiqué ........................ 153 
Corresponding Tenor ................................................... 252 
Couponholder .............................................................. 220 
Coupons ....................................................................... 220 
Covered Bond .............................................................. 224 
CPI ................................................................................. 20 
Custodian ..................................................................... 275 
Day Count Fraction ..................................................... 242 
Dealer ...................................................................... Cover 
Debt Instruments Communiqué ..................................... iii 
Decree 32 ....................................................................... iii 
Deed of Covenant ........................................................ 221 
Deed Poll ...................................................................... vii 
Definitive Bearer Notes ............................................... 220 
Definitive Notes ........................................................... 220 
Definitive Registered Notes ......................................... 220 
Definitive Regulation S Registered Note ..................... 195 
Denizbank .................................................................... 159 
Designated Account ..................................................... 255 
Designated Bank .......................................................... 255 
Determination Period ................................................... 243 
Direct Participants ....................................................... 272 
Direct Recourse Securities ........................................... 224 
Distribution Compliance Period .................................. 291 
distributor ....................................................................... iv 
D-SIBs ........................................................................... 21 
D-SIBs Regulation ......................................................... 21 
DTC ................................................................................. 5

--- Page 327 ---
308 
DTC Beneficial Owners .............................................. 272 
DTC Notes ................................................................... 272 
DTC Rules ................................................................... 272 
Early Redemption Amount .......................................... 263 
ECB ............................................................................... xv 
EEA ......................................................................... Cover 
EEA Retail Investor ...................................................... vii 
Electronic Fund Trading Platform ............................... 114 
Equity Regulation .......................................................... 21 
ERISA .............................................................................. 8 
ES ................................................................................ 134 
ESMA .............................................................................. v 
ESMA Guidelines .......................................................... xi 
EU CRA Regulation ...................................................... 51 
EU \t ................................................................................. 1 
EURIBOR .................................................................... 253 
euro ...............................................................................xiv 
Euroclear ........................................................................ 47 
Euronext Dublin ...................................................... Cover 
EUWA .......................................................................... vii 
Event of Default ........................................................... 265 
Exchange Act ................................................................ vii 
Exchange Agent ........................................................... 220 
Exchange Date ............................................................. 195 
Exchange Event ........................................................... 196 
EY .................................................................................. ix 
FATCA ........................................................................ 254 
FATCA Withholding Tax ............................................ 253 
FATF ............................................................................. 33 
FCIB ............................................................................ 128 
Final Terms .............................................................. Cover 
Fiscal Agent ................................................................. 220 
Fitch ......................................................................... Cover 
Fixed Rate Notes ............................................................. 5 
Floating Rate Notes ......................................................... 5 
Foreign Financial Institution ........................................ 282 
Foreign Passthru Payments .......................................... 282 
FSMA ........................................................................... vii 
FTP .............................................................................. 131 
Garanti ......................................................................... 160 
GDP ............................................................................... 13 
Global Note.................................................................... 49 
Governmental Authority .............................................. 260 
Group ............................................................................xiv 
Halkbank ........................................................................ 12 
HIBOR ......................................................................... 253 
holder ........................................................................... 220 
Hong Kong ..................................................................... ii 
IAI Definitive Note ...................................................... 196 
IAI Global Note ........................................................... 196 
IAI Investment Letter .................................................... vi 
IAI Notes ..................................................................... 196 
IAS 29 .............................................................................. x 
ICAAP ......................................................................... 181 
ICAAP Regulation ....................................................... 181 
ICAAP Report ............................................................. 181 
IFRS ............................................................................... ix 
IGAs ............................................................................ 283 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money.............................. 266 
Independent Advisor .................................................... 248 
Indirect Participants ..................................................... 272 
Institutional Accredited Investors ................................... vi 
Insurance Distribution Directive ................................... vii 
Interest Accrual Period ................................................ 232 
Interest Amount ........................................................... 252 
Interest Commencement Date ...................................... 252 
Interest Payment Date .................................................. 228 
Interest Period .............................................................. 252 
Interest Rate ................................................................... 35 
Investor Put .................................................................. 262 
Investor’s Currency ....................................................... 50 
İş Faktoring .................................................................. 118 
İş Girişim ..................................................................... 118 
İş Leasing......................................................................... 1 
İş Portföy ......................................................................... 2 
İş REIT ............................................................................ 1 
İş Yatırım ..................................................................... 113 
İş Yatırım Ortaklığı ..................................................... 117 
İşbank Pension Fund .................................................... 127 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment.......................................... 252 
ISDA Fallback Rate ..................................................... 252 
ISIS ................................................................................ 12 
Issue Date ................................................................ Cover 
Issue Price ........................................................................ 5 
Issuer ....................................................................... Cover 
Issuer Call .................................................................... 261 
IT ................................................................................... 32 
IVR .............................................................................. 122 
KGF ............................................................................... 25 
KOSGEB ..................................................................... 109 
Legended Notes .............................................................. vi 
London Banking Day ................................................... 232 
MAS ............................................................................ viii 
Material Subsidiary...................................................... 226 
Maturity Date ................................................................. 35 
Member State ........................................................... Cover 
MiFID II .................................................................. Cover 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ................................. iv 
Milli Reasürans ............................................................ 116 
Moody’s ................................................................... Cover 
New Tier 2 Conditions ................................................ 171 
New York Business Day .............................................. 305 
NGN ............................................................................ 194 
NIBOR ......................................................................... 253 
Noteholder ................................................................... 220 
Notes ........................................................................ Cover 
NPLs ............................................................................... xi 
NSS .............................................................................. 196 
Observation Look-Back Period ................................... 232 
Observation Period ...................................................... 232 
OECD ............................................................................ 33 
OFAC ............................................................................ 50 
Official List ............................................................. Cover 
Original Reference Rate .............................................. 249

--- Page 328 ---
309 
OTC ............................................................................. 110 
Participants .................................................................. 272 
Participating Member States ........................................ 283 
Paying Agents .............................................................. 220 
Payment Business Day ................................................ 256 
Payment Business Day Convention ............................. 256 
PBoC .............................................................................. 46 
Permanent Bearer Global Note .................................... 194 
Permitted Business....................................................... 226 
Person .......................................................................... 227 
PKK ............................................................................... 13 
Plans ............................................................................ 284 
POA ............................................................................... ix 
POAŞ ........................................................................... 154 
POS ................................................................................ 22 
PRC................................................................................. ii 
PRC Government ........................................................... 45 
PRIBOR ....................................................................... 253 
PRIIPs Regulation ........................................................ vii 
Proceedings .................................................................. 270 
Programme............................................................... Cover 
Programme Agreement ................................................ 285 
Programme Approvals ................................................... iii 
Prospectus Regulation ............................................. Cover 
PTCE ........................................................................... 284 
Put Notice .................................................................... 262 
QIBs ......................................................................... Cover 
Rate Calculation Business Day .................................... 260 
Rate Calculation Date .................................................. 260 
Rating Agencies ....................................................... Cover 
RCAP ........................................................................... 168 
RCM ............................................................................ 122 
Record Date ................................................................. 255 
Redeemed Notes .......................................................... 262 
Reference Banks .......................................................... 253 
Reference Rate ............................................................. 253 
Reference Time ............................................................ 252 
Register ........................................................................ 221 
Register of Administrators ............................................... v 
Registered Global Note ................................................ 196 
Registered Notes ...................................................... Cover 
Registrar....................................................................... 220 
Regulated Market..................................................... Cover 
Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios ...................... 22 
Regulation on the Maintenance of Securities ................ 22 
Regulation S ............................................................ Cover 
Regulation S Notes ...................................................... 195 
Regulation S Registered Global Note .......................... 195 
Regulation S Registered Note ...................................... 195 
Relevant Date .............................................................. 265 
Relevant Governmental Body ...................................... 252 
Relevant Indebtedness ................................................. 224 
Relevant Jurisdiction ................................................... 265 
Relevant Nominating Body ......................................... 249 
Relevant Payment Date ................................................ 257 
Relevant Period ............................................................ 253 
Renminbi ......................................................................xiv 
Renminbi Notes ............................................................. 45 
RMB ............................................................................. xiv 
RMB Clearing Banks ..................................................... 46 
RMB Currency Event .................................................. 260 
RMB Illiquidity ........................................................... 260 
RMB Inconvertibility .................................................. 260 
RMB Non-Transferability ........................................... 260 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) .......................................... 260 
ROBOR ....................................................................... 253 
Rule 144A ................................................................ Cover 
Rule 144A Global Note ............................................... 196 
Sanction Targets ............................................................ 50 
SDIF ............................................................................... iv 
SEC ................................................................................. ii 
Securities Act ........................................................... Cover 
Security Interest ........................................................... 224 
Series ........................................................................... 220 
Settlement Agreements .................................................. 46 
SFA .............................................................................. viii 
SIBOR ......................................................................... 253 
Similar Law ................................................................. 284 
Şişecam ............................................................................ 1 
Şişecam Group ............................................................... 79 
SME ................................................................................. x 
Social Regulation ......................................................... 152 
SOFR ........................................................................... 235 
SONIA ........................................................................... 41 
SONIA Reference Rate ............................................... 232 
Specified Denomination ................................................ 49 
Specified Time ............................................................. 253 
Spot Rate ..................................................................... 261 
Stabilisation Manager .................................................. viii 
Sterling ......................................................................... xiv 
Sterling LIBOR ............................................................. 41 
Subsidiary .................................................................... 227 
sub-unit ........................................................................ 253 
Successor Rate ............................................................. 249 
Sustainable Finance Framework .................................... 52 
T2 System .................................................................... 252 
Talons .......................................................................... 220 
TAS 29 ............................................................................ x 
Tax Decrees ................................................................... 36 
Taxes ............................................................................... 7 
TEFRA C ......................................................................... 9 
TEFRA D......................................................................... 9 
Temporary Bearer Global Note ................................... 194 
TFRS ............................................................................... x 
TFRS 15.......................................................................... ix 
TFRS 16.......................................................................... ix 
TFRS 9 ........................................................................... ix 
TL ................................................................................. xiv 
TLREF ........................................................................... 43 
TMO ............................................................................ 109 
Tranche ........................................................................ 220 
Transfer Agents ........................................................... 220 
TRLIBOR ...................................................................... 43 
TSKB ............................................................................... 1

--- Page 329 ---
310 
Turkish Auditor Regulation ........................................... ix 
Turkish Lira ..................................................................xiv 
Turkish Purchase Requirements .................................... iv 
Turkish Treasury ............................................................ xv 
Türkiye .................................................................... Cover 
TurkStat ......................................................................... xv 
U.S. .......................................................................... Cover 
U.S. dollars ...................................................................xiv 
U.S. person .............................................................. Cover 
UK ........................................................................... Cover 
UK CRA Regulation ...................................................... 51 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules .......................... iv 
UK PRIIPs Regulation .................................................. vii 
UK Prospectus Regulation ............................................ vii 
UK Retail Investor ........................................................ vii 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement .......................... 252 
United States ............................................................ Cover 
US$ ............................................................................... xiv 
Vakıfbank ...................................................................... 30 
VaR .............................................................................. 134 
WIBOR ........................................................................ 253 
Zero Coupon Notes .......................................................... 5 
Ziraat ............................................................................. 30

--- Page 330 ---
APPENDIX A 
  
 
311 
 
OVERVIEW OF DIFFERENCES BETWEEN IFRS AND THE BRSA PRINCIPLES 
The BRSA Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with the BRSA Principles. The BRSA Principles, 
statements, communiqués and guidance differ from IFRS in some instances that might be material to the financial information 
herein. Such differences primarily relate to the format of presentation of financial statements, disclosure requirements (e.g., 
IFRS 7) and accounting policies. BRSA format and disclosure requirements are prescribed by relevant regulations and do not 
always conform to IFRS or IAS 34 standards. The following paragraphs contain a narrative description of differences between 
IFRS and the BRSA Principles as adopted by the Issuer in preparing its annual financial statements. 
Similar differences with IFRS also exist in the accounting policies and disclosure requirements applied to 
consolidated subsidiaries, especially those providing life and non-life insurance services, which are subject to 
policies/requirements of the Turkish Treasury, and factoring and leasing services, which are subject to specific BRSA 
policies/requirements. 
Hyperinflationary Accounting 
Pursuant to TAS 29 and IAS 29, the financial statements of entities whose functional currency is that of a 
hyperinflationary economy must be adjusted for the effects of changes in a general price index. Neither TAS 29 nor IAS 29 
establishes an absolute rate when hyperinflation is deemed to arise, but rather each provides a series of non-exclusive 
guidelines as to when restatement of financial statements becomes necessary. These guidelines include, among other 
considerations, a quantitative characteristic verifying if the three-year cumulative inflation rate approaches or exceeds 100%. 
In March 2022, the International Practices Task Force of the Centre for Audit Quality, which monitors countries experiencing 
high inflation, categorised Türkiye as a country with three-year cumulative inflation rate greater than 100% as of 28 February 
2022. Accordingly, Turkish companies reporting under IFRS should apply IAS 29 to their financial statements for periods 
ending on and after 30 June 2022. 
With respect to TFRS, on 20 January 2022, the POA stated that businesses applying TFRS do not need to make any 
adjustments in their financial statements for 2021 within the scope of TAS 29. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there 
has been no further announcement by the POA regarding this issue and, as a result, inflation adjustments for such periods 
have not been applied on the BRSA Financial Statements. As a result, the BRSA Financial Statements that do not apply 
hyperinflationary accounting might differ materially from those applying hyperinflationary accounting in accordance with 
IAS 29. 
Presentation of Financial Statements 
There are differences in presentation of financial statements other than measurement differences described above. 
These differences can be briefly explained by mandatory financial statement line items in accordance with IAS 1, disclosure 
requirements of IFRS 7 or, where applicable, the disclosure requirements of other standards. BRSA Financial Statements 
(including the related notes) are presented under a special format determined by the BRSA. Similarly, balance sheet, statement 
of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows are presented using this specified 
format. The BRSA also requires a statement for off balance sheet items. These presentation differences might vary based 
upon the sector that the related consolidated subsidiary operates in, especially those providing life and non-life insurance 
services, which are subject to the Turkish Treasury policies/requirements, and factoring and leasing services, which are subject 
to specific BRSA policies/requirements. 
Basis for Consolidation 
Consolidation principles under the BRSA Principles and IFRS are based upon the concept of the power to control in 
determining whether a parent/subsidiary relationship exists and that consolidation is appropriate. Control is typically exhibited 
where an entity has the majority of the voting rights. 
Only financial sector subsidiaries are consolidated under the BRSA Principles, whereas other associates are recorded 
according to the equity method. Under IFRS, all subsidiaries are consolidated.

--- Page 331 ---
APPENDIX A 
 
 
312
 
 
Modified Financial Assets 
Following the implementation of IFRS 9 as of 1 January 2018, the BRSA Principles regarding classification and 
measurement as well as expected credit loss principles applicable to financial instruments’ portfolios were aligned with IFRS; 
however, the BRSA made some amendments to the application of the relevant BRSA Principles through communiqués and 
other laws, which amendments resulted in some differences in terms of staging and expected credit loss calculations between 
the BRSA Principles and the application of IFRS. 
In accordance with IFRS 9, at each reporting date, an entity shall measure the loss allowance for a financial 
instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased 
significantly since initial recognition. If the contractual cash flows on a financial asset have been renegotiated or modified 
and the financial asset was not derecognised, then an entity shall assess whether there has been a significant increase in the 
credit risk of the financial instrument by comparing: 
(a) the risk of a default occurring at the reporting date (based upon the modified contractual terms), and 
(b) the risk of a default occurring at initial recognition (based upon the original, unmodified contractual 
terms). 
In accordance with the BRSA Principles, an entity can measure the loss allowance for the financial instrument of 
which contractual cash flows have been renegotiated or modified at an amount equal to 12-month expected credit losses 
without assessing whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk of the financial instrument.

--- Page 332 ---
ISSUER
Türkiye İş Bankası A.Ş. 
İş Kuleleri 
34330 Levent, İstanbul 
Türkiye 
ARRANGERS
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom
Standard Chartered Bank 
1 Basinghall Avenue 
London EC2V 5DD 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
Arab Banking Corporation (B.S.C.) 
ABC Tower, Diplomatic Area 
P.O. Box 5698, Manama 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC 
c/o Emirates NBD Capital Limited 
Level 7, ICD Brookfield Place 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
(DIFC) 
P.O. Box 506710 
Dubai, United Arab Emirates 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
20 Gresham Street 
London EC2V 7JE 
United Kingdom 
ING Bank N.V., London Branch 
8-10 Moorgate 
London EC2R 6DA 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc 
Ropemaker Place 
25 Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9AJ 
United Kingdom 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets 
Limited 
100 Liverpool Street 
London EC2M 2AT 
United Kingdom 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
Standard Chartered Bank 
1 Basinghall Avenue 
London EC2V 5DD 
United Kingdom 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 333 ---
FISCAL AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND PAYING 
AGENT
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch 
240 Greenwich Street 
New York, New York 10286 
United States of America
LEGAL ADVISORS
To the Issuer as to English and United States law 
To the Issuer as to Turkish law 
Mayer Brown International LLP 
201 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 3AF 
United Kingdom 
Mayer Brown LLP 
71 South Wacker Drive 
Chicago, Illinois 60606 
United States of America 
Özmen Yalçın Avukatlık Ortaklığı 
Büyükdere Caddesi, No: 191 
Apa Giz Plaza, Kat: 9 
Levent, İstanbul, 34330 
Türkiye
To the Dealers as to English and United States law 
To the Dealers as to Turkish law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Allen & Overy LLP 
52 avenue Hoche 
75379 Paris – Cedex 08 
France 
Gedik Eraksoy Avukatlık Ortaklığı 
River Plaza, Kat: 17 
Büyükdere Caddesi, Bahar Sokak No. 13 
TR-34394 Levent, İstanbul 
Türkiye 
LISTING AGENT
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE BANK 
Güney Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest 
Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik Anonim Şirketi 
Maslak Mahallesi Eski Büyükdere Cad. Orjin Plaza No:27 Kat: 2-3-4 
Daire: 54-57-59 34485 
Sarıyer, İstanbul 
Türkiye