--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
TÜRKİYE CUMHURİYETİ ZİRAAT BANKASI A.Ş. 
US$7,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this Global Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Türkiye Cumhuriyeti Ziraat Bankası A.Ş., a banking institution organised as a joint stock 
company under the laws of the Republic of Turkey (“Turkey”) registered with the Ankara Trade Registry under number 1148 (the “Bank” or the “Issuer”), may from time to time 
issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) or investor(s). 
Notes may be issued in either bearer or registered form (respectively, “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes”); provided that the Notes may be offered and sold in the 
United States only in registered form except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. As of the time of each issuance of Notes, the maximum aggregate nominal 
amount of all Notes outstanding under the Programme will not exceed US$7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued from time to time to: (a) one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the Programme - The Programme” and any 
additional Dealer(s) appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis, 
and/or (b) one or more investor(s) purchasing Notes (or beneficial interests therein) directly from the Issuer. 
INVESTING IN THE NOTES INVOLVES RISKS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSIDER THE FACTORS SET FORTH UNDER “RISK 
FACTORS” FOR A DISCUSSION OF CERTAIN OF THESE RISKS.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), of the United States of America (the “United 
States” or “U.S.”) or any other U.S. federal or state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person (“U.S. 
person”) as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) except to “qualified institutional buyers” (“QIBs”) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act (“Rule 144A”) in a transaction satisfying the conditions of Rule 144A or unless another exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is 
available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the United States and each applicable state or other jurisdiction of the United States. See “Form of the Notes” for 
a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued. For a description of certain restrictions on the sale and transfer of investments in the Notes, see “Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions.” Where the “United States” is referenced herein with respect to Regulation S, such shall have the meaning provided thereto in Rule 902 of Regulation S. 
This base prospectus (this “Base Prospectus”) has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or the quality of the Notes and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state (a 
“Member State”) of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for 
Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on its 
regulated market (the “Regulated Market”). The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. This Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time, if 
applicable) is valid until 4 May 2022 in relation to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in 
the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy that may affect the assessment of the Notes does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid. 
References in this Base Prospectus to any Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
Application has been made to the Capital Markets Board (the “CMB”) of Turkey, in its capacity as competent authority under Law No. 6362 (the “Capital Markets 
Law”) of Turkey relating to capital markets, for its approval of the issuance and sale of Notes by the Bank outside of Turkey. No Notes may be sold before the necessary approvals 
are obtained from the CMB. The CMB approval based upon which any offering of the Notes may be conducted was obtained on 22 January 2021 and, to the extent (and in the 
form) required by applicable law, a written approval of the CMB in relation to each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be required to be obtained on or before the issue date 
(an “Issue Date”) of such Tranche of Notes. Unless the Bank obtains the necessary new approvals from the CMB, the aggregate debt instrument amount issued under such 
approval (whether issued under the Programme or otherwise) cannot exceed US$4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Under current Turkish tax law, withholding tax might apply to payments of interest on the Notes. See “Taxation - Certain Turkish Tax Considerations.” 
Notice of the aggregate principal amount of a Tranche of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of such Notes, the issue price of such Notes and certain other 
information that is applicable to such Notes will be set out in a final terms document (for a Tranche, its “Final Terms”). With respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin or 
any other regulated market in the EEA, the applicable Final Terms will be filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin or such other market, as applicable. When 
listed on Euronext Dublin, copies of such Final Terms will also be published on Euronext Dublin’s website at www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed and/or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or (in the case of Notes purchased directly from the Issuer by one or more investor(s)) the relevant investor(s) (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Programme has been rated “B+” (for long-term issuances) and “B” (for short-term issuances) by Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”) and “B2” (for long-term 
issuances) by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s” and, with Fitch, the “Rating Agencies”). The Bank has also been rated by the Rating Agencies and JCR Eurasia 
Rating (“JCR Eurasia”) as set out on page 144 of this Base Prospectus. Please see such page with respect to the Rating Agencies’ registration and/or endorsement in the United 
Kingdom and/or European Union. Series of Notes may either be rated by any rating agency (including by any one or more of the Rating Agencies) or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated (other than unsolicited ratings), the initial such rating(s) will be disclosed in the Final Terms for such Tranche and will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned by the applicable rating agency to the Notes of other Series or (if rated by Fitch and/or Moody’s) the rating described above. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Arranger 
Citigroup
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS
Citigroup
Commerzbank
Deutsche Bank
Emirates NBD Capital
Goldman Sachs International
J.P. Morgan
Mizuho Securities
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking
Standard Chartered Bank
The date of this Base Prospectus is 5 May 2021.

--- Page 2 ---
i 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. This 
document does not constitute a prospectus for the purposes of Section 12(a)(2) of, or any other provision of or rule 
under, the Securities Act. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this 
Base Prospectus and, for each Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the 
information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer confirms that: (a) this Base Prospectus (including the information incorporated herein by reference) 
contains all information that in its view is material in the context of the issuance and offering of the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein), (b) the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus is true and 
accurate in all material respects and is not misleading, (c) any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed in this Base 
Prospectus (or any of the documents (or applicable portions thereof) incorporated herein by reference) on the part of the 
Issuer are honestly held or made by the Issuer and are not misleading in any material respects, and there are no other facts the 
omission of which would make this Base Prospectus or any of such information or the expression of any such opinions, 
predictions or intentions misleading in any material respect, and (d) all reasonable enquiries have been made by the Issuer to 
ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of all such information and statements. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents that are (or portions of which are) incorporated 
herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the 
basis that such documents (or the applicable portions thereof) are incorporated into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
To the full extent permitted by applicable law, none of the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents or any of their 
respective affiliates accept any responsibility for: (a) the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by (or on behalf of) the Issuer in connection with the Programme or 
an issue and offering of Notes (or beneficial interests therein), (b) any statement consistent with this Base Prospectus made, 
or purported to be made, by a Dealer or an Arranger or on its behalf in connection with the Programme or an issue and 
offering of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or (c) any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other Person (as defined in 
Condition 5.4) in connection with the Programme or an issue and offering of Notes (or beneficial interests therein). Each 
Dealer and Arranger and their respective affiliates accordingly disclaims all and any liability that it might otherwise have 
(whether in tort, contract or otherwise) in respect of the accuracy or completeness of any such information or statements. The 
Arrangers and Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of 
the Programme or to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
In connection with the Programme or an issue of Notes, no Person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any 
information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied by (or with the consent of) the Issuer and, if given or made, such information or representation must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Arrangers or Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied by (or on behalf of) the Issuer, any of the Arrangers 
or Dealers or any of their respective affiliates in connection with the Programme or any Notes: (a) is intended to provide the 
basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Arrangers 
or Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any such other information should invest in any Notes. Each investor 
contemplating investing in any Note should: (i) determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in (including 
incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus, (ii) make its own independent investigation of the financial condition 
and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and (iii) make its own determination of the suitability 
of any such investment in light of its own circumstances, with particular reference to its own investment objectives and 
experience, and any other factors that are relevant to it in connection with such investment, in each case, based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor, except to the extent explicitly stated therein, any other information supplied by (or 
on behalf of) the Issuer or any of the Arrangers or Dealers in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Arrangers or Dealers or any of their respective

--- Page 3 ---
ii 
affiliates to any Person to subscribe for or purchase any Notes (or beneficial interests therein). This Base Prospectus is 
intended only to provide information to assist potential investors in deciding whether or not to subscribe for, or invest in, the 
Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this 
Base Prospectus is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof (or, if such information is stated to be as of an earlier 
date, subsequent to such earlier date) or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
This Base Prospectus may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its 
contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally provided by (or on behalf of) the 
Issuer or a Dealer. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and/or the offer or sale of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) might be 
restricted by applicable law in certain jurisdictions. None of the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be lawfully offered, in any 
such jurisdiction or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has 
been taken by the Issuer that is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus, any advertisement or any other material relating to the Programme in any jurisdiction in 
which action for that purpose is required. Accordingly: (a) no Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and (b) neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other material relating to the Programme 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction except, in each case, under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with all applicable laws. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) 
come(s) must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, any 
advertisement or other material relating to the Programme and the offering and/or sale of Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein). In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer and/or sale of Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) in (inter alia) Turkey, the United States, the EEA (including Belgium), the United Kingdom, the 
People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC (“Hong Kong”), 
Singapore, Japan, Canada and Switzerland. See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
In making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, investors must rely upon their own examination of the 
Issuer and the terms of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) being offered, including the merits and risks involved. The 
Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) of the United States 
or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States and, other than the approvals of the 
Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency (in Turkish: Bankacılık Düzenleme ve Denetleme Kurumu) (the “BRSA”) of 
Turkey, the CMB and the Central Bank of Ireland described herein, have not been approved or disapproved by any securities 
commission or other regulatory authority in Turkey or any other jurisdiction, nor has any such authority (other than the 
Central Bank of Ireland to the extent described herein) approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or 
determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary might be 
unlawful. 
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Issuer or any of their respective affiliates, counsel or other representatives 
makes any representation to any actual or potential investor in the Notes regarding the legality under any applicable law of its 
investment in the Notes. Any investor in the Notes should ensure that it is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in 
the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
The Notes might not be a suitable investment for all investors. As noted above, each potential investor 
contemplating making an investment in the Notes must make its own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes 
in light of its own circumstances, with particular reference to its own investment objectives and experience, and any other 
factors that are relevant to it in connection with such investment, in each case, based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. In particular, each potential investor in the Notes should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial 
and other professional advisers, whether it:

--- Page 4 ---
iii 
(a) has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the applicable Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in such Notes and the information contained in (including incorporated by reference 
into) this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement hereto, 
(b) has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
circumstances, an investment in the applicable Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio, 
(c) has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the applicable 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currency(ies) or where the currency for 
principal and/or interest payments is different from such potential investor’s currency, 
(d) understands thoroughly the terms of the applicable Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets, and 
(e) is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that might affect its 
investment in the Notes and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations might restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are 
subject to applicable laws and/or to review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor in the Notes should 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent: (a) Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are legal 
investments for it, (b) its investment in the Notes can be used by it as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase, holding or pledge of any Notes (or beneficial interests therein). Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of their investments in the 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or other rules. Each potential investor in the Notes should consult its own 
advisers as to the legal, tax, business, financial and related aspects of an investment in the Notes. 
The Issuer has obtained the CMB approval letter (dated 22 January 2021 and numbered E-29833736-10.02.02-721) 
and the final CMB approved issuance certificate (in Turkish: onaylanmış ihraç belgesi) (dated 21 January 2021 and 
numbered 4-70) (together, the “CMB Approval”) and the BRSA approval letter (dated 8 January 2021 and numbered 
E-20008792-101.02.01[18]-569) (the “BRSA Approval” and, with the CMB Approval, the “Programme Approvals”) required 
for the issuance of Notes under the Programme. The maximum principal amount of securities that the Bank can issue under 
the CMB Approval is US$4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate (the “Approved Issuance Limit”); 
provided that, as per the BRSA Approval, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of debt instruments denominated in 
Turkish Lira issued by the Issuer (whether under these approvals or otherwise) may not exceed TL 8,000,000,000. It should 
be noted that, regardless of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Notes or the amount permitted to be issued under 
the Programme, unless the Bank obtains new approval(s) from the CMB, the aggregate principal amount of securities issued 
under the CMB Approval (whether issued under the Programme or otherwise) cannot exceed the Approved Issuance Limit. 
In addition to the Programme Approvals, but only to the extent (and in the form) required by applicable law, an approval of 
the CMB in respect of each Tranche of Notes is required to be obtained by the Issuer on or before the Issue Date of such 
Tranche, which date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The scope of the Programme Approvals might be 
amended and/or new approvals from the CMB and/or the BRSA might be obtained from time to time. The Notes issued 
under the Programme prior to the respective dates of the Programme Approvals were issued under previously existing BRSA 
and CMB approvals. 
Pursuant to the Programme Approvals, the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme have been authorised 
and approved in accordance with Decree No. 32 on the Protection of the Value of the Turkish Currency (as amended from 
time to time, “Decree 32”), the Banking Law No. 5411 of 2005 (as amended from time to time, the “Banking Law”), and its 
related law, the Capital Markets Law and the Communiqué on Debt Instruments No. VII-128.8 of the CMB (as amended 
from time to time, the “Debt Instruments Communiqué”) and its related law. The Notes issued under the Programme prior to 
the date of the CMB Approval were issued under previously existing CMB approvals. 
In addition, in accordance with the Programme Approvals, the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may only be 
offered or sold outside of Turkey. Under the Programme Approvals, the BRSA and the CMB have authorised the offering, 
sale and issue of the Notes on the condition that no transaction that qualifies as a sale or offering of Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) in Turkey may be engaged in. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the BRSA decisions dated 6 May

--- Page 5 ---
iv 
2010 (No. 3665) and 30 September 2010 (No. 3875) and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Turkey: (a) may, in the 
secondary markets only, purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated in a currency other than Turkish 
Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, and (b) in both the primary and secondary markets, 
may purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated in Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an 
unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis; provided that, for each of clauses (a) and (b), such purchase or sale is made through 
licensed banks authorised by the BRSA or licensed brokerage institutions authorised pursuant to CMB regulations and the 
purchase price is transferred through such licensed banks. As such, Turkish residents should use such licensed banks or 
licensed brokerage institutions when purchasing Notes (or beneficial interests therein) and should transfer the purchase price 
through such licensed banks. The requirements in this paragraph are herein referred to as the “Turkish Purchase 
Requirements.” 
Potential investors should note that, under the Central Securities Depositaries Regulation of the European Union (the 
“EU”), a trade in the secondary markets within the EU might be required to settle in two applicable business days unless the 
parties to such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, investors who wish to trade interests in Notes in the EU on the 
trade date relating to such Notes or the next business day might be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially will 
likely settle on a settlement cycle longer than such number of days, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any 
such trade to prevent a failed settlement. 
Monies paid for the purchase of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are not protected by the insurance coverage 
provided by the Savings Deposit Insurance Fund (in Turkish: Tasarruf Mevduatı Sigorta Fonu) (the “SDIF”) of Turkey. 
Pursuant to the Debt Instruments Communiqué, the Issuer is required to notify the Central Securities Depository of 
Turkey (in Turkish: Merkezi Kayıt Kuruluşu A.Ş.) (trade name: Central Registry İstanbul (in Turkish: Merkezi Kayıt 
İstanbul)) (“Central Registry İstanbul”) within three İstanbul business days from the applicable Issue Date of a Tranche of 
Notes of the amount, Issue Date, ISIN (if any), interest commencement date, maturity date, interest rate, name of the 
custodian and currency of such Notes and the country of issuance. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled “MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE” that 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of such Notes and which channels for distribution of such Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) are appropriate. In those cases, any Person subsequently offering, selling or recommending such 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein) is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein), but otherwise 
none of the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled “UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE” that 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of such Notes and which channels for distribution of such Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) are appropriate. In those cases, any distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) is a manufacturer in respect of such

--- Page 6 ---
v 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein), but otherwise none of the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest Amounts payable in respect of Floating Rate Notes might be calculated by reference to the following 
benchmark reference rates that are provided by the following benchmark administrators (each a “Benchmark Administrator”): 
Benchmark Reference Rates 
Benchmark Administrator 
LIBOR .................................................  
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
SONIA ................................................  
Bank of England 
SOFR ...................................................  
Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
EURIBOR ...........................................  
European Money Markets Institute 
TLREF ................................................  
TLREF Committee(1)
TRLIBOR ............................................  
Banks Association of Turkey 
HIBOR ................................................  
Hong Kong Treasury Markets Association 
ROBOR ...............................................  
National Bank of Romania 
PRIBOR ..............................................  
Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o. 
SIBOR .................................................  
ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd. 
NIBOR ................................................  
Norwegian Financial Reference Rates 
WIBOR ...............................................  
Warsaw Stock Exchange 
CNH HIBOR .......................................  
Hong Kong Treasury Markets Association 
KLIBOR ..............................................  
Bank Negara Malaysia 
TIBOR .................................................  
JBA TIBOR Administration 
__________________________________________________________ 
(1) 
TLREF Committee (in Turkish: TLREF Ulusal Çalışma Komitesi) includes a member from each of the Central Bank, the BRSA, the 
CMB, the Borsa İstanbul, the İstanbul Settlement and Custody Bank (in Turkish: İstanbul Takas ve Saklama Bankası A.Ş.), the Turkish 
Capital Markets Association (in Turkish: Türkiye Sermaye Piyasaları Birliği), the Participation Banks Association of Turkey (in Turkish: 
Türkiye Katılım Bankaları Birliği)) and members of the Banks Association of Turkey.
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Floating Rate Notes will specify whether or not the 
applicable Benchmark Administrator appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks (the “Register of 
Administrators”) established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) of 8 June 2016 (as amended, the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, European Money Markets Institute, Czech Financial 
Benchmark Facility s.r.o. and ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd. appear on the Register of Administrators, but 
none of the other Benchmark Administrators appear on the Register of Administrators, though the Bank of England and the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as central banks, are not required to appear on the Register of Administrators pursuant to 
Article 2(2) of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that none of the Benchmark Administrators that are not registered as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus in the Register of Administrators is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if non-EU-based, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus might be considered to be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking 
statements include (without limitation) statements concerning the Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future 
operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. When used in this Base 
Prospectus, the words “anticipates,” “estimates,” “expects,” “believes,” “intends,” “plans,” “aims,” “seeks,” “may,” “might,” 
“will,” “should” and any similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 
statements appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus, including (without limitation) in the sections titled 
“Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Selected 
Statistical and Other Information” and “The Group and its Business,” and include, but are not limited to, statements 
regarding: 

strategy and objectives,

--- Page 7 ---
vi 

trends affecting the Group’s results of operations and financial condition, 

asset portfolios, 

expected credit losses, 

capital spending, 

legal proceedings, and 

the Group’s potential exposure to market risk and other risk factors. 
Forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Actual results might differ materially from those 
expressed in these forward-looking statements. 
The Issuer has identified certain of the risks inherent in these forward-looking statements and these are set out under 
“Risk Factors.” 
The Issuer has based these forward-looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future 
events and financial performance. Although the Issuer’s management believes that the expectations, estimates and projections 
reflected in the forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if 
one or more of the risks or uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements materialise(s), including those 
identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer’s underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, then 
the Issuer’s actual results of operation might vary from those expected, estimated or predicted and those variations might be 
material. 
There might be other risks, including some risks of which the Issuer is unaware, that might adversely affect the 
Group’s results, the Notes or the accuracy of forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus. Therefore, potential 
investors should not consider the factors discussed under “Risk Factors” to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or 
uncertainties of investing in the Notes. 
Potential investors should not place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Without prejudice to any 
requirements under applicable laws, the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date 
of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in 
expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or circumstances upon which any such forward-looking statement is 
based. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus might be provided on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number of QIBs 
under Rule 144A and “accredited investors” (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act) that are 
institutions (“Institutional Accredited Investors”), and to investors within the United States with whom “offshore 
transactions” under Regulation S can be entered into, for informational use solely in connection with the consideration of an 
investment in certain Notes. Its use for any other purpose in the United States or by any U.S. person is not authorised. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to United States persons except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”), and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the securities or “blue sky” 
laws of any state of the United States or any other U.S. jurisdiction. Each investor, by purchasing a Note (or a beneficial 
interest therein), agrees (or will be deemed to agree) that the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be reoffered, resold,

--- Page 8 ---
vii 
pledged or otherwise transferred only upon registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to the exemptions from the 
registration requirements thereof described under “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” Each investor also will be deemed to 
have made certain representations and agreements as described therein. Any resale or other transfer, or attempted resale or 
other attempted transfer, of the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) that is not made in accordance with the transfer 
restrictions may subject the transferor and/or transferee to certain liabilities under applicable securities laws. Furthermore, 
purchasers of IAI Notes (including beneficial interests in IAI Global Notes) will be required to execute and deliver an 
investment letter substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (an “IAI Investment Letter”). 
The Notes (or beneficial interests therein) generally may be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons only if such U.S. persons are either QIBs or Institutional Accredited Investors, in either 
case in registered form and in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, registration under the Securities Act in reliance 
upon Rule 144A, Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or any other applicable exemption. Each investor in Notes that is a 
U.S. person or is in the United States is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to 
it might be being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act 
provided by Rule 144A, Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or (in certain limited circumstances) Regulation S. 
Purchasers of IAI Notes (or beneficial interests therein) will be required to execute and deliver an IAI Investment 
Letter. Each investor in an IAI Note, a Rule 144A Global Note or any Notes issued in registered form in exchange or 
substitution therefor (together “Legended Notes”) will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein), to have made certain representations and agreements as set out in “Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions.” Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in “Form of the Notes.” 
Potential investors that are U.S. persons should note that the Issue Date for a Tranche of Notes may be more than 
two relevant business days (this settlement cycle being referred to as “T+2”) following the trade date of such Notes. Under 
Rule 15c6-l of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), of the United States, a trade in the 
United States in the secondary market generally is required to settle in two business days unless otherwise expressly agreed 
to by the parties at the time of the transaction. Accordingly, investors who wish to trade interests in Notes in the United States 
on the trade date relating to such Notes or the next business day will likely be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes 
initially will likely settle on a settlement cycle longer than T+2, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any 
such trade to prevent a failed settlement. 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) that are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer has 
undertaken in a deed poll dated 5 May 2021 (such deed poll as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the 
“Deed Poll”) that, during any period when it is neither subject to and in compliance with the reporting requirements of a 
Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to and in compliance with 
Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act, it will provide to each holder or beneficial owner of such Notes and to any 
prospective purchaser thereof (as designated by such holder or beneficial owner) the information required to be delivered 
pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act to the extent requested by such a holder, beneficial owner or 
prospective purchaser. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend titled “PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL 
INVESTORS,” then such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to (and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes: (a) “EEA Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) No. 2016/97 (as amended) (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, and (b) the expression 
“offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for such 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein). See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions – Selling Restrictions – Public Offer Selling 
Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation and, where applicable, Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” below. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or otherwise making them available to EEA

--- Page 9 ---
viii 
Retail Investors in the EEA has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or 
otherwise making them available to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA might be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend titled “PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL 
INVESTORS,” then such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to (and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any UK Retail Investor in the United Kingdom. 
For these purposes: (a) “UK Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) of the United Kingdom and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of United 
Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No. 2017/1129 (as amended) as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”), and (b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for such Notes (or beneficial interests therein). See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions – 
Selling Restrictions – United Kingdom” below. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No. 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or otherwise making them available to UK 
Retail Investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling such Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) or otherwise making them available to any UK Retail Investor in the United Kingdom might be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE 
With respect to each issuance of Notes, the Issuer may make a determination about the classification of such Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) for purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”). The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend titled “Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore” that will 
state the product classification of the applicable Notes (and, if applicable, beneficial interests therein) pursuant to 
Section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) shall be “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and “Excluded Investment Products” (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
(the “MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or any such legend included in the relevant Final Terms will 
constitute notice to “relevant persons” for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more of the Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (each a “Stabilisation Manager”) (or Persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) might overallot such Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of an investment in 
such Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail; however, stabilisation might not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action or overallotment might begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, might cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or overallotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
Persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. Notwithstanding 
anything herein to the contrary, the Issuer may not (whether through overallotment or otherwise) issue more Notes than have 
been authorised by the CMB or are permitted under the Programme.

--- Page 10 ---
ix 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
The Bank is required to maintain its books of account and prepare statutory financial statements in accordance with 
the BRSA Principles (such financial statements, including any notes thereto and the independent auditor’s reports thereon, 
the “BRSA Financial Statements”). The Bank’s and the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements are used for determinations of 
the Bank’s and the Group’s compliance with Turkish regulatory requirements established by the BRSA, including for the 
calculation of capital adequacy ratios. All financial statements incorporated by reference herein, including the Bank’s 
consolidated and unconsolidated annual statutory financial statements as of and for each of the years ended 31 December 
2019 (including comparative information for 2018) and 2020 (including comparative information for 2019) (in each case, 
including any notes thereto and the independent auditor’s reports thereon) (the “BRSA Annual Financial Statements”), have 
been prepared and presented in accordance with the BRSA Principles except for the free provisions (which do not meet the 
recognition criteria of Turkish Accounting Standards 37 ‘Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets’) 
recognised by the Bank. Each of the Bank’s consolidated and unconsolidated independent auditor’s reports included in the 
BRSA Annual Financial Statements includes a qualification regarding free provisions recognised as a result of the Bank’s 
prudential approach considering the circumstances that might arise from possible changes in the economy and market 
conditions. See “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Group and its Business - Other Group-Related Risks - Audit 
Qualification.” 
In this Base Prospectus, “BRSA Principles” means the laws relating to the accounting and financial reporting of 
banks in Turkey (including the “Regulation on Accounting Applications for Banks and Safeguarding of Documents” 
published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006, other regulations on the accounting records of banks 
published by the board of the BRSA and circulars and interpretations published by the BRSA) and the requirements of the 
“Turkish Accounting Standards” and “Turkish Financial Reporting Standards” (together, the “Turkish Accounting 
Standards”) issued by the Public Oversight, Accounting and Auditing Standards Authority (in Turkish: Kamu Gözetimi 
Muhasebe ve Denetim Standartları Kurumu) (the “POA”) for the matters that are not regulated by such laws. 
Since 1 January 2018, the Bank’s and the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance 
with Turkish Financial Reporting Standards 9 (Financial Instruments), which are the IFRS 9-compliant financial reporting 
standards of Turkey (“TFRS 9”), and Turkish Financial Reporting Standards 15 (Revenue from Customer Contracts) 
(“TFRS 15”). 
The Group started to apply the Turkish Financial Reporting Standards 16 (Leases) (“TFRS 16”) in its consolidated 
BRSA Financial Statements starting from 1 January 2019. This standard, which abolished the dual accounting model 
previously applied for lessees through recognising finance leases in the balance sheet but not recognising operational leases, 
is applied with a modified retrospective approach that recognises the cumulative effect of initially applying this standard at 
the date of initial application. In this context, comparative information is not restated and thus information for 2019 and later 
periods is not comparable to the information presented for earlier periods; however, this accounting policy change did not 
have a significant impact on the accounting policies, financial position and/or performance of the Group. See notes 3.1 and 
3.14 of the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The Bank’s foreign subsidiaries maintain their books of account and prepare their financial statements in accordance 
with the generally accepted accounting principles and the related rules applicable in the countries in which they operate and, 
while preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group, these are adjusted and classified pursuant to the BRSA 
Principles. 
The BRSA Annual Financial Statements for 2019 (including comparative information for 2018) were audited by 
KPMG Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik Anonim Şirketi (KPMG Turkey) (“KPMG”) whereas the 
BRSA Financial Statements for 2020 were audited, and BRSA Financial Statements for 2021 will be audited or reviewed (as 
applicable), by PwC Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş. (“PwC”). 
The BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein, all of which are in English, were prepared as 
convenience translations of the corresponding Turkish language BRSA Financial Statements (which translations the Bank 
confirms are direct and accurate). The English language BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein were 
not prepared for the purpose of their incorporation by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 11 ---
x 
Except to the extent stated otherwise, the financial data for the Bank included herein have been extracted, without 
material adjustment, from the Bank’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein. Potential investors in the 
Notes should note that this Base Prospectus also includes certain financial information for the Group, which has been 
extracted, without material adjustment, from the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein. Such 
financial information is identified as being of “the Group” in the description of the associated tables or information. Such 
Group financial information is (inter alia) presented in “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations,” “Selected Statistical and Other Information” and “The Group and its Business.” 
Please note that the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein have not been prepared in 
accordance with the international financial reporting standards as adopted by the EU based upon Regulation (EC) 
No. 1606/2002 and that there may be material differences in the financial information had Regulation (EC) 
No. 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial information presented herein. A narrative description of the 
differences between International Financial Reporting Standards, including International Accounting Standards as 
promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board, (collectively, “IFRS”) and the BRSA Principles as 
adopted by the Issuer in preparing its BRSA Annual Financial Statements has been included in Appendix A 
(“Overview of Differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles”). 
Alternative Performance Measures 
To supplement the Bank’s consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements presented (except for the free 
provisions recognised by the Bank as described herein) in accordance with the BRSA Principles, the Bank uses certain ratios 
and measures included (including through incorporation by reference) in this Base Prospectus that might be considered to be 
“alternative performance measures” (each an “APM”) as described in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance 
Measures (the “ESMA Guidelines”) published by ESMA on 5 October 2015. The ESMA Guidelines provide that an APM is 
understood as “a financial measure of historical or future financial performance, financial position, or cash flows, other than a 
financial measure defined or specified in the applicable financial reporting framework.” The ESMA Guidelines also note that 
they do not apply to APMs “disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation, other than the applicable financial reporting 
framework, that sets out specific requirements governing the determination of such measures.” 
Any APMs included in this Base Prospectus are not alternatives to measures prepared in accordance with the BRSA 
Principles and might be different from similarly titled measures reported by other companies. The Bank’s management 
believes that this information, when considered in conjunction with measures reported under the BRSA Principles, is useful 
to investors because it provides a basis for measuring the organic operating performance in the periods presented and 
enhances investors’ overall understanding of the Group’s financial performance. In addition, these measures are used in 
internal management of the Group, along with financial measures reported under the BRSA Principles, in measuring the 
Group’s performance and comparing it to the performance of its competitors. In addition, because the Group has historically 
reported certain APMs to investors, the Bank’s management believes that the inclusion of APMs in this Base Prospectus 
provides consistency in the Group’s financial reporting and thus improves investors’ ability to assess the Group’s trends and 
performance over multiple periods. APMs should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial 
information presented in compliance with the BRSA Principles. APMs as reported by the Bank might not be comparable to 
similarly titled items reported by other companies. 
For the Group, measures that might be considered to be APMs in this Base Prospectus (including pursuant to any 
supplement hereto) (and that are not defined or specified by the BRSA Principles or any other legislation applicable to the 
Group) include (without limitation) the following (such terms being used in this Base Prospectus as defined below): 
average margin: For a particular period, this is: (a) the net interest income before provisions for loan losses 
(including fees and commissions from cash loans) for such period as a percentage of (b) the average interest-earning 
assets for such period. Where such information for a three, six or nine month period is stated as having been 
annualised (including in any supplement hereto), such means that the result of the above calculation has been 
multiplied by four, two or four/thirds, respectively. 
average spread: For a particular period, this is: (a) the average rate of interest earned on interest-earning 
assets for such period minus (b) the average rate of interest accrued on interest-bearing liabilities for such period. 
Where such information for a three, six or nine month period is stated as having been annualised (including in any

--- Page 12 ---
xi 
supplement hereto), such means that the result of the above calculation has been multiplied by four, two or 
four/thirds, respectively. 
average yield: For a particular period, this is: (a) the interest income for such period as a percentage of (b) 
the average interest-earning assets for such period. Where such information for a three, six or nine month period is 
stated as having been annualised (including in any supplement hereto), such means that the result of the above 
calculation has been multiplied by four, two or four/thirds, respectively. Where such information is for a particular 
category of interest-earning assets, such is calculated using such assets only. 
cash loans to customers to deposits (including bank deposits): For a particular period, this is: (a) the cash 
loans to customers for such period as a percentage of (b) the deposits (including bank deposits) for such period. 
cost of risk: For a particular period, this is: (a) the result of: (i) the impairment charge for such period minus
(ii) the recoveries and reversals for such period as a percentage of (b) the average net loans for such period. Where 
such information for a three, six or nine month period is stated as having been annualised (including in any 
supplement hereto), such means that the result of the above calculation has been multiplied by four, two or 
four/thirds, respectively. 
cost-to-income ratio: For a particular period, this is: (a) the total operating expenses (including personnel 
expense but excluding marketable securities impairment expense) for such period as a percentage of (b) the total 
operating income before provisions (including personnel expense but excluding dividend income) for such period. 
deposits to total liabilities ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the total deposits (deposits from banks 
and deposits from customers) as of such date as a percentage of (b) the total liabilities as of such date. 
dividend pay-out ratio: With respect to a particular period, this is: (a) the dividends paid with respect to the 
profit for such period as a percentage of (b) the profit for such period. 
equity to assets ratio: For a particular period, this is: (a) the average shareholders’ equity for such period as 
a percentage of (b) the average total assets for such period. 
loan losses reserves to NPLs ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the Stage III provisions as of such 
date as a percentage of (b) the NPLs as of such date. 
loans (net) to total deposits ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the total loans (net) as of such date as a 
percentage of (b) the total deposits (deposits from banks and deposits from customers) as of such date. 
loans (net) to total assets ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the total loans (net) as of such date as a 
percentage of (b) the total assets as of such date. 
loan-to-value ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the original loan amount of a mortgage loan (or, with 
respect to a pool of mortgage loans, the aggregate of the original value of each of such mortgage loans) as a 
percentage of (b) the appraisal value of the related real property (or, with respect to a pool of mortgage loans, the 
aggregate of the appraisal value of each of the applicable real properties). 
net interest margin: For a particular period, this is: (a) the net interest income for such period before 
provisions for loan losses (and, when calculating for an interim period, the figure is annualised by multiplying the 
net income for the indicated period of such year by 12 divided by the number of months in such period) as a 
percentage of (b) the average interest-earning assets for such period. 
net interest spread: For a particular period, this is: (a) the result of: (i) the interest income (excluding other 
interest income) for such period divided by (ii) the average interest-earning assets for such period minus (b) the 
result of: (i) the interest expense for such period (excluding other interest expense) as a percentage of (ii) the 
average interest-bearing liabilities for such period.

--- Page 13 ---
xii 
NPL ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the NPLs as of such date as a percentage of (b) the loans as of 
such date. The NPL ratio for a particular portfolio of loans (e.g., retail loans or loans to the agricultural sector) is 
determined solely by reference to such portfolio of loans. 
operating expenses to average total assets ratio: For a particular period, this is: (a) the total operating 
expenses (excluding net impairment losses on financial assets) for such period as a percentage of (b) the average 
total assets for such period. 
return on average shareholders’ equity: For a particular period, this is: (a) the profit for such period (and, 
when calculating for an interim period, the figure is annualised by multiplying the net income for the indicated 
period of such year by 12 divided by the number of months in such period) as a percentage of (b) the average 
shareholders’ equity for such period.
return on average total assets: For a particular period, this is: (a) the profit for such period (and, when 
calculating for an interim period, the figure is annualised by multiplying the net income for the indicated period of 
such year by 12 divided by the number of months in such period) as a percentage of (b) the average total assets for 
such period. 
securities to total assets ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the securities consisting of “financial 
assets measured at fair value through profit or loss,” “financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income” and “financial assets measured at amortised cost” as of such date as a percentage of (b) the 
total assets as of such date. 
Stage 2 loans to performing loans ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the Stage 2 loans as of such date 
as a percentage of (b) the total performing loans as of such date. 
Stage 2 loans to total loans ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the Stage 2 loans as of such date as a 
percentage of (b) the total loans as of such date.
yield: For a particular period, this is: (a) the interest income for such period as a percentage of (b) the 
average interest-earning assets for such period. 
See “Summary Financial and Other Information,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations,” “Selected Statistical and Other Information” and “The Group and its Business” for further 
information on certain such calculations. 
For any annualised figures calculated for a year, there can be no guarantee, and the Bank does not represent or 
predict, that actual results for the full year will equal or exceed the annualised figure and actual results might vary materially. 
Reconciliations for certain items listed above (to the extent that any of such items are APMs) to the applicable 
financial statements are not included as they are not required by the ESMA Guidelines in these circumstances, including as a 
result of Article 29 thereof where the items described in the APM are directly identifiable from the financial statements (e.g., 
where an applicable APM is merely a calculation of one item in the financial statements as a percentage of another item in 
the financial statements). 
The following are definitions of certain terms that are used in the calculations of the terms defined above (such 
terms being used in this Base Prospectus as they are defined below except to the extent specifically stated otherwise): 
average interest-bearing liabilities: For a particular period, this is calculated by adding the amount of 
interest-bearing liabilities as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., 
for any calendar year, 31 December of the previous year) and the last day of the applicable period and dividing by 
two. The amount of interest-bearing liabilities as of a particular date is calculated by adding deposits, derivative 
financial liabilities, funds borrowed, money markets borrowings, securities issued (net) and subordinated debt, each 
as of such date.

--- Page 14 ---
xiii 
average interest-earning assets: For a particular period, this is calculated by adding the amount of interest-
earning assets as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any 
calendar year, 31 December of the previous year) and the last day of the applicable period and dividing by two. The 
amount of interest-earning assets as of a particular date is calculated by: (a) adding securities (i.e., securities 
consisting of “financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss,” “financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income” and “financial assets measured at amortised cost,” banks, money market 
placements, reserve requirements and net loans, and then (b) subtracting fund-sourced loans, each as of such date. 
average net loans: For a particular period, this is calculated by adding the balances of loans as of the 
balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 31 December 
of the previous year) and the last day of the applicable period and dividing by two. 
average rate of interest accrued on interest-bearing liabilities: For a particular period, this is: (a) the 
interest expense (excluding other interest expense) for such period divided by (b) the average interest-bearing 
liabilities for such period. Where such information for a three, six or nine month period is stated as having been 
annualised (including in any supplement hereto), such means that the result of the above calculation has been 
multiplied by four, two or four/thirds, respectively. 
average rate of interest earned on interest-earning assets: For a particular period, this is: (a) the interest 
income (excluding other interest income) for such period divided by (b) the average interest-earning assets for such 
period. Where such information for a three, six or nine month period is stated as having been annualised (including 
in any supplement hereto), such means that the result of the above calculation has been multiplied by four, two or 
four/thirds, respectively. 
average shareholders’ equity: For a particular period, this is calculated by adding the amount of 
shareholders’ equity as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for 
any calendar year, 31 December of the previous year) and the last day of the applicable period and dividing by two. 
average total assets: For a particular period, this is calculated by adding the amount of total assets as of the 
balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 31 December 
of the previous year) and the last day of the applicable period and dividing by two. 
investment securities: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income as of such date plus (b) the financial assets measured at amortised cost as of such date. 
NPLs: As of a particular date, this (“NPLs”) is the Stage 3 loans (including cash loans, lease receivables 
and factoring receivables) as of such date. NPLs are determined as per the Classification of Loans and Provisions 
Regulation as more fully described below. 
total operating income before provisions (including personnel expense but excluding dividend income): For 
a particular period, this is the operating income for such period (including personnel expense but excluding dividend 
income) before provisions for such period. 
Currency Presentation and Exchange Rates 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
(a) “Turkish Lira” and “TL” refer to the lawful currency for the time being of Turkey, 
(b) “U.S. dollars,” “US$” and “$” refer to United States dollars, 
(c) “euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended,

--- Page 15 ---
xiv 
(d) “Renminbi” and “RMB” refer to the lawful currency of the PRC, which (for the purposes of this Base 
Prospectus) excludes Hong Kong, the Macao Special Administration Region of the PRC and Taiwan, and 
(e) “Sterling” and “£” refer to British Pounds Sterling. 
No representation is made that the Turkish Lira or U.S. dollar amounts in this Base Prospectus could have been or 
could be converted into U.S. dollars or Turkish Lira, as the case may be, at any particular rate or at all. For a discussion of the 
effects on the Group of fluctuating exchange rates, see “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Group and its Business - Market 
Risks - Foreign Exchange and Currency Risk” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations.” 
Certain Defined Terms, Conventions and Other Considerations in Relation to the Presentation of Information in this 
Base Prospectus 
Reference is made to the “Index of Defined Terms” for the location of the definitions of certain terms defined 
herein. 
In this Base Prospectus, “Bank” or “Issuer” means Türkiye Cumhuriyeti Ziraat Bankası A.Ş. on a standalone basis 
and “Group” means the Bank and its subsidiaries (or, with respect to consolidated accounting information, entities that are 
consolidated into the Bank). 
In this Base Prospectus, the term “law” shall (unless the context otherwise requires) be deemed to include 
legislation, regulations and other legal requirements. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments and, 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables might vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables might not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them. 
All of the information contained in this Base Prospectus concerning the Turkish market and the Bank’s competitors 
has been obtained (and extracted without material adjustment) from publicly available information. Certain information 
under the heading “Book-Entry Clearance Systems” has been extracted from information provided by the Clearing Systems 
referred to therein. Where third-party information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information has 
been identified. The Bank confirms that all such information has been accurately reproduced and, so far as the Bank is aware 
and is able to ascertain from the relevant published information, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing statement, third-party information 
in this Base Prospectus, while believed to be reliable, has not been independently verified by the Bank or any other Person. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legal references and technical terms have been cited in their 
original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. In particular, but 
without limitation, the titles of Turkish applicable laws and the names of Turkish institutions referenced herein have been 
translated from Turkish into English. The translations of these titles and names are direct and accurate. 
All data relating to the Turkish banking sector in this Base Prospectus have been obtained from the website of the 
BRSA at www.bddk.org.tr, the website of the Banks Association of Turkey (in Turkish: Türkiye Bankalar Birliği) (the 
“Banks Association of Turkey”) at www.tbb.org.tr or the website of the Interbank Card Centre (in Turkish: Bankalararası 
Kart Merkezi) at www.bkm.com.tr/bkm, and all data relating to the Turkish economy, including statistical data, have been 
obtained from the website of the Turkish Statistical Institute (in Turkish: Türkiye İstatistik Kurumu) (“TurkStat”) at 
www.turkstat.gov.tr, the website of the Central Bank of Turkey (in Turkish: Türkiye Cumhuriyet Merkez Bankası) (the 
“Central Bank”) at www.tcmb.gov.tr, the website of the Ministry of Treasury and Finance of Turkey (the “Turkish 
Treasury;” where applicable, references to the Turkish Treasury shall be deemed to refer to the Undersecretariat of the 
Treasury, which was restructured to become part of the new Ministry of Treasury and Finance pursuant to Presidential 
Decree No. 1 dated 10 July 2018 published in the Official Gazette) at www.hmb.gov.tr or the website of the European 
Central Bank (the “ECB”) at www.ecb.europa.eu. Such data have been extracted from such websites without material 
adjustment but might not appear in the exact same form on such websites or elsewhere. Such websites do not, and shall not

--- Page 16 ---
xv 
be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are incorporated into, this Base Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
In the case of the presented statistical information, similar statistics might be obtainable from other sources, 
although the underlying assumptions and methodology, and consequently the resulting data, might vary from source to 
source. Where information has been sourced from a third party, such publications generally state that the information they 
contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable but that the accuracy and completeness of such information is 
not guaranteed. 
Information in this Base Prospectus regarding the Bank’s shareholders has been based upon public filings, 
disclosure and announcements by such shareholders.

--- Page 17 ---
xvi 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin, shall be incorporated into, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) the BRSA Annual Financial Statements, 
(b) for so long as Notes issued thereunder and listed by the Issuer remain outstanding, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes contained in the previous base prospectus dated 14 March 2016 (on pages 79 to 114 
(inclusive) thereof) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2016 Conditions”), 
(c) for so long as Notes issued thereunder and listed by the Issuer remain outstanding, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes contained in the previous base prospectus dated 13 March 2017 (on pages 74 to 109 
(inclusive) thereof) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2017 Conditions”), and 
(d) for so long as Notes issued thereunder and listed by the Issuer remain outstanding, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes contained in the previous base prospectus dated 10 March 2020 (on pages 215 to 255 
(inclusive) thereof) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2020 Conditions”). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement to this Base Prospectus might be prepared by the 
Issuer and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in 
any such supplement (or contained in any document (or portions thereof) incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the 
extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document (or portions thereof) that is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy that may affect the assessment of the Notes does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein, all of which are in English, were prepared as 
convenience translations of the corresponding Turkish language BRSA Financial Statements (which translations the Bank 
confirms are direct and accurate). 
Copies of documents incorporated (or portions of which have been incorporated) by reference into this Base 
Prospectus can be obtained without charge from the registered office of the Bank and on the following websites: (a) with 
respect to the BRSA Annual Financial Statements, on the Issuer’s website at https://www.ziraatbank.com.tr/en/investor-
relations/financials/financial-statements-and-auditors-report, (b) with respect to the 2016 Conditions, on the website of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_53a5b0e3-2192-4adf-8aaa-c7ccc1f428a2.PDF, (c) with respect to the 2017 
Conditions, 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_d9beb925-bb98-40e7-8296-ae4c1f383903.PDF, and (d) with respect to the 2020 
Conditions, 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_bb42b869-d830-4837-9298-a23c95680fb7.PDF. 
Any statement contained in a document (or a portion thereof) that is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein or in any other 
document (or, as applicable, relevant portion thereof) incorporated by reference herein, or in any supplement hereto, modifies 
or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Where there is any 
inconsistency between the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the information contained in (or incorporated by 
reference into) the information incorporated by reference herein, the information set out in this Base Prospectus shall prevail. 
The information set out in any part of the documents listed above that is not incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus is either not relevant to prospective investors in the Notes or is set out elsewhere in (including being incorporated

--- Page 18 ---
xvii 
by reference into) this Base Prospectus, in each case, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Except for the documents (or portions thereof) incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus to the extent set 
out on any website referenced in this Base Prospectus, the contents of any website referenced herein do not, and shall not be 
deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. Neither the contents of any website referenced 
in, nor any documents incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus have been scrutinised or approved by the Central 
Bank of Ireland. 
Replacement of 2018 financial information upon inclusion of 2021 BRSA Financial Statements 
Upon (by way of one or more supplement(s) hereto) the last to occur of: (a) the incorporation into this Base 
Prospectus of the Group’s and the Bank’s respective BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2021 and (b) replacements of the sections herein titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations” and “Selected Statistical and Other Information,” the BRSA Financial Statements for the Group or the 
Bank as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019 that are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus shall be 
automatically deleted from, and shall no longer be considered to be incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus; it 
being understood that the financial information as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019 that is included within the 
BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 shall remain so incorporated. Furthermore, at 
such time (the “Annual Update Time”), the financial information with respect to the Group (and of any member thereof) and 
the Bank (including all related amounts, percentages and discussion) relating to 2018 (including comparisons thereof to 2019 
or any other date or period) in this Base Prospectus shall be automatically deleted in its entirety from, and shall thereafter not 
form part of, this Base Prospectus (including, without limitation, in the sections titled “Summary Financial and Other 
Information,” “The Group and its Business,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations” and “Selected Statistical and Other Information”). 
For the purpose of clarification, potential investors in any Notes issued after the Annual Update Time shall not, and 
are not entitled to, rely upon any such financial information with respect to the Group (and any member thereof) or the Bank 
relating to 2018 (including comparisons thereof to 2019 or any other date or period) included within this Base Prospectus as 
in effect prior to the Annual Update Time.

--- Page 19 ---
xviii
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page
General Description of the Programme ....................................................................................................................................... 1
Risk Factors ............................................................................................................................................................................... 11
Use of Proceeds ......................................................................................................................................................................... 52
Summary Financial and Other Information ............................................................................................................................... 54
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .................................................... 57
Selected Statistical and Other Information ................................................................................................................................ 89
The Group and its Business ..................................................................................................................................................... 117
Risk Management .................................................................................................................................................................... 146
Management ............................................................................................................................................................................ 166
Ownership ................................................................................................................................................................................ 172
Related Party Transactions ...................................................................................................................................................... 173
The Turkish Banking Sector .................................................................................................................................................... 174
Turkish Regulatory Environment ............................................................................................................................................ 176
Form of the Notes .................................................................................................................................................................... 205
Form of Applicable Final Terms.............................................................................................................................................. 209
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ......................................................................................................................................... 230
Book-Entry Clearance Systems ............................................................................................................................................... 285
Taxation ................................................................................................................................................................................... 289
Certain Considerations for ERISA and other U.S. Employee Benefit Plans ........................................................................... 298
Subscription and Sale .............................................................................................................................................................. 299
Transfer and Selling Restrictions ............................................................................................................................................. 301
Legal Matters ........................................................................................................................................................................... 316
Enforcement of Judgments and Service of Process ................................................................................................................. 317
Other General Information ....................................................................................................................................................... 319
Index of Defined Terms ........................................................................................................................................................... 322
Appendix A 
Overview of Differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles ......................................................................................... 326

--- Page 20 ---
1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme might not contain all of the information that might be 
important to prospective investors in the Notes. This entire Base Prospectus, including the more detailed information 
regarding the Bank’s business and the financial statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, should be 
read carefully. Investing in the Notes involves risks. The information set forth under “Risk Factors” should be carefully 
considered. Certain statements in this Base Prospectus are forward-looking statements that also involve uncertainties as 
described in “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” 
The Group 
The Bank is a full service commercial and retail banking group historically focused on the agricultural sector, and 
provides a broad range of products and services to more than 36 million corporate, SME, retail and international customers 
across Turkey and select international markets. The Bank’s name has been associated with agriculture in Turkey since 1863. 
The Bank has been a consistent source of financial support for agriculture in Turkey throughout its history and has played a 
substantial role in both the development and the modernisation of the Turkish agricultural sector. Agriculture remains one of 
the core sectors of the Bank’s focus today, although the Bank has, since its establishment, also expanded its business into 
additional sectors. 
The Bank offers its products and services to its customers through an international branch network, which as of 
31 December 2020 included 1,728 domestic branches and 24 foreign branches (the largest international service network of 
any Turkish bank according to data published by the Banks Association of Turkey). The Bank also has subsidiary, other 
affiliate and joint venture operations in Germany, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan, 
Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Georgia and Russia. The Bank’s network includes six subsidiaries in Turkey focused on pension 
portfolio management, securities brokerage, Islamic banking, real estate investment, venture capital investment and 
information technology to complement its core banking business. The two foreign subsidiaries of the Bank, Ziraat Bank 
Montenegro AD and Ziraat Bank Azerbaijan ASC, launched their banking operations in July 2015. The Bank opened a 
branch in Pristina/Kosovo in June 2015. In addition, the Bank established a participation bank, Ziraat Katılım Bankası A.Ş. 
(“Ziraat Participation Bank”), on 29 May 2015 to engage in banking activities in accordance with Islamic principles. 
On 18 July 2016, the Bank’s Marneuli-Georgia sub-branch started its operations. On 19 September 2016, the Sanski 
Most branch of the Bank’s subsidiary Ziraat Bank BH d.d. started its operations. On 1 November 2016, the Bank established 
Ziraat Real Estate Investment Trust, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank. On 28 November 2016, the Bank’s Bahrain 
branch started its operations and, in 2017, the branch operations in Georgia were merged under a new subsidiary bank, JSC 
Ziraat Bank Georgia, which is wholly owned by the Bank. In December 2017, the Bank became the sole shareholder of 
Uzbekistan Turkish Bank JSC (“UTBANK”), which is now operating under the name of Ziraat Bank Uzbekistan JSC. 
The Bank established a venture capital subsidiary in November 2018 (Ziraat Girişim Sermayesi Yatırım 
Ortaklığı A.Ş.) with TL 750 million of initial capital. 
Ziraat Finansal Kiralama A.Ş. (which was engaged primarily in the financial leasing of agricultural machinery, was 
established in Turkey in 1991 and was 100% controlled by the Bank) was merged into Ziraat Participation Bank on 1 March 
2019, reflecting the Group’s strategy to improve efficiency by consolidating Group entities that are engaged in similar 
businesses. 
In 2020, the Bank acquired 33.34% of the shares of Bileşim Finansal Teknolojiler ve Ödeme SIstemleri A.Ş. from 
Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş. (“Halkbank”) as part of Turkey’s “ATM Centre Project,” which aims to achieve common ATM 
services to be provided by state banks. Additionally in 2020, the shares held by the Bank in Türkiye Sigorta A.Ş. 
(representing 99.97% of its share capital as of such date) and Ziraat Hayat ve Emeklilik A.Ş. (representing 99.97% of its 
share capital as of such date) were transferred by the Bank to TVF Finansal Yatırımlar A.Ş. within the context of the 
consolidation of the state-owned insurance and life and private pension companies. 
According to the Banks Association of Turkey and financial statements of Turkish banks, as of 31 December 2020, 
the Bank was the largest bank, and the largest state-owned bank, in Turkey in terms of total assets (TL 942.6 billion), total 
deposits (TL 629.9 billion) and number of branches (1,752). As of the same date, the Bank had 24,673 employees.

--- Page 21 ---
2 
According to data published by the BRSA, the Bank’s market share in Turkey in loans and assets was 15.6% and 
15.4%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020. The Bank’s loans (net) increased to TL 581.9 billion as of 31 December 2020, 
representing a growth rate of 33.8% from TL 435.0 billion as of 31 December 2019, itself increasing by 17.3% from 
TL 370.9 billion as of 31 December 2018. As of 31 December 2020 and according to data published by the BRSA, the Bank 
had a 17.4% market share in the deposit market in Turkey, with total deposits of TL 629.9 billion, representing 66.8% of the 
Bank’s total liabilities, and it was the largest bank in Turkey in terms of Turkish Lira deposits (18.8% market share). The 
Bank had a loans (net) to total deposits ratio (including deposits from banks and from customers) of 92.4% as of 
31 December 2020 (97.3% and 112.0%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019 and 2018). 
For 2020, the Bank’s return on equity (“ROE”) and return on assets were 9.6% and 1.0%, respectively, as compared 
to 9.7% and 1.0%, respectively, for 2019 and 15.2% and 1.6%, respectively, for 2018, while the corresponding rates of return 
for the Turkish banking sector were 11.6% and 1.1%, respectively, in 2020, 11.5% and 1.2%, respectively, in 2019 and 
14.8% and 1.5%, respectively, in 2018. 
The Bank’s share capital is 100% owned by the Turkish government through Turkey’s sovereign wealth fund 
(Türkiye Varlık Fonu) (the “Turkey Wealth Fund”) managed by Türkiye Varlık Fonu Yönetimi A.Ş. (the Turkey Wealth 
Fund Management Company) (“TWFM Company”), which has the right to appoint the members of the Bank’s Board of 
Directors. To support the Bank’s continued growth: (a) on 24 April 2019, the Bank issued to the Turkey Wealth Fund 
€1,400,000,000 of perpetual fixed rate resettable additional tier 1 notes, and (b) on 20 May 2020, the Turkey Wealth Fund 
acquired newly issued shares for TL 7.0 billion. 
Business Divisions - Overview 
The Bank operates through five principal business divisions: SME Banking, Corporate Banking, Retail Banking, 
Treasury-Investment Banking and International Banking, each of which is briefly described below. 
SME Banking. The Bank’s SME Banking operations focus on micro and midcap SMEs and, as of 31 December 
2020, the Bank had 65 SME branches. The principal products and services provided by the Bank to SMEs include deposits, 
investment and working capital loans, non-cash loans (e.g., guarantees and letters of credit), treasury products and cash 
management services. As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s loans (net) to SME borrowers comprised 37.3% of its total loans 
(net). The Bank had approximately 4.5 million SME customers (defined by the Bank as a business with annual turnover of 
less than TL 200 million) as of 31 December 2020. 
Corporate Banking. The Bank’s Corporate Banking operations provide corporate customers with cash and non-cash 
loans, financial services related to import and export transactions, trade finance, project finance, treasury management 
services, international banking services, financial intermediary services and asset management services. As of 31 December 
2020, the Bank had 19 corporate branches. As of the same date, deposits from corporate customers comprised 21.2% of the 
Bank’s total deposits from customers and total loans from corporate customers amounted to TL 185.3 billion, which 
comprised 34.3% of the Bank’s total loans (net). 
Retail Banking. The Bank’s Retail Banking operations offer a broad range of retail banking and financial services to 
its retail customers, including retail loans (including housing and automobile loans), deposit banking, debit card and credit 
card services, payroll accounts, investment accounts, utility and other payment systems. As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s 
total savings deposits (which largely represents deposits from retail customers) represented 26.9% of total deposits and 
amounted to TL 169.4 billion as of such date. As of such date, the Bank’s retail loans represented 29.6% of its total loans 
(net) and the Bank had over 36 million retail customers. 
Treasury-Investment Banking. The Bank’s Treasury-Investment Banking division’s key role is to manage the Bank’s 
assets and liabilities, funding, liquidity risk and trade finance transactions. The Treasury-Investment Banking division, 
including its branches and subsidiaries both local and abroad, centralises the Bank’s asset and liability management 
operations, trading (both customer driven and proprietary) and fixed income portfolio management. Although the Bank’s 
treasury management activities are primarily focused on asset and liability management, the Financial Markets Department 
also generates profits through proprietary trading in foreign exchange and fixed income securities markets. The Bank is also 
one of the 11 primary dealers (market makers) of Turkish government bonds and bills. Investment banking operations and 
asset management of mutual and pension funds are conducted by Ziraat Portföy Yönetim A.Ş.

--- Page 22 ---
3 
International Banking. The Bank’s International Banking operations provide letters of credit, letters of guarantee, 
export and import financing and structured trade financing products, and also support customers in the area of medium and 
long-term capital goods financing under the export credit agency insurance schemes offered by many countries. The Bank’s 
International Banking operations are performed through its 24 foreign branches, one representative office and nine equity 
investments abroad, which (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) numbers 113 service points in total. The foreign branches 
and sub-branches operated by the Bank are located in the United Kingdom, Iraq, Greece, Saudi Arabia, Bulgaria, Kosovo, 
Bahrain and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus. The Bank also has a representative office in Tehran, Iran that is 
dormant as of the date of this Base Prospectus and does not conduct, and is not authorised to conduct, any lending or deposit 
taking activities or money transfer activities. The Bank also serves its international customers through its subsidiaries in 
Germany, Russia, Georgia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan. 
The business address of the Bank’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) and senior management is Hacıbayram 
Mahallesi Atatürk Bulvarı No: 8, 06050 Altındağ, Ankara, Turkey. The telephone number of the Bank is +90 312 584 20 00. 
The Bank’s registration number is 1148. 
For information on the Bank’s credit ratings, see “The Group and its Business - Credit Ratings.” 
Key Strengths 
The Bank’s management believes that the Group has a number of key strengths that enable the Group to compete 
effectively in the Turkish banking sector. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management sees these key 
strengths as being: 
• 
a well-established nationwide franchise, including in underbanked areas, in a growing Turkish market, 
• 
a leading agricultural banking franchise, 
• 
a strong funding structure benefiting from state ownership and expansive franchise, 
• 
an experienced management team, and 
• 
a high asset quality, prudent risk management and solid credit policies and procedures. 
Advantages of being a State-Controlled Bank. The Bank’s management believes that the Group has a number of 
advantages arising from its relationship with the Turkish state. These advantages include: 
• 
an ownership structure that provides the stability of a state-controlled entity as well as the flexibility of a private 
sector institution, 
• 
preferential access to subordinated debt or capital from the Turkish state; it being understood that there is no 
commitment on the part of the Turkish state to provide any such amounts, 
• 
lower cost and more reliable funding from state-controlled entity deposits, and 
• 
state-guaranteed special multinational borrowings from the World Bank, the European Investment Bank (the 
“EIB”), German development bank KfW, the French Development Agency (the “AFD”) and the Council of 
Europe Development Bank (the “CEB”), which borrowings are unconditionally guaranteed by the Turkish 
Treasury.
Strategy 
The Group’s primary corporate strategies are to: 
• 
be a pioneer in the sector with a customer-oriented robust balance sheet and business model, 
• 
provide banking services for everyone as the bank for all of Turkey,

--- Page 23 ---
4 
• 
provide digital solutions to customers by using advanced technologies, 
• 
provide an excellent customer and employee experience by consistently improving processes, 
• 
contribute to employee development and loyalty with learning organisation principles and investments in 
human resources, 
• 
maximise customer satisfaction by producing integrated financial solutions in all countries in which the 
Group operates, and 
• 
integrate environmental and social risk governance principles into the Group’s business model. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should refer to “The Group and its Business — Strategy” for more detail on the 
key strategies outlined above. 
Risk Factors 
Investing in the Notes entails risks. Before investing in the Notes, potential investors should carefully review “Risk 
Factors” below, which sets out certain risks relating to political, economic and legal circumstances, the Turkish banking 
industry, the Group and its business, the Group’s relationship with the Turkish government (which indirectly owns all of the 
Bank’s shares) and the Notes themselves, which risks are organised in appropriate categories and sub-categories as required 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Potential investors in the Notes should not consider the factors discussed under “Risk Factors” 
to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties of investing in the Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
5 
The Programme
The following overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 and does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. This general description only relates to the Conditions of the Notes as set out in this 
Base Prospectus. Notes may be issued under the Programme in a form other than that contemplated in such Conditions, and 
where any such Notes are to be: (a) admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or another regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II or (b) offered to the public in the EEA in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a new prospectus will be prepared and published 
by the Issuer. 
Issuer: ......................................................... 
Türkiye Cumhuriyeti Ziraat Bankası A.Ş.
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): ......... 
213800K5KTZFSUS8MR51
Description: ................................................ 
Global Medium Term Note Programme
Arrangers: .................................................. 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited and/or any other arranger(s) appointed 
from time to time in accordance with the Programme Agreement (each of 
them an “Arranger”).
Dealers: ......................................................
BNP Paribas
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Emirates NBD Bank (P.J.S.C.) 
Goldman Sachs International 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Mizuho International plc 
Société Générale 
Standard Chartered Bank 
and any other Dealer(s) appointed from time to time in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Risk Factors: ..............................................  
There are certain factors that might affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. In addition, there are certain risk factors that are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the 
Notes. For a discussion of certain risk factors relating to Turkey, the Bank 
and the Notes that prospective investors should carefully consider prior to 
making an investment in the Notes, including certain risks relating to the 
structure of particular Series of Notes and certain market risks, see “Risk 
Factors.” 
Certain Restrictions: .................................. 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will 
only be issued in circumstances that comply therewith from time to time (see 
“Transfer and Selling Restrictions”). 
Fiscal Agent: .............................................. 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch

--- Page 25 ---
6 
Programme Size: ........................................ 
Up to US$7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding as of the time of each 
issuance of Notes. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: ............................................... 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or (other than in the United 
States) public placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
Currencies: ................................................. 
Each Series of Notes may be denominated, and payments in respect of each 
Series of Notes may be made, in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, RMB, Japanese 
Yen, Turkish Lira, Norwegian Kroner, Czech Koruna, Romanian Leu, 
Singaporean dollars, Polish Zloty or, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions, any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) and set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Payments of principal and interest on a Note denominated in Turkish Lira 
will (subject to the following paragraph) be made by the Bank in Turkish 
Lira; however, if “USD Payment Election” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable and such Note is not represented by a Global Note 
held by Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) (or a nominee thereof), then the 
holder of such Note (or a beneficial interest therein) may make an irrevocable 
election to receive an individual forthcoming payment in U.S. dollars. See 
Condition 7.8. 
Payments of principal and interest on a Note denominated in a specified 
currency (the “Specified Currency”) other than U.S. dollars for which DTC is 
the clearing system will be made by the Bank in such Specified Currency to 
the Exchange Agent but will be paid (after conversion by the Exchange 
Agent) to the investor(s) in such Note in U.S. dollars; however, if an investor 
wishes to receive such payment in such Specified Currency, then it may make 
an affirmative election to receive payment on such Note in such Specified 
Currency. See Condition 7.9. 
Payment in respect of Notes denominated in Renminbi may be made in U.S. 
dollars if “RMB Currency Event” is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and a RMB Currency Event occurs. See 
Condition 7.11. 
Maturities: .................................................. 
Each Series of Notes will have such maturity as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s), subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws applicable to the Issuer 
or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: ................................................. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price that is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par (for each Tranche of Notes, its “Issue Price”). 
Form of Notes: ........................................... 
Each Series of Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Bearer Notes and vice versa. See “Form of the Notes.”

--- Page 26 ---
7 
Each Series of Notes may be fixed rate notes (“Fixed Rate Notes”), floating 
rate notes (“Floating Rate Notes”) or zero coupon notes (“Zero Coupon 
Notes”). 
Fixed Rate Notes: ....................................... 
For each Series of Fixed Rate Notes, interest will be payable on such Interest 
Payment Date(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) or investor(s) and on redemption and will be calculated on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and such 
Dealer(s) or investor(s). 
Floating Rate Notes: .................................. 
Each Series of Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions (as amended and 
updated as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the 
relevant Series), 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms) appearing on the agreed screen page of a commercial 
quotation service, or 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). 
The margin (if any) relating to a Tranche of Floating Rate Notes will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). Floating 
Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate 
or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s), will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction (as such term is used in Condition 6.6), as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: ................................... 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark Discontinuation - Reference 
Rate Replacement: ........................................ On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event for a Series of Floating Rate Notes 
other than any Series of Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is 
U.S. dollar-denominated LIBOR (“USD LIBOR”) or SOFR and for which 
Condition 6.7(II) is indicated in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Issuer may (subject to certain conditions and following 
consultation with an Independent Adviser) determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(I). 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event for a Series of Floating Rate Notes 
for which the Reference Rate is USD LIBOR or SOFR and for which 
Condition 6.7(II) is indicated in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Benchmark Replacement shall replace the then-current 
Benchmark and, in either case, the applicable Benchmark Replacement

--- Page 27 ---
8 
Adjustment and any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 6.7(II). 
Redemption: ............................................... 
The applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Notes will indicate either that 
such Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or as a result of an acceleration due to an Event of Default) 
or that such Notes also will be redeemable: (a) at the option of the applicable 
Noteholders following a Change of Control and/or (b) at the option of the 
Issuer and/or the applicable Noteholders upon giving notice to the applicable 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) 
and set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Denomination of Notes: ............................. 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) and set out in the 
applicable Final Terms, except that the minimum denomination of each Note 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II 
and/or that are to be offered to the public in a Member State in circumstances 
that would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation will be: (a) such minimum amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any applicable laws and (b) equal to, or greater than, €100,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency as of the applicable Issue Date). 
Notwithstanding the above, and unless set forth in the applicable Final Terms 
otherwise, IAI Definitive Notes and beneficial interests in IAI Global Notes 
will be issued only in minimum denominations of US$500,000 and integral 
multiples of US$1,000 in excess thereof (or its approximate equivalent in the 
applicable Specified Currency at the applicable Issue Date). 
Taxation; Payment of Additional 
Amounts: .................................................... 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes (including with 
respect to the Coupons, if any) by (or on behalf of) the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, levies, assessments or governmental charges (including related 
interest and penalties) of whatever nature (“Taxes”) imposed, assessed or 
levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will (subject to certain 
exceptions) pay such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes 
or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts that would have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, 
as the case may be, in the absence of the withholding or deduction. See 
“Taxation – Certain Turkish Tax Considerations” and Condition 9.1. 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to FATCA, as provided in Condition 7.1; it 
being understood that, in accordance with Condition 9.1, in no event will the 
Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other Person be required to pay any 
Additional Amounts or other amounts in respect of the Notes (including on 
Coupons) for, or on account of, any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
Negative Pledge: ........................................ 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further

--- Page 28 ---
9 
described in Condition 4. 
Certain Covenants: .................................... 
The Conditions (except, for any Series, as altered in the Final Terms for such 
Series) provide that the Bank agrees to certain covenants, including covenants 
limiting transactions with affiliates. See Condition 5. 
Events of Default: ...................................... 
The Conditions (except, for any Series, as altered in the Final Terms for such 
Series) provide that the Notes will be subject to certain Events of Default, 
including (among others) non-payment, breach of obligations, cross-
acceleration and certain bankruptcy and insolvency events. See Condition 11. 
Status of the Notes: .................................... 
The Notes and Coupons will (except, with respect to any Series, to the extent 
provided otherwise in a supplement to the Agency Agreement, for which a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus might be prepared or a further prospectus 
issued) be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions 
of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank 
pari passu without any preference or priority among themselves and with all 
other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or 
similar event relating to the Issuer, only to the extent permitted by applicable 
laws relating to creditors’ rights. 
Rating: ........................................................ 
The Programme has been rated “B+” (for long-term issuances) and “B” (for 
short-term issuances) by Fitch and “B2” (for long-term issuances) and “Not 
Prime” (for short-term issuances) by Moody’s. The “Ratings Definitions” of 
Fitch describe this rating as indicating that: (a) material default risk is present 
but a limited margin of safety remains and (b) financial commitments of the 
Issuer are currently being met; however, capacity for continued payment is 
vulnerable to deterioration in the business and economic environment. 
Moody’s “Rating Symbols and Definitions” defines this rating as reflecting 
an obligation that is speculative and subject to high credit risk. 
Series of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
the initial such rating(s) will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating (if any) assigned to the 
Programme by the relevant rating agency. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
ERISA: ....................................................... 
Subject to certain conditions, the Notes may be invested in by an “employee 
benefit plan” as defined in and subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), of the United States, a 
“plan” as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or any entity 
whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing. See 
“Certain Considerations for ERISA and other U.S. Employee Benefit Plans.” 
Listing and Admission to Trading: ............ 
An application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued during the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to 
the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
Notes of a Series may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). Notes that are neither 
listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. The Final 
Terms for a Tranche will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be 
listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) and/or

--- Page 29 ---
10 
market(s). 
Governing Law: ......................................... 
The Notes, the Agency Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant and the Deed Poll, and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection therewith, are or will be (as applicable) governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: ................................... 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) in (inter alia) Turkey, the United States, the EEA (including 
Belgium), the United Kingdom, the PRC, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan, 
Canada and Switzerland, and there will be such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes. See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
United States Selling Restrictions: ............ 
Regulation S (Category 2), Rule 144A and Section 4(a)(2). Bearer Notes with 
a term of greater than one year will be issued in compliance with rules 
identical 
to 
those 
provided 
in: 
(a) 
U.S. 
Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) 
(“TEFRA D”) 
or 
(b) 
U.S. 
Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (“TEFRA C”) such that the Bearer Notes will 
not constitute “registration-required obligations” under Section 4701(b) of the 
Code, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such rules impose certain 
additional restrictions on transfers of Bearer Notes (or, for Bearer Global 
Notes, beneficial interests therein).

--- Page 30 ---
11
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves risk. Investors in the Notes assume the risk that the Issuer might become 
insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors that 
individually or together might result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. It is not 
possible to identify all such factors or (other than the most material within each category of risks) to rank their materiality as 
the Issuer might not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors that it currently deems not to be material might 
become material as a result of the occurrence of future events of which the Issuer does not have knowledge as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors that might materially adversely 
affect its ability to make payments due under the Notes. 
In addition, factors identified by the Issuer that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with the Notes are also described below. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in (or incorporated by 
reference into) this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision relating to the 
Notes; however, the Issuer does not represent that the risks set out herein are exhaustive or that other risks might not arise in 
the future. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult with appropriate professional advisers to make their own legal, 
tax, business and financial evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in the Notes. 
As a large national Turkish bank, the Issuer’s business is significantly impacted by the condition of the Turkish 
economy, which itself is significantly influenced by Turkish political circumstances and global economic conditions 
(particularly in those countries with whom Turkey has a material trading relationship). The category of risk factors entitled 
“Risks Relating to Turkey” below describes the material risks relating to Turkey that the Issuer’s management has identified 
as potentially having a material impact on the Issuer, including those impacting materially on its business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations and thus on its ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes. In addition to the 
macroeconomic conditions relating to Turkey, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations, and thus its 
ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, are also subject to significant risks specific to the Group, including the 
ones discussed in the category of risk factors entitled “Risks Relating to the Group and its Business” below. Prospective 
investors in the Notes should also consider risks relating to the structure of, and market for, the Notes, the material ones of 
which that have been identified by the Issuer’s management are described in the category of risk factors entitled “Risks 
Relating to the Notes” below. 
It is important to note that the exposure of the Group’s business to a market downturn in Turkey or the other markets 
in which it operates, or any other risks, might exacerbate or trigger other risks that the Group faces. For example, if the Group 
incurs substantial losses due to an economic downturn in Turkey, then its need for liquidity and/or capital might rise sharply 
while its access to such liquidity and/or capital might be impaired. In addition, in conjunction with an economic downturn, 
the Group’s customers might incur substantial losses of their own, thereby weakening their financial condition and increasing 
the credit risk of the Group’s exposure to such customers. As such, the below risks should be understood in the context that 
more than one might apply concurrently and compound any adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations.
Risks Relating to Turkey 
The most material risk to the Issuer’s ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes is that its business, 
including its loan portfolio, deposit base and government securities holdings, is concentrated in Turkey. In addition, the 
Group’s non-Turkish business and assets (including the business and assets of the Group’s non-Turkish subsidiaries) are 
largely related to Turkey, such as being related to Turkish customers, exports and imports. 
The Group’s business is significantly dependent upon its customers’ desire to borrow money from the Group and 
their ability to meet their obligations to the Group and deposit funds with the Group, all of which is materially impacted by 
the strength of the Turkish economy. A slowdown or downturn in the Turkish economy because of, among other factors, 
inflation, an increase in domestic interest rates, a decrease in consumer demand, an increase in unemployment or changes in 
exchange rates for the Turkish Lira might reduce the demand for the Group’s services and products, negatively impact the 
ability of the Group’s customers to meet their obligations to the Group and/or decrease the amount of deposits held at the 
Group.

--- Page 31 ---
12 
Accordingly, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations are significantly subject to the 
political and economic conditions prevailing in Turkey, the Turkish regulatory environment and other conditions relating to 
Turkey. These principal sub-categories of the risks relating to Turkey are set out in “-Political Conditions,” “-Economic 
Conditions” and “-Turkish Regulatory and Other Matters” below. 
Political Conditions 
The political circumstances in Turkey have had (and will continue to have) a material influence on the Turkish 
economy, which in turn have resulted (and will continue to result) in material impacts on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. These conditions include (inter alia) domestic political events, Turkey’s relationship 
with other nations, internal and regional conflicts and the regulatory framework. The political conditions that the Issuer’s 
management has identified as having a material impact on the Issuer, including on its ability to make payments due in respect 
of the Notes, are set out in this section. 
Political Developments – Political developments in Turkey might negatively affect the Group’s business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations 
Negative changes in Turkey’s domestic and/or international political circumstances, including the inability of the 
Turkish government to devise or implement appropriate economic programmes and the level of investor confidence in 
Turkey’s economic programmes and governance, might adversely affect the stability of the Turkish economy and, in turn, the 
Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Unstable coalition governments have been common, and 
Turkey has had numerous, short-lived governments, with political disagreements frequently resulting in early elections, 
which has resulted in political and economic uncertainty. 
The Turkish political environment has been particularly volatile, specifically following an attempted coup on 
15 July 2016 by a group within the Turkish army. Following the coup attempt, including during a two year state of 
emergency implemented by the government, the government has: (a) initiated legal proceedings against numerous institutions 
(including schools, universities, hospitals, associations and foundations), some of which were closed down, (b) arrested, 
discharged or otherwise limited thousands of members of the military, the judiciary and the civil service, (c) restricted media 
outlets and (d) otherwise taken actions in response to the coup attempt, including expansion of these actions to members of 
the business community and the journalism sector. The political circumstances following the attempted coup, its aftermath or 
any other political developments might have a negative impact on the Turkish economy (including the value of the Turkish 
Lira, international investors’ willingness to invest in Turkey and domestic demand), Turkey’s relationships with the EU, the 
United States and/or other jurisdictions, the institutional (including as a result of arrests, suspension or dismissal of a number 
of individuals working in the public sector) and regulatory framework, the Bank’s and/or the Group’s business, results of 
operations and/or conditions (financial or otherwise) and/or the market price of an investment in the Notes. 
In a referendum held on 16 April 2017, the majority of the votes cast approved proposed amendments to certain 
articles of the Turkish Constitution, including replacing the existing parliamentary system of government with an executive 
presidency and a presidential system. In elections held on 24 June 2018, President Erdoğan received approximately 53% of 
the votes, being re-elected as the President, and the Justice and Development Party (Adalet ve Kalkınma Partisi (the “AKP”)), 
the President’s party, and the Nationalist Movement Party (Milliyetçi Hareket Partisi) (MHP), which formed the “People’s 
Alliance” bloc with the AKP, together received sufficient votes to hold a majority of the seats in Parliament. As of 9 July 
2018, the parliamentary system was transformed into a presidential one and President Erdoğan thus now holds the additional 
powers granted to the President pursuant to the referendum described above. 
On 9 July 2018, President Erdoğan announced the new ministers of his cabinet, which included the appointment of 
the former minister of Energy and Natural Resources and his son-in-law, Berat Albayrak, as the minister of Treasury and 
Finance. On 10 July 2018, President Erdoğan issued a decree: (a) empowering the President to appoint: (i) the governor of 
the Central Bank, whereas the Council of Ministers had the authority to appoint the governor of the Central Bank in the 
parliamentary system, and (ii) the deputy governors of the Central Bank, whereas this appointment was previously made by 
the Council of Ministers among the candidates suggested by the governor of the Central Bank, (b) removing the previous 
requirement for deputy governors of the Central Bank to have at least ten years of professional experience and (c) shortening 
the office term of the governor and the deputy governors of the Central Bank to four years from five years (in any case, the 
governor’s term of office is limited to the term of the President who is on duty at the date of the appointment of such 
governor). On 6 July 2019, the governor of the Central Bank was removed from his post by a Presidential Decree and, on the

--- Page 32 ---
13 
same day, President Erdoğan appointed Mr. Murat Uysal, one of the Central Bank’s then-deputy governors, as the new 
governor of the Central Bank. This was followed on 9 August 2019 by the board of the Central Bank, as part of its 
reorganisation, removing from office its chief economist and some other high-ranking officials. On 8 November 2020, 
Mr. Albayrak resigned from his position as Minister of Treasury and Finance and was promptly replaced by Mr. Lutfi Elvan, 
a former Minister of Transport, Maritime and Communication. Following the depreciation of the Turkish Lira to its weakest 
value to date (exceeding TL 8.5 per U.S. dollar), the governor of the Central Bank was replaced by a Presidential Decree on 
7 November 2020 and then (on 20 March 2021) was replaced again after a series of rate increases. The dismissal of Mr. Naci 
Ağbal, the then-governor of the Central Bank on 20 March 2021, led to a negative market reaction, with investors’ sales of 
certain Turkish assets leading to the value of the Borsa İstanbul 100 stock index declining by 9.6% in a week and the Turkish 
Lira depreciating by 9.9% against the U.S. dollar (from TL 7.27 per U.S. dollar before the dismissal of the governor to 
TL 7.99 per U.S. Dollar) during the same period. Any failure of the Central Bank and/or the Turkish Treasury to implement 
effective policies might adversely affect the Turkish economy and thus have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Municipal elections were held on 31 March 2019, as a result of which the AKP lost control of several major cities, 
including İstanbul, Ankara and Antalya; however, the AKP claimed election fraud in, and requested to repeat the elections in, 
İstanbul. On 6 May 2019, the Supreme Election Board ordered a revote for İstanbul mayor in an election to be held on 
23 June 2019. In the revote, Mr. Ekrem İmamoğlu, the CHP’s candidate who had been declared the winner of the 31 March 
2019 elections and had been installed as mayor until the revote decision of the Supreme Election Board, increased his 
majority to 54.21% and he was reinstalled as mayor on 27 June 2019. 
In addition to domestic events, there has been recent political tension between Turkey and the EU, certain members 
of the EU and the United States. With respect to the EU, see “-Relationship with the European Union” below. With respect to 
the United States, various recent events have impacted the relationship. For example, on 8 October 2017, the United States 
suspended all non-immigrant visa services for Turkish citizens in Turkey following the arrest of an employee of the United 
States consulate in İstanbul. On the same date, Turkey responded by issuing a statement that restricted the visa application 
process for United States citizens. While visa services have since resumed to normal, relations between the two countries 
remain strained on various topics, including: (a) the conflicts against the self-proclaimed jihadist Islamic State (“ISIS”) and in 
Syria (as described further below), (b) relationships with Iran, (c) the October 2019 U.S. federal indictment of state-
controlled bank Halkbank asserting violations of U.S. sanctions on Iran and (d) Turkey’s December 2017 entry into a 
contract with Russia for the purchase of S-400 missile defence systems (including, with respect to clauses (b) and (d), as 
described further below). Following the U.S. election held on 3 November 2020, a new administration took office on 
20 January 2021. On 24 April 2021, U.S. President Biden referred to the World War I death of Armenians in the Ottoman 
empire as genocide, which might negatively contribute to Turkey’s relationship with the United States. It is uncertain 
whether the positions that the new administration might take with respect to Turkey, including relating to any of the above-
mentioned topics (including potential additional sanctions), might materially alter the relationship between Turkey and the 
United States. 
On 1 August 2018, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury (“OFAC”) took action 
targeting Turkey’s Minister of Justice and Minister of Interior, indicating that these Ministers played leading roles in the 
organisations responsible for the arrest and detention of American pastor Andrew Brunson. Following such action, Turkey 
imposed reciprocal sanctions against two American officials. On 10 August 2018, the President of the United States stated 
that he had authorised higher tariffs on steel and aluminium imports from Turkey. On 15 August 2018, Turkey retaliated by 
increased tariffs on certain imports from the United States, such as cars, alcohol and tobacco. These actions contributed to a 
decline in the value of the Turkish Lira, which fell to a record low (exceeding TL 7.2 per U.S. dollar in the week ended 
12 August 2018) before strengthening to TL 5.3 as of 31 December 2018, due to various reasons, including the higher than 
expected interest rate hike (625 basis points) by the Central Bank on 13 September 2018, improving relations between 
Turkey and the United States following the release of Mr. Brunson on 12 October 2018 and the 2 November 2018 removal of 
the sanctions imposed upon the two Turkish ministers and reciprocal sanctions imposed by Turkey. 
On 5 November 2018, in an effort to constrain Iran’s nuclear programme, the United States reinstated United States 
sanctions on Iran that had been removed in 2015 as part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, a multilateral treaty 
signed with Iran on 14 July 2015 on the Iranian nuclear programme (the “Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action”), including 
certain sanctions imposed upon the Iranian financial and energy sector and some imports from Iran, including (after a short 
exemption period that has since expired) Turkey’s import of Iranian oil. The impact of this action, including any additional 
costs that might be borne by Turkish importers of oil (and thus on the country’s current account deficit) or any sanctions that

--- Page 33 ---
14 
might be imposed for violations of these requirements and/or Turkey’s relationship with Iran, might have a material negative 
impact on the Turkish economy and thus have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. 
In December 2017, Turkey entered into a contract with Russia for the purchase of S-400 missile defence systems, 
the first shipments of which were received on 12 July 2019. As a result, Turkey was excluded from NATO’s F-35 stealth 
fighter jet programme on 17 July 2019. On 11 December 2020, the U.S. Congress passed (on a bipartisan basis) an annual 
defense spending bill that included a requirement that (within 30 days from enactment) sanctions be imposed by the U.S. 
administration upon Turkey in connection with Turkey’s purchase of the S-400 missile defence systems and, on 14 December 
2020, the U.S. administration announced sanctions on Turkey’s Presidency of Defence Industries (the “SSB”) and its 
president and other senior officers pursuant to Section 231, widely known as CAATSA (the Countering America’s 
Adversaries Through Sanctions Act), for Turkey’s continued possession of the Russian S-400 missile defence system. The 
imposed sanctions include: (a) a ban on all U.S. export licenses and authorisations to the SSB and (b) an asset freeze and visa 
restrictions on the SSB’s president and other SSB officers. While such sanctions were less impactful than others that were 
available to be imposed and did not have a material impact on Turkish markets, it is uncertain if any other NATO member 
will impose any sanctions or other measures (or if the U.S. will impose additional sanctions or other measures) against 
Turkey and, if imposed, how such might impact the Turkish economy and/or the relationship between Turkey and any other 
NATO member. 
In October 2019, the Turkish military, following a pullback by the United States of its presence in northern Syria, 
commenced military operations to create a “safe zone” in northern Syria in an effort to enhance Turkey’s border security. As 
this territory was largely held by the People’s Protection Units (YPG) in Syria, which had assisted the U.S. in the fight 
against ISIS but that Turkey designates as a terrorist organisation and believes is affiliated with the Kurdistan Worker’s Party 
(the “PKK”) (an organisation that is listed as a terrorist organisation by various states and organisations, including Turkey, 
the EU and the United States), significant conflict in the region might occur. In addition to objections raised by Syria, Iran 
and Russia to this military activity, the United States (inter alios) has taken certain actions (including sanctions on three 
Turkish ministers and the ministries of defense and energy, though such sanctions were lifted quickly upon an agreement for 
a pause of operations by Turkey’s military) and might impose additional sanctions upon Turkish military personnel, political 
figures and/or entities and/or take other actions that might negatively impact the Turkish economy and/or Turkey’s 
relationship with the United States (in fact, both the U.S. House of Representatives and the Foreign Relations Committee of 
the U.S. Senate in late 2019 passed bipartisan approvals for sanctions (including, without limitation, freezing assets of senior 
Turkish officials, banning arms transfers to the country, imposing sanctions on Halkbank and potentially imposing fees and 
penalties on Turkish financial institutions who are found to have knowingly facilitated certain transactions relating to 
Turkey’s military operations in Syria)). While Turkey has entered into separate agreements with the United States and Russia 
that aim to achieve multi-party agreement on this “safe zone,” the parties might disagree about the implementation of these 
agreements and/or the parties’ adherence to their terms. 
On 27 November 2019, the Turkish government signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Libya’s Government 
of National Accord to recognise a shared maritime boundary in the Mediterranean running from Southwestern Turkey to 
northeastern Libya. This was further supported by a separate agreement signed in order to expand security and military 
cooperation between the two countries. A number of countries raised objections to this agreement with Libya. On 2 January 
2020, the military resolution was accepted by the Turkish parliament and a small contingent of Turkish troops was deployed 
in (and arms shipped to) Libya. On the same date, Greece, Israel and Cyprus signed an agreement for a new undersea pipeline 
that would carry gas from offshore deposits in the southeastern Mediterranean to continental Europe, which might constrain 
Turkey’s efforts to explore for and subsequently develop offshore gas reserves in the region. 
In October 2020, conflict broke out between Armenia and Azerbaijan over the disputed territory of Nagorno-
Karabakh. Turkey has supported the efforts by Azerbaijan, which again puts it in conflict with Russian interests. 
The above-mentioned events, future elections and/or other political circumstances might: (a) result in the volatility 
of Turkish financial markets, have an adverse effect on investors’ perception of Turkey and/or have an adverse effect on 
Turkey’s ability to support economic growth and manage domestic social conditions, (b) result in (or contribute to) a 
deterioration of the relationship between Turkey and the EU, certain members of the EU, the United States, Russia and/or 
other countries and/or (c) have an adverse impact on the Turkish economy or Turkish institutions, any of which in turn might 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations and/or on the market 
price of an investment in the Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
15 
Terrorism and Conflicts – Turkey and its economy are subject to external and internal unrest and the threat of terrorism 
Turkey is located in a region that has been subject to ongoing political and security concerns, including political 
instability and frequent incidences of violence in a number of countries in the Middle East and North Africa. In particular, the 
on-going conflicts in Syria and against ISIS have been the subject of significant international attention and conditions in the 
region remain volatile. Unrest in these countries might affect Turkey’s relationships with its neighbours, have political 
implications both within Turkey and in its relationship with other countries and/or have a negative impact on the Turkish 
economy, including through both financial markets and the real economy. Such impacts might occur (inter alia) through the 
significant movement of Syrian refugees (including through Turkey into the EU), a lower flow of foreign direct investment 
into Turkey, capital outflows and/or increased volatility in the Turkish financial markets. 
In connection with the conflicts in Syria, there have been military and civilian hostilities in both directions across the 
Syrian-Turkish border followed by the above-described commencement by the Turkish military to establish a “safe zone” in 
northern Syria, which might have political repercussions both within Turkey and in its relationship with the United States, 
Russia, Syria, Iran and/or other countries and/or have an adverse impact on the Turkish economy. See “-Political 
Developments” above. The conflict with the PKK, which has intensified since 2015, also might (inter alia) negatively impact 
the Turkish economy and/or Turkey’s relationship with the United States. 
As also discussed in “-Political Developments” above, the Turkish military commenced military operations in 
northern Syria in October 2019. This engagement expanded, including in particular around Idlib, and has resulted in many 
Turkish casualties and increased direct conflicts between the Turkish and Syrian militaries. Although Turkey and Russia 
reached a ceasefire agreement in March 2020 that has since reduced the level of conflict, a permanent diplomatic solution has 
not yet been reached and it is possible that this conflict might escalate further, including resulting in further conflicts with 
Russia and/or other nations. The recent conflicts in Nagorno-Karabakh described in “-Political Developments” also might 
contribute to further disagreements between Turkey and Russia. 
The above (or similar) circumstances have had and might continue to have a material adverse effect on the Turkish 
economy and thus on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations, including as a result of reduced 
revenues from tourism following heightened insecurity and any deterioration in the relationship between Turkey and the 
United States, Russia and/or other countries (including any sanctions or other governmental actions). 
Relationship with the European Union – Uncertainties relating to Turkey’s relationship with the European Union might 
adversely affect the Turkish financial markets and result in greater volatility 
Turkey has had a long-term relationship with the EU. In 1963, Turkey signed an association agreement with the EU, 
and a supplementary agreement was signed in 1970 providing for a transitional second stage of Turkey’s integration into the 
EU. Turkey has been a candidate country for EU membership since the Helsinki European Council of December 1999. The 
EU resolved on 17 December 2004 to commence accession negotiations with Turkey and affirmed that Turkey’s candidacy to 
join the EU was to be judged by the same 28 criteria (or “Chapters”) applied to other candidates. These criteria require a 
range of political, legislative and economic reforms to be implemented. 
Although Turkey has implemented various of these reforms and has continued harmonisation efforts with the EU, 
the relationship between the EU and Turkey has at times been strained, including due to the passage of Syrian and other 
refugees through Turkey into the EU. The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe voted on 25 April 2017 to 
restart monitoring Turkey in connection with human rights, the rule of law and the state of democracy and officials of the EU 
and certain of its member states have since made various references about the suspension of negotiations for Turkey’s 
potential membership in the EU. On 15 July 2019, the EU adopted certain measures against Turkey over Turkey’s drilling for 
gas in waters off Cyprus, including reducing certain funding (including loans via the European Investment Bank) and the 
suspension of high level communications and of the negotiations for a comprehensive air transport agreement. On 
11 November 2019, the EU adopted a framework for imposing sanctions on individuals or entities responsible for, or 
involved in, these drilling activities and, in February 2020, instituted sanctions against two executives of the Turkish drilling 
company. More recently, tensions have increased between Turkey and France, including due to differing interests in the 
conflict in Libya. Tensions have also risen between Greece and Turkey relating to disputed claims over Mediterranean 
waters, particularly in areas around Cyprus in which significant hydrocarbon reserves have been discovered. In October 2020, 
both France and Greece asked the EU to consider suspending the bloc’s customs union agreement with Turkey and, on 
26 November 2020, the European Parliament passed a non-binding resolution calling for sanctions on Turkey. On

--- Page 35 ---
16 
11 December 2020, EU leaders agreed to impose sanctions against unspecified individuals and entities involved in activities 
related to the disputed waters, with the identity of these individuals and sanctions to be named shortly thereafter, and noted 
that further sanctions might be imposed in early 2021; however, in March 2021, EU leaders decided to postpone these plans 
in light of increased diplomatic activity. Any decision by the EU to abolish or limit the customs union with Turkey, end 
Turkey’s EU accession bid or impose additional sanctions on Turkey might result in (or contribute to) a deterioration of the 
relationship between Turkey and the EU and have material negative impacts on Turkey’s economy. 
These circumstances might result in (or contribute to) a deterioration of the relationship between Turkey and the EU 
and/or certain of its member states. There can be no assurance that the EU or Turkey will continue to maintain an open 
approach to Turkey’s EU membership or that Turkey will be able to meet all the criteria applicable to becoming an EU 
member state. In the event of a loss of market confidence as a result of deterioration, suspension or termination in Turkey’s 
EU accession discussions or any other international relations between Turkey and the EU (or any of its member states), the 
Turkish economy might be adversely affected, which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. 
Economic Conditions 
As a large national bank in Turkey, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations are 
significantly dependent upon the economic conditions in Turkey. In addition to domestic influences on the strength of 
Turkey’s economy, Turkey’s economy has been and will continue to be significantly impacted by a number of external 
factors, including (inter alia) the economic conditions of Turkey’s primary trading partners, external fund flows, international 
trade, interest rate and other actions by the U.S. Federal Reserve and the ECB, geopolitical tensions and fiscal, regulatory and 
other actions by other governments. These and other factors might have a material adverse impact on international financial 
markets and/or economic conditions, which, in turn, might result in a material adverse effect on the Turkish economy and 
thereby might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. In 
addition, these factors might disrupt payment systems, money markets, long-term and short-term fixed income markets, 
foreign exchange markets, commodities markets and equity markets, including adversely affecting the cost and availability of 
funding for the Group. 
In recent years, Turkey’s gross domestic product (“GDP”) growth rates have been volatile. The GDP growth was 
6.1% in 2015 and 3.2% in 2016; however, the Turkish economy recorded a robust growth of 7.5% in 2017, fuelled by a 
combination of government support and improving macroeconomic conditions. While 2018 started in similar fashion, there 
was a marked slowdown in growth in the second half of 2018 due to significant volatility in foreign exchange rates and 
increases in interest rates, particularly in the third quarter. With negative growth of 2.8% in the final quarter of 2018, the 
Turkish economy only grew by 2.8% in 2018. The first two quarters of 2019 also experienced negative GDP growth, though 
growth in the second half of the year recovered, resulting in a positive growth in GDP of 0.9% during 2019. In the first three 
months of 2020, GDP increased by 4.5% compared to the same period of the previous year; however, GDP sharply decreased 
by 9.9% in the second quarter of the year driven by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. GDP then returned to strong 
growth in the third and fourth quarters of 2020, which growth was supported by an increase in investments and household 
consumption. As a result, and notwithstanding the pandemic’s continuing impact both on Turkey and globally resulting from 
the precautions (such as curfews, travel restrictions, factory closures and restrictions on public gatherings) taken to minimise 
the transmission of COVID-19, GDP increased by 1.8% during 2020. It should be noted that these GDP results are in 
inflation-adjusted Turkish Lira terms and, as the exchange rate of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar varies (in some 
years, significantly), these reported changes in GDP would have been different (in some years, significantly) were they 
determined in U.S. dollar terms (e.g., in 2020, the Turkish Lira depreciated by 23.6% against the U.S. dollar, which greatly 
exceeded the year’s GDP increase even without adjusting for inflation, resulting in a significant decline in the Turkish GDP 
in U.S. dollar terms). Growth in 2021 might be similarly negatively impacted, particularly until adequate community 
vaccination rates are achieved. This weak growth has negatively impacted the Bank and further weak (or even negative) 
growth in GDP is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition, including through a deterioration in the asset quality of the Group’s growing loan portfolio and/or the increasing 
formation of NPLs (particularly in industries, such as tourism and retail, that have been disproportionately impacted by the 
precautions taken to minimise the transmission of COVID-19) (see “-COVID-19”). 
Government actions to stimulate the Turkish economy might increase the government debt and budget deficit levels, 
which might in turn contribute adversely to the country’s economic stability. The debt of the Turkish government and 
corporates, both of which significantly rely directly or indirectly upon financing from international creditors, has been

--- Page 36 ---
17 
increasing whereas the Central Bank’s reserves have recently been declining to levels that might require the Turkish 
government and corporate borrowers to be dependent upon continued access to external funding in order to refinance 
upcoming debt payments. 
It is important to note that the Group’s banking and other businesses are significantly dependent upon its customers’ 
ability to make payments on their loans and meet their other obligations to the Group. If the Turkish economy suffers because 
of any of the factors described above or any other reason, then this might increase the number of the Group’s customers who 
are not able to repay loans when due or meet their other obligations to the Group or who seek to restructure their loans, which 
would increase the Group’s past due loan portfolio, require the Group to reserve additional provisions and/or reduce its net 
profit/(loss) and capital levels. In addition, volatility in the international or Turkish financial markets and/or economy and/or 
any tightening in credit conditions might result in decreased demand for the Group’s products and services, increased 
borrowing costs (including due to increased competition for deposits) and reduced, or no, access to capital markets. The 
occurrence of any or all of the above might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations, including a decline in its net interest income and/or decreases in the Group’s fees and commission 
income. 
The economic conditions that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on the Issuer, and 
thus potentially on its ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, are set out in this sub-category. 
Turkish Economy – The Turkish economy is subject to significant macroeconomic risks 
Since the early 1980s, the Turkish economy has undergone a transformation from a highly protected and regulated 
system to a more open market system. Although the Turkish economy has generally responded positively to this 
transformation, it has experienced severe macroeconomic imbalances, including significant current account deficits, high 
rates of interest, significant currency volatility and persistent unemployment. In addition, the Turkish economy remains 
vulnerable to both external and internal shocks, including volatility in oil prices, changing investor opinion, outbreaks of 
disease (e.g., SARS and the COVID-19 coronavirus) and natural events such as earthquakes. For example, the impact of the 
COVID-19 coronavirus on the global economy (including precautions taken to minimise transmission, including travel 
restrictions, the closure of factories and restrictions on public gatherings) has increased risks to global growth and financial 
markets. See “-COVID-19” below. Global macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties, slowdown in capital flows to 
emerging markets and an increasingly protectionist approach to global foreign trade also continue to negatively affect the 
Turkish economy. 
Domestic macroeconomic factors, including the current account deficit, high levels of unemployment (13.4% as of 
February 2021), high levels of inflation and interest rate and currency volatility, remain of concern, particularly in light of the 
further depreciation of the Turkish Lira. These conditions have had, and likely will continue to have, a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations, including as a result of their impact on the Group’s 
customers. The Turkish government has sought to improve economic growth and, in September 2020, the Turkish Treasury 
published a three-year medium-term economic programme under which GDP growth was anticipated to be 0.3% for 2020 
(the 1.8% increase in 2020 exceeded the 0.3% that had been estimated), 5.8% for 2021 and 5.0% for each of 2022 and 2023, 
with the expected growth in 2021 being supported by the anticipated rebound of economic activity following the 
normalisation after the initial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
In the first half of 2019, the then Treasury and Finance Minister Mr. Albayrak announced “Structural 
Transformation Steps” intended to support and strengthen: (a) the financial sector, (b) the fight against inflation, (c) budget 
discipline and tax reform and (d) sustainable growth. On the financial sector side, the main efforts have been focused on 
increased capitalisation and strengthening the asset quality of the banking sector, including additional capital infusions into 
the public banks and guidance to private banks to increase capital (including a temporary prohibition on the distribution of 
dividends). For example, the Turkish Treasury announced that it intended to issue special domestic bonds (a total of TL 28 
billion) to finance additional capital infusions into the public banks and that private banks will be guided to increase capital if 
needed (including a temporary prohibition on the distribution of dividends). In connection therewith, on 24 April 2019, the 
Bank issued to the Turkey Wealth Fund €1,400,000,000 of perpetual fixed rate resettable additional tier 1 notes. The targets 
for sustainable growth and an improving employment environment concentrate on certain strategically defined sectors, 
including energy, mining, petrochemical, pharmacy, tourism, automotive and information. Turkey’s sovereign wealth fund is 
also intended to be used to support investments in these strategic sectors. In March 2021, the Turkish government announced 
“The Economic Reform Package” aiming to strengthen fiscal discipline and financial stability. The reforms in the package

--- Page 37 ---
18 
include supporting SMEs with tax reductions, decreasing foreign-currency borrowing in order to reduce the sensitivity of the 
country’s debt stock to external shocks and supporting exports and green transformation of industrial companies in order to 
narrow the current account deficit. The package also aims to support employment, encourage transparent and accountable 
institutionalised governance, promote private sector investments and increase competitiveness in domestic markets. There 
can be no assurance that these targets will be reached or that the Turkish government will implement its current and proposed 
economic and fiscal policies successfully, including the Central Bank’s efforts to curtail inflation and simplify monetary 
policy. 
Since February 2001, the Central Bank has applied a floating exchange rate policy. Exchange rates for the Turkish 
Lira have historically been, and continue to be, highly volatile and recent events have further contributed to significant 
fluctuations in the value of the Turkish Lira and various governmental policies to respond to currency volatility and the 
resulting economic conditions. In recent years, there have been a number of periods of sharp depreciation and some recovery 
in the value of the Turkish Lira (e.g., the Turkish Lira depreciated against the U.S. dollar by 38.1% in 2018, 12.9% in 2019 
and 23.6% in 2020, with significant volatility particularly from August through November of 2020 driven in part by changes 
in Central Bank policy and regulatory changes). The Central Bank has from time to time used its interest rate policy, reserve 
requirements and other tools to try to lower inflationary pressures arising from exchange rate volatility, including some fairly 
large hikes in interest rates in 2018 (which were then followed by large decreases in 2019 and early 2020 as inflation 
moderated and then, notwithstanding the disinflationary impact of the COVID-19 pandemic-related shutdowns, significant 
increases starting in August 2020 to address a significant depreciation in the value of the Turkish Lira). The impact of these 
circumstances, including changes in the exchange rates of the Turkish Lira, might have a material adverse effect on the 
Group, including through borrower defaults, increased NPLs, reduced loan volumes and reduced earnings, the revaluation of 
assets and liabilities (including increases in the Turkish Lira-equivalent value of the Group’s obligations in other currencies), 
a decline in capital and/or rapid changes in the economic and legal environment. 
Any further significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar or other major currencies, or any 
actions taken by the Central Bank or other Turkish authorities to protect the value of the Turkish Lira (such as increased 
interest rates), might adversely affect the financial condition of Turkey as a whole, including its inflation rate, and might have 
a material negative effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. On 30 April 2019, the 
Central Bank noted that it has been actively using short-term swap transactions, borrowing U.S. dollars from local banks with 
an agreement to repay at a later date, to limit the impact of the tight liquidity of the Turkish Lira. While the accounting of 
these swap transactions might be viewed as overstating the Central Bank’s foreign reserves, the Central Bank has stated that 
such method of accounting is in line with international standards. 
Any monetary policy tightening of the U.S. Federal Reserve and/or the ECB, or any other increase in market interest 
rates, particularly if it is more accelerated than expected, might have an adverse impact on Turkey, including on Turkey’s 
external financing needs, and might reduce the availability of and/or increase the cost of funding to the Turkish banking 
sector. 
In March 2019, the United States announced that imports from Turkey and India would no longer be eligible for 
tariff relief under the “Generalized System of Preferences” programme, which programme seeks to promote economic 
growth in countries identified as being developing countries. In Turkey’s case, the United States cited Turkey’s rapid 
economic development since its entry into the programme and that it thus no longer qualified to benefit from these tariff 
preferences. Regulatory changes such as these reflect increasing challenges faced by some exporters, which might have a 
material adverse effect on Turkey’s economy and/or the financial condition or one or more industries within Turkey. 
Should Turkey’s economy experience macroeconomic imbalances or otherwise be unsuccessful, it might have a 
material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
COVID-19 – The outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus has negatively affected the global and Turkish economy and 
financial markets and might continue to disrupt and/or otherwise negatively impact the operations of the Group and/or its 
clients
The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption in the global and Turkish economy and 
financial markets. Within Turkey and many of its important trading partners, the spread of COVID-19 has caused illness, 
quarantines, cancellation of events and travel, business and school shutdowns, reduction in business activity and financial 
transactions, labour shortages, supply chain interruptions and overall economic and financial market instability. The impacts

--- Page 38 ---
19 
of the pandemic might materially and adversely impact the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations 
in the following ways, among others: 

reductions in business and consumer activity and financial transactions, which might lead to a reduction in 
demand for loans and/or the Group’s banking services that generate fee and commission income, 

the quality of the Group’s loans and other assets (and the value of collateral securing the same) might deteriorate, 
particularly in those sectors (such as automobiles, textiles, services, real estate and tourism) or those segments 
(such as the Group’s SME segment) that are most dramatically impacted, which might lead (inter alia) to 
increases in provisions (including as a result of the temporary relief for recognition of NPLs described in the 
fourth paragraph of “-Counterparty Credit Risk”), NPLs and/or reductions in customer payments (e.g., loans under 
credit cards), 

to the extent that global trade and travel flows remain subdued for a prolonged period of time, potential 
overcapacity in tourism, transport and logistics infrastructure (including hotels and airports) might lead to a rapid 
decline in prices of these and other properties, which might then lead to a further deterioration of the asset quality 
of the Group’s loan book and, in case of any restructuring with any borrowers resulting in more favourable terms 
to borrowers, might lead to a decrease in income for the Group, 

regulatory measures that seek to ease the impact of COVID-19 might (inter alia) affect customer demand for 
loans and/or services, affect pricing in Turkey’s competitive banking landscape, impose limitations on the 
Group’s ability to enforce its contracts (including with respect to collateral) and/or, for temporary regulatory 
changes (e.g., the rule announced by the BRSA on 23 March 2020 allowing banks to use 31 December 2019 
exchange rates in certain capital and other calculations), result in financial calculations that are not comparable to 
those of previous and later periods (including resulting in potentially material changes after such temporary 
measures terminate), alter the decision-making process of the Group and/or make it more difficult for investors to 
assess financial results on a comparative basis, 

sources of liquidity available to Turkish borrowers (including the Group) might be reduced and/or more 
expensive, including if sentiments in capital markets further deteriorate or international investors reduce their 
exposure to Turkey, 

continued volatility of the Turkish Lira could affect Turkey’s current account deficit and/or the ability of Turkish 
borrowers to repay obligations denominated in (or linked to) foreign currencies, which could impact not only the 
Group’s own loan portfolio but also Turkey’s economy generally, including by way of increased unemployment, 
and/or 

some of the Group’s operations might be impacted, such as due to illness among staff or the need to close or limit 
customer access to branches. 
Through the date of this Base Prospectus, the pandemic has already resulted in significant contractions in many economies, 
including those of the United States and the EU, and the future impact of the outbreak is highly uncertain and cannot be 
predicted. Due in part to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group experienced an increase in its provisions during 2020, 
principally due to the Group’s decisions to prepare for a potential decline in asset quality. As a result of the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic on Turkey’s fiscal position, the government has temporarily increased the level of corporate income tax 
from 22% for fiscal periods that started in 2018, 2019 and 2020 to 25% and 23% for fiscal periods that start in 2021 and 
2022, respectively, which increases will have a corresponding impact on the after-tax income of the Group and its corporate 
clients. Due to increasing COVID-19 infections, in April 2021, Turkey introduced additional restrictive measures, including 
lockdowns and the closing of restaurants. There is no assurance that the outbreak will not lead to a further deterioration of the 
asset quality of the Group’s loan portfolio or otherwise have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. The extent of the impact, if any, will depend upon future developments, including 
actions taken globally and within Turkey to contain COVID-19. See also “Turkish Regulatory Environment - Additional 
COVID-19-Related Temporary Measures” for information on certain regulatory measures taken against the impacts of the 
COVID-19 pandemic.

--- Page 39 ---
20 
It should be noted that the impact of COVID-19, including actions taken to contain it, might heighten many of the 
other risks noted within these Risk Factors, including through increasing both the probability of negative impacts as well as 
the severity of such impacts. 
Current Account Deficit – An increase in Turkey’s current account deficit might result in governmental efforts to decrease 
economic activity 
Turkey’s current account deficit has long created a significant risk for the Turkish economy, including contributing 
to the country’s need for external funding to support its balance-of-payment position. According to the Central Bank, 
Turkey’s current account deficit was US$40.6 billion in 2017 (4.7% of GDP) but decreased to US$21.7 billion in 2018 (2.7% 
of GDP) due to an increase in exports, a slowdown of domestic demand and an increase in tourism revenues. Due to ongoing 
weakness in economic activity, Turkey’s current account balance in 2019 showed a surplus of US$6.8 billion, which was the 
first surplus since 2001, but then reverted to a deficit of US$36.7 billion in 2020. The 2020 deficit was primarily due to a 
decrease in exports to Europe and significantly lower tourism revenues arising from the shutdowns for the COVID-19 
pandemic (e.g., Turkey’s net tourism revenue fell by 64.3% in 2020 compared with 2019). Various events and circumstances, 
including (inter alia) a decline in Turkey’s foreign trade and tourism revenues, political risks and an increase in the price of 
oil, might result in an increase in the current account deficit. The current account deficit is a principal concern for Turkish 
policy makers as it increases Turkey’s vulnerability to changes in global macroeconomic conditions, and the Turkish 
government might take policy actions to reduce the current account deficit, including policies that might have a material 
negative impact on domestic growth and consumption. Any negative impact on economic growth or the introduction of 
policies that curtail the economy’s activity might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations. 
Although Turkey’s economic growth depends to some extent upon domestic demand, Turkey’s economy is also 
dependent upon trade, in particular with Europe. The EU remains Turkey’s largest export market. A significant decline in the 
economic growth of any of Turkey’s major trading partners, such as the EU, might have an adverse impact on Turkey’s 
balance of trade and adversely affect Turkey’s economic growth. Diplomatic or political tensions between Turkey and the EU 
(or any of its member states) or other countries might impact trade or demand for imports and exports. A decline in demand 
for imports into the EU or Turkey’s other trading partners might have a material adverse effect on Turkish exports and thus 
on Turkey’s economic growth and thereby result in an increase in Turkey’s current account deficit. To a lesser extent, Turkey 
also exports to markets in Russia and the Middle East, and the continuing political and/or economic turmoil in certain of 
those markets might lead to a decline in demand for such imports, with a similar negative effect on Turkish economic growth 
and Turkey’s current account deficit. 
Due to the negative impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic, Turkey’s tourism revenues and (in particular due to 
the EU being Turkey’s largest export market) export revenues experienced a significant decline in 2020, whereas (driven in 
large part by the import of gold) imports into Turkey increased. In order to reduce the negative impact on Turkey’s current 
account deficit by decreasing the demand for imports into Turkey and supporting domestic producers, the Turkish 
government imposed new (or increased) custom tax rates for numerous products. In addition, starting in August 2020, the 
Central Bank began to tighten monetary policy by increasing the cost of funding (including via large increases to the 
benchmark policy rate, including a 475 basis point increase to 15.00% in November 2020, a 200 basis point increase to 
17.00% in December 2020 and a further 200 basis point increase to 19.00% in March 2021), which might reduce demand for 
imports, adversely affect Turkey’s economic growth and/or result in downward pressure on the Group’s net interest margin. 
If the value of the Turkish Lira relative to the U.S. dollar and other relevant trading currencies declines, then the cost 
of importing oil and other goods and services might increase, resulting in potential increases in Turkey’s current account 
deficit. As an increase in the current account deficit might erode financial stability in Turkey, the Central Bank takes (and has 
taken) certain actions to maintain price and financial stability, which actions (including changes to interest rates and reserve 
requirements) might materially adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Turkey is an energy import-dependent country and recorded US$28.9 billion of net energy imports in 2020, a 
decrease from US$33.9 billion of net energy imports in 2019, which decreased from US$38.6 billion in 2018. Although the 
government has been heavily promoting new domestic energy projects, and promising new fields have been identified in the 
Black Sea, these have not yet significantly decreased the need for imported energy and thus any geopolitical development 
concerning energy security might have a material impact on Turkey’s current account balance. Volatile oil and natural gas 
prices (including as a result of agreements among the members of the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries

--- Page 40 ---
21 
(OPEC) and/or other oil-exporting nations to cut output or any geopolitical development concerning energy security and 
prices, such as the United States’ withdrawal from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action and re-imposing previously 
suspended secondary sanctions on Iran or the decision of the United States to impose sanctions on Venezuela), together with 
the Turkish Lira’s depreciation against the U.S. dollar (in which most of Turkey’s energy imports are priced), might have a 
negative impact on Turkey’s current account deficit. 
If the current account deficit widens, then financial stability in Turkey might deteriorate. In addition, financing a 
current account deficit might be difficult in the event of a global liquidity crisis and/or declining interest or confidence of 
foreign investors in Turkey, and a failure to reduce the current account deficit might have a negative impact on Turkey’s 
sovereign credit ratings. Any such difficulties might lead the Turkish government to seek to raise additional revenue to 
finance the current account deficit, reduce domestic demand and/or stabilise the Turkish financial system, any of which might 
materially adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Inflation – Turkey’s economy has been subject to significant inflationary pressures in the past and might become subject to 
significant inflationary pressures in the future 
The Turkish economy has experienced significant inflationary pressures in the past. In 2018, the annual consumer 
price index (“CPI”) inflation rate was 20.3%, while annual domestic producer price inflation during the year was 33.6%, both 
increasing significantly due principally to the depreciation of the Turkish Lira. In 2019, the CPI was 11.8% and domestic 
producer price inflation was 7.4%. In 2020, CPI was 14.6%, reflecting primarily the increase in food, energy and commodity 
prices (including due to the depreciation of the Turkish Lira). On 29 April 2021, the Central Bank published its second 
inflation report of 2021, indicating an inflation forecast for 2021 and 2022 of 12.2% and 7.5%, respectively. As of April 
2021, the last 12 month CPI inflation was 17.14% and the last 12 month domestic producer price inflation was 35.17%. 
Significant global price increases in major commodities such as oil, cotton, corn and wheat would be likely to 
increase inflation pressures in Turkey. Such inflation, particularly if combined with further depreciation of the Turkish Lira, 
might result in Turkey’s inflation exceeding the Central Bank’s inflation target, which might cause the Central Bank to 
modify its monetary policy. Inflation-related measures that might be taken by the Central Bank and/or other Turkish 
authorities might have an adverse effect on the Turkish economy. If the level of inflation in Turkey were to continue to 
fluctuate or increase significantly, then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations. 
Potential Overdevelopment – Certain sectors of the Turkish economy might have been or become overdeveloped, which 
might result in a negative impact on the Turkish economy
Certain sectors of the Turkish economy might have been (or might become) overdeveloped, including in particular 
the construction of luxury residences, shopping centres, office buildings, travel and tourism facilities and other real estate-
related projects and various renewable energy-related projects. For example, significant growth in the number of hotels 
occurred over recent years in anticipation of a continuing growth in international tourism, whereas in fact tourism declined 
very significantly in 2015 and 2016 as a result of the conflicts in Syria and Iraq and Turkish political and security concerns 
and the tourism industry has suffered significantly (while Turkey’s tourism revenues started to improve slightly starting from 
the second quarter of 2017, the industry was still significantly below full capacity before being then severely negatively 
impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, including the related travel restrictions). Any such overdevelopment might lead to a 
rapid decline in prices of these and other properties or the failure of some of these projects, which might then lead to a 
deterioration of the asset quality of Turkish banks and, in case of any restructuring with any borrowers resulting in more 
favourable terms to borrowers, might lead to a decrease in income for Turkish banks. Even if this does not occur, the pace of 
development of such projects might decline in coming years as developers and project sponsors seek to reduce their risk, 
which might negatively affect the growth of the Turkish economy. Should any of such events occur, then this might have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Turkish Regulatory and Other Matters 
While political and economic conditions in Turkey tend to have the most significant impact on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations, various other Turkey-related matters are also important. These matters, the most 
material of which is the Turkish regulatory environment, that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material

--- Page 41 ---
22 
impact on the Issuer, and thus potentially on its ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, are set out in this sub-
category.
Banking Regulatory Matters – The activities of the Group are highly regulated and changes to applicable laws, the 
interpretation or enforcement of such laws and/or any failure to comply with such laws might have a material adverse impact 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations 
The Group is subject to a number of banking, consumer protection, competition/antitrust and other laws designed to 
maintain the safety and financial stability of banks, ensure their compliance with economic and other obligations and limit 
their exposure to risk. These laws include Turkish laws (in particular those of the BRSA) as well as the laws of other 
countries in which the Group conducts business. These laws, which can increase the cost of doing business and limit the 
Group’s activities, include (inter alia): 
(a) the Regulation on the Equity of Banks was published in the Official Gazette No. 28756 dated 
5 September 2013 (the “2013 Equity Regulation”) and the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of the 
Capital Adequacy of Banks published in the Official Gazette No. 29511 dated 23 October 2015 (the “Capital 
Adequacy Regulation”); the 2013 Equity Regulation introduced: (i) core tier 1 capital and additional tier 1 capital as 
components of tier 1 capital and (ii) new tier 2 rules and determined new criteria for debt instruments to be included 
in a bank’s tier 2 capital, whereas the Capital Adequacy Regulation requires a minimum core capital adequacy ratio 
(4.5%) and a minimum tier 1 capital adequacy ratio (6.0%) to be calculated on a consolidated and non-consolidated 
basis (which are in addition to the previously existing requirement for a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of 
8.0%) and changed the risk weights of certain items that are categorised under “other assets,” with the BRSA 
amending its guidance on 24 February 2017 to allow foreign exchange-required reserves held with the Central Bank 
to be subject to a 0% risk weight, 
(b) a regulation (the “D-SIBs Regulation”) regarding systemically important banks (“D-SIBs”), which 
regulation introduced additional capital requirements for D-SIBs in line with the requirements of Basel III (as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has been classified as a D-SIB under the D-SIBs Regulation), 
(c) the BRSA’s: (i) decision dated 18 December 2015 (No. 6602) regarding the procedures for and 
principles on calculation, application and announcement of a countercyclical capital buffer and (ii) decision dated 
24 December 2015 (No. 6619) regarding the determination of such countercyclical capital buffer (together, the 
“BRSA Decisions on the Countercyclical Capital Buffer”), pursuant to which decisions the countercyclical capital 
buffer for Turkish banks’ (including the Bank’s) exposures in Turkey was initially set at 0% of a bank’s risk-
weighted assets in Turkey (effective as of 1 January 2016); however, such ratio can fluctuate between 0% and 2.5% 
as announced from time to time by the BRSA, 
(d) the Regulation on Measurement of Liquidity Coverage Ratio of Banks published in the Official Gazette 
No. 28948 dated 21 March 2014 (the “Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios”) in order to ensure that a bank 
maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets that can be converted into cash to meet its 
liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day period, according to which regulation the liquidity coverage ratios of banks is 
not permitted to fall below 100% on an aggregate basis and 80% on a foreign currency-only basis, 
(e) the Regulation on Procedures and Principles for Classification of Loans and Provisions to be Set Aside 
(the “Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation”) (which replaced the former “Regulation on Procedures 
and Principles for Determination of Qualifications of Loans and Other Receivables by Banks and Provisions to be 
Set Aside” (the “Regulation on Provisions and Classification of Loans and Receivables”) and entered into effect as 
of 1 January 2018) in order to ensure compliance with the requirements of TFRS and the Financial Sector 
Assessment Programme, which is a joint programme of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank; this 
regulation required banks to adopt TFRS 9 principles (unless an exemption is granted by the BRSA) related to the 
assessment of credit risk and to account for expected credit losses in line with such principles, 
(f) the BRSA and Central Bank issued separate decrees in February and March 2020 that impose new 
limitations on certain fees and commissions that Turkish banks may charge to customers, including imposing a limit 
on fees for electronic funds transfers, which might negatively impact the fees and commissions earned by the Group 
(for further information on the size of the Bank’s fee and commission income, see “Management’s Discussion and

--- Page 42 ---
23 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Analysis of Results of Operations for 2018, 2019 and 
2020 - Current Period Profit/Loss from Continued Operations - Gross Operating Income - Net Fees and 
Commissions Income”), 
(g) according to amendments to the 2013 Equity Regulation and the Capital Adequacy Regulation, from 
1 January 2022, general provisions will: (i) no longer be allowed to be included in the supplementary capital (i.e., 
tier 2 capital) of Turkish banks and (ii) be deducted from their risk-weighted assets, and 
(h) on 18 April 2020, the BRSA introduced a new test referred to as the “Asset Ratio,” which ratio banks 
were required to meet on a weekly basis starting from 1 May 2020; the monthly average of the Asset Ratio, which 
was a modified form of a financial assets (e.g., loans and securities) to deposits ratio and was (inter alia) intended to 
measure (and encourage) a bank’s use of deposits for active lending (particularly in Turkish Lira) as opposed to 
investing in securities or other financial assets (particularly in foreign currencies), was not to be lower than 100% for 
deposit-taking banks and 80% for participation banks (which ratios were later reduced to 90% and 70%); any failure 
to satisfy this minimum level would have subjected the applicable bank to a fine of up to 5% of the shortfall, which 
fine was not to be less that TL 500,000 in any case. As of 24 November 2020, this requirement was eliminated by 
the BRSA (effective as of 31 December 2020) as part of the normalisation process after the initial impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic. 
See “Turkish Regulatory Environment” for a description of the Turkish banking regulatory environment, including the 
implementation of Basel III in Turkey. The BRSA conducts examinations of all banks operating in Turkey and financial 
information, capital ratios, open positions, liquidity, interest rate risks and credit portfolios (inter alia) are followed up in 
detail at frequent intervals by the BRSA. 
Such measures might also limit or reduce growth of the Turkish economy and, consequently, the demand for the 
Group’s products and services. Furthermore, as a consequence of certain of these changes, the Group might be required to 
increase its capital reserves and/or might need to access more expensive sources of financing to meet its regulatory liquidity 
and capital requirements, which in turn might have an adverse impact on its level of profitability and/or net interest margin. 
New or revised laws also might increase the Group’s cost of doing business and/or limit its activities, such as the Central 
Bank’s frequent changes to monetary policy and reserve requirements. For example, the Turkish government (including the 
BRSA and the Central Bank) has introduced (and might introduce in the future) laws that impose limits with respect to fees 
and commissions charged to customers, increase the monthly minimum payments required to be paid by holders of credit 
cards or increase reserves. The Group might not be able to pass on any increased costs associated with such regulatory 
changes to its customers, particularly given the high level of competition in the Turkish banking sector. Accordingly, the 
Group might not be able to sustain its level of profitability in light of these regulatory changes and the Group’s profitability 
might be materially adversely impacted until (if ever) such changes can be incorporated into the Group’s pricing (and even 
then such changes might affect the Group’s profitability as increased pricing for customers might reduce customer demand 
for the Group’s products and services). 
Any failure by the Group to adopt adequate responses to these or future changes in the regulatory framework 
(whether in Turkey or any other jurisdiction in which the Group operates) might have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations. In addition, non-compliance with laws might expose the Group to 
potential liabilities and fines and/or damage its reputation. 
Emerging Markets Risk – International investors might view Turkey negatively based upon adverse events in other emerging 
markets 
In general, investing in the securities of issuers that have operations primarily in emerging market countries like 
Turkey involves a higher degree of risk than investing in the securities of issuers with substantial operations in the United 
States, the countries of the EU or other similar jurisdictions. The market for securities issued by Turkish companies is 
influenced not only by economic and market conditions in Turkey but also market conditions in other emerging market 
countries or in the United States and the EU. For example, developments or economic conditions in one or more other 
emerging market(s) have at times adversely affected the prices of securities from, and the availability of credit to, other 
emerging market countries as investors move their money to countries that are perceived to be more stable and economically 
developed. An increase in the perceived risks associated with investing in emerging economies might dampen capital flows 
to Turkey and/or otherwise adversely affect the Turkish economy. As a result, investors’ interest in the Notes (and thus the

--- Page 43 ---
24 
market price of an investment in the Notes) might be subject to fluctuations that might not necessarily be related to economic 
conditions in Turkey or the financial performance of the Group. There can be no assurance that investors’ interest in Turkey 
in general, and the Notes in particular, will not be negatively affected by events in other emerging markets or the global 
economy in general. 
Risks Relating to the Group and its Business 
While Turkish political, economic, regulatory and other circumstances are the most material category of risks 
relating to the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations, matters specific to the Group also might have a 
material impact on the Issuer’s ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, particularly the Group’s exposure with 
respect to the loans and other credits that it extends to borrowers and other counterparties. Such risks that the Issuer’s 
management has identified as having a material impact on the Issuer are set out in this section. The principal sub-categories 
of the risks relating to the Group and its business are credit risks, market risks, funding risks, operational risks and other 
Group-related risks, each as set out in their corresponding section below. 
Credit Risks 
Counterparty Credit Risk – The Group is subject to credit risk in relation to its borrowers and other counterparties 
The Group’s primary business risk is the inherent risk that its borrowers and other counterparties might not be able 
to meet their obligations to the Group, which ability is affected by many factors. These counterparties include (inter alios) 
borrowers of loans from the Group, issuers whose securities are held by the Group, trading and hedging counterparties and 
customers of letters of credit provided by the Group, the Group’s exposures to certain of which (particularly for loans for 
infrastructure and energy projects) are large. Any of these counterparties might default in their obligations to the Group due 
(inter alia) to the factors described in “-Risks Relating to Turkey” and/or adverse changes in consumer spending, consumer 
confidence, unemployment levels, corporate restructurings, bankruptcy rates and/or market volatility, including due to local, 
national and/or global factors. Many of these factors are difficult to anticipate and are outside of the Group’s control. If the 
Group’s customers are unable to meet their obligations to the Group when due, then this would increase the Group’s past due 
loan portfolio, require the Group to reserve additional provisions and reduce its net profit/(loss) and capital levels, which 
might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
For example, if the Turkish Lira were to depreciate materially against foreign currencies, then it would be more 
difficult for the Group’s customers with income primarily or entirely denominated in Turkish Lira to repay their foreign 
currency-denominated loans (e.g., in part due to the recent significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira and declining 
economic growth in Turkey, some corporate borrowers (including some large corporate borrowers) have entered into 
discussions with Turkish banks in connection with restructuring their loans and some of these loans have already been 
restructured; however, such borrowers might continue to have difficulties supporting their debt obligations, particularly if the 
Turkish Lira depreciates further, which might result in additional NPLs). 
Compounding this risk, and notwithstanding the credit risk policies and procedures that the Group has in place, the 
Group might not correctly assess the creditworthiness of its credit applicants or other counterparties (or their financial 
conditions might change) and, as a result, the Group might suffer material credit losses. If the Group is unable to accurately 
model the risk associated with borrowers, then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. Furthermore, should any large debtor to the Turkish financial system experience 
financial difficulties, as has happened in the recent past, then that might have a negative impact on the Group, including 
indirectly through having a negative impact on the Turkish banking sector. 
The Group’s financial results can be significantly affected by the amount of provisions for expected credit losses. 
Determining the amount of such provisions involves the use of numerous estimates and assumptions. As a result, the level of 
provisions and other reserves that the Group has set aside might prove insufficient and the Group might be required to create 
significant additional provisions and other reserves in future periods. Primarily due to an increase in NPLs as a consequence 
of the depreciation of the Turkish Lira and the contraction in the growth of the Turkish economy, the Bank’s NPL ratio 
increased from 2.0% as of 31 December 2018 to 2.8% as of 31 December 2019 but then, due in part to the BRSA’s 
temporary loan classification changes during the COVID-19 pandemic discussed below, decreased to 2.3% as of 
31 December 2020. The Stage 2 loans to performing loans ratio increased from 5.0% as of 31 December 2018 to 6.9% as of 
31 December 2019 and then declined to 6.5% as of 31 December 2020 (the Stage 2 loans to total loans ratio changed from

--- Page 44 ---
25 
4.8% to 6.7% to 6.3% during the same period). It should be noted that, as a result of March 2020 decisions by the BRSA 
relating to the government’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the length of the period of non-payment before a loan or 
other receivable is considered to be non-performing was temporarily extended through 30 June 2021, which thus might result 
in some loans and other receivables with an overdue amount between 90 and 180 days to remain classified as performing 
(i.e., Stage 2 loans) during this period when they might have been classified as NPLs absent these temporary actions. This 
change is likely to temporarily reduce recognition of NPLs and, as a result, the Group’s reported NPLs during the relevant 
period might not be indicative of the Group’s asset quality compared to prior periods. See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment - Expected Credit Losses.” 
The Group’s efforts to mitigate credit risk, including through diversification of its assets and requiring collateral for 
many of its loans, might be insufficient to protect the Group against material credit losses. For example, as described in 
“-Insufficient Collateral” below, if the value of the collateral securing the Group’s credit portfolio is insufficient (including 
through a decline in its value after the original taking of such collateral), then the Group will be exposed to greater credit risk 
(and an increased risk of non-recovery) if related credit exposures fail to perform. 
Significant Agricultural Sector Exposure – The Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations are, and 
have been, exposed to risks present in the agricultural sector in Turkey 
A significant proportion of the Group’s lending historically has been to borrowers in the agricultural sector and, 
while the Bank’s strategy to increase lending to other sectors has resulted in a decrease in the share of agricultural loans in its 
loan book, the Group’s exposure to this sector remains high. As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s loans to borrowers in the 
agricultural sector amounted to TL 81.4 billion, or 13.9% of its total loans, as compared to TL 66.2 billion (15.2%) as of 
31 December 2019 (including accruals) and TL 60.7 billion (16.4%) as of 31 December 2018 (including accruals). 
Factors that might influence the supply and demand for agricultural products in the Turkish market include, among 
others, increased output of agricultural products in Turkey or elsewhere, unfavourable fluctuations in the prices for 
agricultural products, government programmes and policies, macroeconomic factors (including exchange rates and inflation) 
affecting the Turkish and global economies, availability of raw materials, crop yields, prices of supply inputs and changes in 
global demand and global production of similar and competitive products, as well as the economic and political situations in 
export markets and changes in consumer preferences, both seasonal and long-term. In addition, severe weather, major 
climate-related disasters or disease and pestilence can be unpredictable and devastating to the agricultural sector. Such 
occurrences might result in crop or other losses for a season, impacting borrowers’ liquidity and business prospects. While 
the Bank requires its borrowers in the agricultural sector to obtain insurance under the “Tarsim” scheme that covers risks 
such as adverse weather, and takes a lien over any insurance proceeds, there can be no assurance that such insurance proceeds 
would be sufficient to cover the Bank’s losses. 
Moreover, the Turkish agricultural sector is predominantly comprised of individual farmers with a much smaller 
number of SMEs and very few large corporations and individual farmers have represented almost all of the Bank’s 
agricultural borrowers in recent years. While there has been some consolidation in the sector, the pace of this consolidation 
will depend upon a variety of factors, including measures taken by the Turkish government. This individual-based structure 
of the Turkish agricultural sector might subject the Bank to higher credit risk as, notwithstanding its credit risk determination 
procedures, individual borrowers tend to have more limited credit records than corporate borrowers and this might limit the 
Bank’s ability to accurately assess their creditworthiness. There can be no assurance that the number of loans that the Bank 
provides to individual farmers will not materially increase in the near to medium term, or that the Bank will be able to 
accurately model the risk associated with such borrowers (see “-Risk Management”). Any prolonged downturn in the Turkish 
agricultural sector as a result of adverse price fluctuations, changes in government policies, inclement weather or otherwise, 
or the Bank’s inability to correctly assess the current financial condition of individual agricultural borrowers, might have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Other Loan Concentrations – In addition to the exposure to the agricultural sector, the Group’s credit portfolio has 
significant industry and borrower concentrations, which renders it susceptible to any deterioration in the financial condition 
of such industries and borrowers 
Although the Group seeks to maintain diversity within its loan book with respect to industry, customer type, 
customer and loan product, certain concentrations are inherent in the Group’s business. Total cash loans to the Bank’s 20 
largest group customers as of 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020 represented 8.1%, 15.3% and 10.1%, respectively, of its

--- Page 45 ---
26 
performing cash loans. As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s cash exposure to its single largest group customer was TL 9.6 
billion, constituting 1.6% of total gross loans to customers and equal to 10.3% of its total shareholders’ equity (TL 11.8 
billion, 2.6% and 16.9%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019 and TL 6.1 billion, 1.6% and 10.5%, respectively, as of 
31 December 2018). 
With respect to loans to corporate borrowers, concentrations by industry (e.g., agriculture) or product type (e.g., 
project financings) exist from time to time, including (particularly for project or acquisition financings) potentially large 
individual exposures. 
In terms of industry concentration, the retail and consumer, manufacturing, construction and trade sectors accounted 
for 31.7%, 13.7%, 9.6% and 10.4%, respectively, of the Bank’s performing cash loan portfolio as of 31 December 2020 
(28.9%, 14.4%, 9.6% and 9.1%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019 and 25.7%, 14.2%, 10.2% and 8.7%, respectively, as 
of 31 December 2018). 
A downturn in any sector or specific borrower to which the Group has significant exposure might result in, among 
other things, a decrease of funds that such customers hold on deposit with the Bank, a default on their obligations owed to the 
Group and/or a need for the Group to increase its provisions in respect of such obligations, any of which might have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Government Default – The Group has a significant portion of its assets invested in Turkish government obligations, making it 
highly dependent upon the continued credit quality of, and payment of its obligations by, the Turkish government 
The Group has significant exposure to Turkish governmental and state-controlled entities, including the Central 
Bank. As of 31 December 2020, 99.2% of the Group’s total securities portfolio (23.7% of its total assets and equal to 239.9% 
of its shareholders’ equity) was invested in Turkish government debt securities and 1.3% of the Group’s total assets were 
used to make loans to Turkish governmental and state-controlled entities (98.8%, 17.5%, 164.2% and 1.9%, respectively, as 
of 31 December 2018 and 98.9%, 19.8%, 184.1% and 3.1%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019). In addition, the Group 
has exposure to the Turkish government through the Group’s participation in financing state-sponsored infrastructure projects 
and the KGF-guaranteed loan programme, which might be susceptible to increased credit risk in the event of continued 
weakness in Turkey’s macroeconomic condition or deterioration of the Turkish government’s creditworthiness. In early 
2020, the KGF-guaranteed loan programme was expanded to include retail loans as part of the government’s efforts to 
address the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which expansion might increase the credit risk of obligations 
payable by the Turkish government. Furthermore, the Group maintains significant amounts of reserves (including foreign 
currency reserves) with the Central Bank, for which it is subject to the Central Bank’s ability to return such reserves, and is 
otherwise dependent upon the Central Bank. 
Turkey’s sovereign debt ratings have been subject to various downgrades recently and might be further downgraded. 
For example, Turkey’s sovereign debt rating was downgraded by Moody’s on 23 September 2016 to below investment-grade 
status. On 27 January 2017, Fitch downgraded Turkey’s sovereign credit rating to sub-investment grade in line with the 
rating of Moody’s. On 17 March 2017, Moody’s revised the outlook of Turkey from stable to negative. On 7 March 2018, 
Moody’s announced a downgrade of Turkey’s sovereign debt rating and revised the outlook from negative to stable. On 
1 June 2018, Moody’s placed Turkey’s “Ba2” long-term issuer rating and “Ba2” senior unsecured bond rating on review for 
downgrade. On 13 July 2018, Fitch downgraded Turkey’s long-term foreign-currency issuer default rating to “BB” from 
“BB+” and assigned the outlook as negative. On 17 August 2018, Moody’s lowered Turkey’s foreign currency long-term 
credit rating to “Ba3” from “Ba2” and Turkey’s foreign currency deposit ceiling to “B1” from “Ba3.” On 24 September 2018, 
Moody’s further lowered Turkey’s foreign currency deposit ceiling to “B2” from “B1.” On 14 June 2019, Turkey’s foreign 
currency long-term credit rating was further downgraded to “B1 (negative outlook)” from “Ba3 (negative outlook)” by 
Moody’s. On 12 July 2019, Fitch downgraded Turkey’s long-term foreign currency issuer default credit rating to 
“BB- (negative outlook)” from “BB (negative outlook)” and long-term local currency issuer default credit rating to 
“BB- (negative outlook)” from “BB+ (negative outlook).” On 1 November 2019, Fitch revised the outlook of Turkey from 
negative to stable, following up on 12 November 2019 with a similar outlook change on certain Turkish banks (including the 
Bank). On 21 February 2020, Fitch affirmed Turkey's long-term foreign-currency issuer default rating at “BB-” with a stable 
outlook. On 11 September 2020, Moody’s further reduced Turkey’s foreign currency long-term credit rating to “B2 (negative 
outlook).” On 19 February 2021, Fitch revised the outlook on Turkey’s long-term foreign-currency issuer default credit rating 
from negative to stable.

--- Page 46 ---
27 
In addition to any direct losses that the Group might incur, a default, or the perception of increased risk of default, 
by Turkish governmental entities in making payments on their debt or a downgrade in Turkey’s credit rating would likely 
have a significant negative impact on the value of the government debt held by the Group and the Turkish banking system 
generally and might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Enforcing rights against governmental entities might be subject to structural, political or practical limitations. 
Insufficient Collateral – Security interests or loan guarantees provided in favour of the Group might not be sufficient to cover 
any losses in the event of defaults by debtors and might entail long and costly enforcement proceedings 
While certain of the Group’s loans are unsecured, many of the Group’s loans are protected by collateral and/or a 
personal guarantee. Accepting collateral and foreclosing on security interests are subject to certain costs and formal 
limitations under applicable law, with enforcement against any type of collateral potentially involving a long and costly 
procedure under Turkish or other applicable law. For example, the Group might have difficulty foreclosing on collateral 
when debtors default on their loans or apply to the courts for concordat proceedings, which might temporarily interrupt 
enforcement or foreclosure proceedings. In addition, the time and costs associated with enforcing security interests might 
make it uneconomical for the Group to pursue such proceedings, adversely affecting the Group’s ability to recover its loan 
losses, which might have a direct impact on the Group’s financial condition and results. 
Deterioration in economic conditions in Turkey or a decline in the value of certain markets might reduce the value 
of the collateral securing the Group’s loans (and/or the ability of borrowers to post additional collateral), increasing the risk 
that the Group would not be able to recover the full amount of any such loans in a default. If the Group seeks to realise on 
any such collateral, then it might be difficult to find a buyer and/or the collateral might be sold for significantly less than its 
appraised or actual value. 
Market Risks 
The Group is subject to risks that arise from open positions in currency, interest rate and (to a lesser extent) equity 
products, all of which are exposed to general and specific market movements. While the Group seeks to manage its market 
risk exposure through a range of measures (see “Risk Management – Market Risk Management” for further information), 
such measures might not be successful in mitigating all market risk. The Group’s exposure to market risks might lead to a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Certain of these risks are 
described below.
Foreign Exchange and Currency Risk – The Group is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which might 
have a material adverse effect on the Group 
As a significant portion of the Group’s assets and liabilities (including off-balance sheet commitments such as letters 
of credit) is denominated in, or indexed to, foreign currencies (primarily U.S. dollars and euro), the Group is exposed to the 
effects of fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates, which can have a material impact on its business, financial 
condition (including capitalisation) and/or results of operations. These risks are both systemic (e.g., the impact of exchange 
rate volatility on the markets generally, including on the Group’s borrowers) and specific to the Group (e.g., due to the 
Group’s own net currency positions). If the Turkish Lira depreciates, then (when translated into Turkish Lira) the Group 
would incur currency translation losses on its liabilities denominated in (or indexed to) foreign currencies (such as the 
Group’s U.S. dollar-denominated long-term loans and other debt) and would experience currency translation gains on its 
assets denominated in (or indexed to) foreign currencies. Furthermore, a significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira might 
affect the Group’s ability to attract customers on such terms or to charge rates indexed to foreign currencies. As a reference, 
the Turkish Lira depreciated against the U.S. dollar by 38.1% in 2018, 12.9% in 2019 and 23.6% in 2020. The overall effect 
of exchange rate movements on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations depends upon the rate of 
depreciation or appreciation of the Turkish Lira against its principal trading and financing currencies. 
The Group seeks to manage the gap between its foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities by (among other 
things) matching the volumes and maturities of its foreign currency-denominated loans against its foreign currency-
denominated funding or by entering into currency hedges. If the Group is unable to manage this gap, then volatility in 
exchange rates might have a negative effect on the value of the Group’s assets and/or lead to increased expenses, which 
might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. For example, 
in recent years, the Bank has had significant excess foreign exchange liquidity as a result of customers’ preference to hold

--- Page 47 ---
28 
foreign exchange-denominated deposits while foreign exchange-denominated lending has been limited due to measures to 
limit foreign exchange lending, slower economic conditions and foreign exchange rate volatility. As a result, the Bank has 
swapped foreign currencies for Turkish Lira to support its Turkish Lira-denominated business, which has increased the 
Bank’s swap costs and thereby had a negative impact on net interest margin (in 2020, such swaps had a 76 basis point 
negative impact on the Bank’s net interest margin). 
In preparing its BRSA Financial Statements, transactions in currencies other than Turkish Lira are recorded at the 
rates of exchange prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At each balance sheet date, monetary items denominated in 
foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on such balance sheet date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value 
that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was 
determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated. As a 
result, the Group’s balance sheet and net profit/(loss) are affected by changes in the value of the Turkish Lira with respect to 
foreign currencies. The overall effect of exchange rate movements on the Group’s balance sheet and results of operations 
primarily depends upon the rate of depreciation or appreciation of the Turkish Lira against its principal trading and financing 
currencies. 
For example, as a result of the depreciation of the Turkish Lira by 38.1% in 2018, the Turkish Lira-equivalent value 
of the Group’s foreign currency-denominated assets, liabilities and capital increased significantly in 2018. In 2019, the share 
of foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities in the Bank’s balance sheet changed from 37.3% and 40.6%, 
respectively, as of 31 December 2018 to 35.1% and 43.1%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019, largely due to the 
depreciation of the Turkish Lira. In addition, there was in 2019 a 0.5% decrease (in Turkish Lira terms) in foreign currency-
denominated loans despite the depreciation of the Turkish Lira. Accordingly, the growth in total loans during 2019 was only 
17.3%, with the increase principally resulting from the growth in Turkish Lira-denominated loans. As of 31 December 2020, 
the share of foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities in the Bank’s balance sheet increased to 35.9% and 44.1%, 
respectively, which increase was due to the depreciation of the Turkish Lira (foreign exchange-denominated deposits 
increased 56.7% in Turkish Lira terms while foreign exchange-denominated loans increased by 16.7%). 
From a systemic perspective, if the Turkish Lira were to depreciate materially against the U.S. dollar or the euro 
(which represent a significant portion of the foreign currency debt of the Group’s corporate and commercial customers), then 
it would be more difficult for the Group’s customers with income primarily or entirely denominated in Turkish Lira to repay 
their foreign currency-denominated debt (including to the Group) and reduced repayment capacity of such customers might 
have a material negative impact on the Group’s financial condition (including its capitalisation). A number of Turkish 
borrowers have significant amounts of debt denominated in foreign currency and thus are susceptible to this risk and certain 
foreign currency-denominated loans in the Turkish market have been (or are in the process of being) restructured. As of 
31 December 2020, 23.0% of the Bank’s total loans to customers was denominated in foreign currencies (32.2% and 26.5%, 
respectively, as of 31 December 2018 and 2019), of which 59.3% was in U.S. dollars and 40.6% was in euro. 
Compounding the impact of normal market movements, any actions taken by the Central Bank or other authorities 
to intervene in the value of the Turkish Lira (such as via increased interest rates or capital controls) might have a material 
negative effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. The Central Bank’s monetary policy 
is subject to a number of uncertainties, including global macroeconomic conditions and political conditions in Turkey. As 
global conditions have been volatile in recent years, including as a result of, among other factors, expectations regarding 
slower growth and low commodity and oil prices, monetary policy remains subject to uncertainty. 
Interest Rate Risk – The Group might be negatively affected by volatility in interest rates 
The Group’s results of operations depend significantly upon the level of its net interest income, which is the 
difference between interest income from interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. Net 
interest income is the principal source of income for the Bank, contributing 97.6%, 93.0% and 85.1% of the Bank’s total 
operating income before provisions for 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively, and the Bank’s net interest margin was 5.0%, 
4.8% and 5.0%, respectively, over the same periods. As a result, the differential between the average interest rates that the 
Group charges on interest-earning assets and the average interest rates that it accrues on interest-bearing liabilities, and the 
volume of such assets and liabilities, tend to have the most significant impact on the Bank’s results of operations. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group’s control, including monetary policies pursued 
by the Turkish government and domestic and international economic and political conditions, and the Group might be unable

--- Page 48 ---
29 
to take actions to mitigate any adverse effects of interest rate movements. In particular, the Group might be affected by the 
Central Bank’s policies with respect to interest rates and reserve requirements. Changes in market interest rates might affect 
the spread between interest rates charged on interest-earning assets and interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities, 
thereby affecting the Group’s results of operations. 
For example, an increase in interest rates (such as the large increases that the Central Bank implemented in the last 
half of 2020 to combat high inflation and the depreciation of the Turkish Lira) might cause the interest expense on deposits 
(which are typically short-term and repriced frequently) to increase more significantly and/or quickly than interest income 
from loans (which are short-, medium- and long-term), resulting in a potential short-term reduction in net interest income and 
net interest margin. In addition, a significant decline in average interest rates charged on loans to customers that is not fully 
matched by a decrease in interest rates on funding sources, or a significant increase in interest rates on funding sources that is 
not fully matched by a rise in interest rates charged, to the extent such exposures are not hedged, might have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations; however, the impact will depend 
upon the respective repricing of loans and funding (for example, in a time of generally declining interest rates, banks 
generally benefit for a period as deposits reprice more quickly than loan portfolios). 
Although the Group uses various instruments and measures to manage exposures to interest rate risk (see “Risk 
Management – Interest Rate Risk”), these instruments and measures might not protect the Group from the risks of changing 
interest rates. 
Funding Risks 
Liquidity Risk – The Group might have difficulty borrowing funds on acceptable terms, if at all 
Liquidity risk comprises uncertainties in relation to the Group’s ability, under adverse conditions, to access funding 
necessary to cover obligations to customers, meet payment obligations on time and satisfy regulatory capital requirements. It 
includes (inter alia) the risk of lack of access to funding (other than from the reserves held with the Central Bank and limits 
granted to the Bank by the Central Bank both in Turkish Lira and foreign currency), the risk of unexpected increases in the 
cost of financing and the risk of not being able to structure the maturity dates of the Group’s liabilities reasonably in line with 
its assets (an asset-liability maturity gap). The Group’s inability to meet its net funding requirements due to inadequate 
liquidity might materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
There can be no assurance that the Group will not experience liquidity issues. In the event that the Group 
experiences liquidity issues, its ability to access certain sources of funding at such time might be negatively impacted by 
factors that are not specific to its operations, such as general market conditions, disruptions of the financial markets or 
sovereign credit rating downgrades. For example, in the case of a global liquidity crisis, wholesale funding would likely 
become increasingly costly and more difficult to obtain for the Group, which might adversely affect borrowing using capital 
market instruments. 
The Bank relies primarily on short-term liabilities in the form of deposits (typically deposits with terms of less than 
three months) as its source of funding and has a mix of short-, medium- and long-term assets in the form (inter alia) of retail, 
commercial and corporate loans, mortgages and credit cards, which might result in asset-liability maturity gaps and liquidity 
problems. The Bank’s loans (net) to total deposits ratio was 112.0%, 97.3% and 92.4%, respectively, as of 31 December 
2018, 2019 and 2020. In addition, depositors might withdraw their funds at a rate faster than the rate at which borrowers 
repay. If the Group’s retail customers become or remain unemployed or earn declining amounts, then they might save less or 
consume more of their money deposited with the Group, which might negatively affect the Group’s access to deposit-based 
funding. Similarly, if the Group’s corporate customers face liquidity problems, then they might draw down their deposits 
with the Group. An inability on the Group’s part to access such funds might put the Group’s liquidity at risk and lead the 
Group to be unable to finance its operations and growth plans adequately. 
Among its customer deposits, the Bank has historically benefitted from rules requiring state-related entities to 
deposit some or all of their funds exclusively with state-controlled banks such as the Bank (as of 31 December 2020, 
approximately 15.1% of the Bank’s deposit base was sourced from the public sector). Any withdrawal of all or a material 
portion of such deposits or a change in law that permits Turkish state-controlled entities to deposit additional such amounts 
with non-state-controlled banks might require the Bank to seek additional sources of funding (whether in the form of deposits 
or wholesale funding), which might not be available on terms the Bank considers commercially acceptable or at all. Any

--- Page 49 ---
30 
failure to obtain any replacement funding might negatively impact the Bank’s ability to maintain or grow its loan portfolio or 
otherwise increase its overall cost of funding, any of which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
results of operations, prospects or financial condition. 
While the Bank’s principal source of funding comes from deposits, these funds are short-term by nature and thus do 
not enable the Bank to match fund its medium- and long-term assets. In addition, price competition for wholesale deposits 
has made such deposits less attractive. As a result, the Bank seeks to extend the average maturity of its liabilities in order to 
manage the maturity mismatch between assets and liabilities, to manage its liquidity coverage ratio requirements and to 
provide diversity in its funding. The Bank has raised (and likely will seek to continue to raise) longer term funds from 
syndicated and bilateral loans, bond issuances and other transactions, many of which are denominated in foreign currencies. 
The Bank’s non-deposit funding was equivalent to 15.8%, 15.8% and 18.4%, respectively, of its assets as of 31 December 
2018, 2019 and 2020. If growth in the Group’s deposit portfolio does not keep pace with growth in its loan portfolio, then the 
Group will become more reliant upon non-deposit funding sources, some of which might create additional risks of their own 
such as increased interest rate gaps and exposure to volatility in international capital markets. If conditions in the 
international capital markets or interbank lending market, or the Group’s and/or Turkey’s credit ratings, were to deteriorate, 
then the Group might be unable to secure funding through international sources. 
As noted above, a portion of the Group’s wholesale fundraising is denominated in foreign currencies. The Bank’s 
total foreign currency-denominated borrowings (i.e., the sum of foreign currency-denominated funds borrowed, money 
market funds, securities issued (net) and subordinated debt) equalled 10.5%, 10.8% and 9.1%, respectively, of its assets as of 
31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020. While the Group has been successful in extending, at a relatively low cost, the maturity 
profile of its funding base, even during times of volatility in international markets, this might not continue in the future 
(including if investor confidence in Turkey decreases as a result of political, economic or other factors). As of 31 December 
2020, the Bank had free foreign currency liquidity amounting to US$10.2 billion while having US$6.1 billion in foreign 
currency-denominated external debt to be paid within one year (an additional US$3.8 billion in such debt matures in later 
periods). Particularly in light of the historical volatility of emerging market financings, the Group might have difficulty 
extending and/or refinancing its existing foreign currency-denominated indebtedness, hindering its ability to avoid the 
interest rate risk inherent in asset-liability maturity gaps. Should these risks materialise, these circumstances might have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. These risks might increase 
as the Group seeks to increase medium- and long-term lending to its customers, including mortgages and project financings, 
the funding for much of which is likely to be made through borrowings in foreign currency (including refinancing of its 
foreign currency borrowings). 
A rising interest rate environment might compound the risk of the Group not being able to access funds at 
favourable rates or at all. If central banks unwind the expansive liquidity and quantitative easing programmes that have been 
provided during the global financial crisis and the COVID-19 pandemic, competition among banks and other borrowers for 
the reduced global liquidity might result in increased costs of funding. These and other factors might lead creditors to form a 
negative view of the Group’s liquidity, which might result in lower credit ratings, higher borrowing costs and/or decreased 
access to funds. 
While the Group aims to maintain at any given time an adequate level of liquidity reserves, strains on liquidity 
caused by any of these factors or otherwise (including as a result of the requirement to repay any indebtedness, whether on a 
scheduled basis or as a result of an acceleration due to a default or other event) might adversely affect the Group’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Access to Capital – The Group might have difficulty raising capital on acceptable terms, if at all 
By law, each of the Bank and the Group is required to maintain certain capital levels and capital adequacy ratios in 
connection with its business, which capital adequacy ratios depend in part upon the level of risk-weighted assets. Any 
continued growth in the Group’s lending (both in absolute terms as well as proportionately in comparison to the Group’s zero 
risk-weighted investment in Turkish government securities) will likely result in an increase in the Group’s risk-weighted 
assets, which might adversely affect the Group’s capital adequacy ratios absent a corresponding increase in capital (see 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Capital Adequacy”). 
Any changes relating to Basel III or any other capital adequacy-related revisions might impact the manner in which 
the Bank and/or the Group calculates its capital ratios and might even impose higher capital requirements, which might

--- Page 50 ---
31 
require the Group to raise additional capital and/or reduce its balance sheet to ensure that it has sufficient capital reserves, 
which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Additionally, it is possible that the Group’s capital levels might decline due to (inter alia) credit losses, loan provisions, 
currency fluctuations or dividend payments. The Group also might need to raise additional capital to ensure that it has 
sufficient capital to support growth in its assets. Should the Group wish or be required to raise additional capital, it might not 
be in a position to do so at all or at prices that the Group considers to be reasonable. If any or all of these risks materialise, 
then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity, business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
Operational Risks 
Competition in the Turkish Banking Sector – Intense competition in the Turkish banking sector might have a material adverse 
effect on the Group 
The Group faces significant competition from other participants in the Turkish banking sector, including both state-
controlled and private banks in Turkey as well as many subsidiaries and branches of foreign banks and joint ventures 
between Turkish and foreign shareholders. A small number of these banks dominate the banking industry in Turkey. As of 
31 December 2020 (according to the Banks Association of Turkey), the top seven banking groups in Turkey (including the 
Group), three of which were state-controlled (including the Group), held 81.7% of the Turkish banking sector’s total loan 
portfolio in Turkey, 81.8% of the total bank assets in Turkey and 82.1% of the total deposits in Turkey (in each case, 
excluding participation banks and development and investment banks). The Bank’s management believes that further entries 
into the sector by foreign competitors, either directly or in collaboration with existing Turkish banks, might increase 
competition in the market, particularly as foreign competitors might have greater resources and more cost-effective funding 
sources than the Group. 
If competitors (including increasingly new technology companies) can offer better lending rates to clients, higher 
interest rates on deposits or better customer experiences for services and products, then the Group might (inter alia) lose 
customers or market share, be forced to reduce its margins and/or be forced to look for more expensive funding sources, any 
of which might negatively affect the Group’s profitability. Increased pricing competition in the Turkish banking markets 
through the offer of products at significantly lower prices might also impact customer behavioural patterns and loyalty. Any 
failure to maintain customer loyalty or to offer customers a wide range of high quality, competitive products with 
consistently high levels of service might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. 
The Group’s exposure to intense competition in each of its key areas of operation might, among other things, limit 
the Group’s ability to increase its client base and expand its operations, reduce its asset growth rate and profit margins on 
services it provides and increase competition for investment opportunities. There can be no assurance that the continuation of 
existing levels of competition or increased competition will not have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Dependence upon Banking and Other Licences – Group members might be unable to maintain or secure the necessary 
licences for carrying on their business 
Each of the Bank and, to the extent applicable, each of its subsidiaries has a current Turkish and/or other applicable 
licence for all of its banking and other operations. The Bank’s management believes that the Bank and each of its subsidiaries 
is in compliance with its existing material licence and reporting obligations; nevertheless, if it is incorrect, or if any member 
of the Group were to suffer a loss of a licence, breach the terms of a licence or fail to obtain any further required licences, 
then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Restrictive Covenants – Restrictive covenants under the Group’s agreements might adversely affect the Group’s operations 
and a breach of any of these covenants might result in the counterparty exercising remedies against the applicable member 
of the Group and/or its properties 
The Group is party to a range of agreements, including in respect of debt raised by the Group, which contain 
restrictive covenants, such as negative pledges, requirements for the maintenance of certain regulatory authorisations and

--- Page 51 ---
32 
requirements to refrain from certain transactions with affiliates. These restrictive covenants might adversely affect the 
Group’s operations, such as its ability to raise funding secured by its properties. In addition, a breach of any of these 
covenants might result in the counterparty exercising remedies against the applicable member of the Group and/or its 
properties, and such breach and/or acceleration might cross-trigger to other agreements of the Group, any of which events 
might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. For example, if 
the Bank is required to prepay a loan, then it might need to use a significant amount of its liquidity, sell assets (potentially at 
a disadvantageous price) and/or reduce its business in order to satisfy this unexpected prepayment. 
Estimations – Future events might be different from those reflected in the management assumptions and estimates used in the 
preparation of the Group’s financial statements, which might result in unexpected reductions in profitability 
Pursuant to accounting rules and interpretations, the Group uses certain estimates in preparing its financial 
statements, including in determining expected credit losses and the accounting value of certain assets and liabilities. Should 
the estimated values for such items prove to be materially inaccurate, including as a result of unexpected market movements 
or external developments (in each case, such as relating to the COVID-19 pandemic), or if the methods by which such values 
were determined are revised in future accounting rules or interpretations, then the Group might experience unexpected 
reductions in profitability and/or such inaccuracies might otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. For example, portions of the Group’s provisions for loans are determined 
based upon assumptions about the Turkish economy and thus (particularly if the Turkish economy underperforms such 
assumptions) the Group might have taken inadequate provisions for loans. 
Risk Management – The Group’s efforts to identify, control and manage risk might be inadequate 
In the course of its business activities, the Group is exposed to a variety of risks, including (inter alia) credit risk, 
market risk, liquidity risk and operational risk (each as separately discussed in these “Risk Factors”). Any material deficiency 
in the Group’s risk management or other internal control policies or procedures might expose it to significant risk, which in 
turn might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and/or financial condition. If 
circumstances arise that the Group has not identified or anticipated adequately, if the security of its risk management systems 
is compromised or if its risk policies or procedures have material deficiencies, then the Group’s losses from such risks might 
be greater than expected, which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. In addition, some of the Group’s methods of managing risk are based upon its use of historical data, 
which might not accurately predict future risk exposures. For example, if the Group’s credit risk policies underestimate the 
negative impact of a recession on the value of Turkish real property, then loans secured by Turkish real property might be 
undercollateralised and result in material unexpected losses to the Group. 
International Operations – Adverse changes in the regulatory and economic environment in other jurisdictions in which the 
Group operates might have a material adverse effect on the Group 
While a substantial majority of the Group’s operations are in Turkey, it also (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) 
maintains operations in countries such as Germany, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan, 
Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Georgia and Russia. The Group’s operations outside of Turkey are subject to differing regulatory 
environments and domestic economic conditions and require the Group to engage in transactions in relevant local currencies 
such as the Russian ruble. In addition, certain of these jurisdictions are emerging markets, which might expose the Group to 
risks greater than those associated with more developed markets, including political, economic and social instability, 
uncertainty of local contractual terms and of enforcing terms in disputes before local courts, the introduction of exchange or 
foreign investment controls and the complexities and uncertainties of complying with local regulatory requirements. Adverse 
changes in the regulatory environments, tax and/or other laws, economic and political conditions, relevant exchange rates 
and/or other circumstances in the other jurisdictions in which the Group operates might have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Operational Risk – The Group might be unable to monitor and prevent losses arising from fraud and/or operational errors or 
disruptions 
The Group employs substantial resources to develop and operate its risk management processes and procedures; 
however, similar to other banking groups, the Group is susceptible to, among other things, fraud by employees, customers or 
other third parties, failure of internal processes and systems (including to detect fraud or unlawful transactions), unauthorised

--- Page 52 ---
33 
transactions by employees and other operational errors (including clerical or record-keeping errors and errors resulting from 
faulty computer or telecommunications systems). The Group’s risk management and expanded control capabilities are also 
limited by the information tools and techniques available to the Group. The Group is also subject to service interruptions 
from time to time caused by third party service providers (such as telecommunications operators) or other service 
interruptions resulting from events such as natural disasters. Such events might result in interruptions to services to the 
Group’s branches and/or impact customer service. In addition, given the Group’s high volume of transactions, fraud or errors 
might be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and rectified. Furthermore, a number of banking transactions 
are not fully automated, which might further increase the risk that human error or employee tampering will result in losses 
that might be difficult for the Group to detect quickly or at all. For example, if the Group’s operational risk control systems 
do not identify a weakness in the Group’s mortgage loan application processing system, then fraud might occur that results in 
material unexpected losses to the Group. If the Group is unable to successfully monitor and control these or any other 
operational risks, then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation, business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations. 
Dependence upon Information Technology Systems – The Group’s operations might be adversely affected by interruptions to 
or the improper functioning of its information technology systems 
The Group’s business, financial performance and ability to meet its strategic objectives (including rapid credit 
decisions, product rollout and growth) depend to a significant extent upon the functionality of its information technology 
(“IT”) systems and its ability to increase systems capacity (for example, to support the significant increase in work-from-
home demands on the Group’s systems resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic). The proper functioning of the Group’s 
financial control, risk management, credit analysis and reporting, accounting, customer service and other IT systems, as well 
as the communication networks between its branches and main data processing centres, are critical to the Group’s business 
and its ability to compete. For example, the Group’s ability to process credit card and other electronic transactions for its 
customers is an essential element of its business. 
Any failure, interruption or breach in security of the Group’s IT systems might result in failures or interruptions in 
the Group’s risk management, general ledger, deposit servicing, loan organisation and/or other important operations. 
Although the Group has developed back-up systems and a fully-equipped disaster recovery centre, and might continue some 
of its operations through the Bank’s branches in case of emergency, if the Group’s IT systems failed, even for a short period 
of time, then it might be unable to serve some or all of its customers’ needs on a timely basis and thus might lose business. 
Likewise, a temporary shutdown of the Group’s IT systems might result in costs that are required for information retrieval 
and verification. In addition, the Group’s failure to update and develop its existing IT systems as effectively as its 
competitors might result in a loss of the competitive advantages that the Group believes its IT systems provide. Such failures 
or interruptions might occur and/or the Group might not adequately address them if they do occur. For example, if the 
Group’s IT technicians do not identify a programming error in the software running the Group’s mortgage application 
software, then fraud might occur that results in material unexpected losses to the Group. A disruption (even short-term) to the 
functionality of the Group’s IT systems, delays or other problems in increasing the capacity of the Group’s IT systems or 
increased costs associated with such systems might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. For further information on the Group’s IT system, see “The Group and its 
Business - Information Technology.” 
Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing – The Group is subject to risks associated with money laundering or terrorist 
financing 
Although the Group has adopted various policies and procedures, and has put in place systems (including internal 
controls, “know your customer” rules and transaction monitoring), aimed at preventing money laundering and terrorist 
financing, and seeks to adhere to all requirements under Turkish law and international standards aimed at preventing it from 
being used as a vehicle for money laundering or terrorist financing, these policies and procedures might not be completely 
effective. Moreover, to a certain extent, the Group must rely upon correspondent banks to maintain and properly apply their 
own appropriate anti-money laundering, “know your customer” and terrorist financing policies and procedures. If the Group 
does not comply with timely reporting requirements or other anti-money laundering or anti-terrorist financing laws and/or is 
associated with money laundering and/or terrorist financing, then its business, financial condition and/or results of operations 
might be adversely affected, including in manners that significantly exceed the actual value of the underlying transaction. In 
addition, involvement in such activities might carry criminal or regulatory fines and sanctions and might severely harm the 
Group’s reputation.

--- Page 53 ---
34 
Personnel – The Group’s success depends upon retaining key members of its senior management and its ability to recruit, 
train and motivate qualified personnel 
The Group is dependent upon its senior management to implement its strategy and operate its day-to-day business. 
In addition, corporate, retail and other relationships of members of senior management are important to the conduct of the 
Group’s business. In a rapidly emerging and developing market such as Turkey, demand for highly trained and skilled staff, 
particularly in the Group’s İstanbul headquarters, is very high and requires the Group to re-assess continually its 
compensation and employment policies. If members of the Group’s senior management were to leave, particularly if they 
were to join competitors, then those employees’ relationships that have benefited the Group might not continue with the 
Group. In addition, the Group’s success depends, in part, upon its ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified and 
experienced banking and management personnel. The Group’s failure to recruit and retain necessary personnel or manage its 
personnel successfully might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
Other Group-Related Risks 
Control by Government – The Bank is controlled by the Turkish government, whose interests might not be aligned with the 
interests of the investors in the Notes 
The Bank’s share capital is 100% owned by the Turkish government through the Turkey Wealth Fund managed by 
the TWFM Company, which has the right to appoint the members of the Bank’s Board of Directors. The Bank’s share capital 
was transferred from the Turkish Treasury to the Turkey Wealth Fund in September 2017. In September 2018, the 
management of TFWM Company was reorganised by a presidential decree by which the President of Turkey became the 
Chairman of the board of directors and new members of the board of directors and a new Chief Executive Office of TFWM 
Company were appointed. The interests of the Turkish government and the TWFM Company might differ from those of 
investors in the Notes and there can be no assurance that the TWFM Company’s policies and decisions regarding the Bank 
will not negatively affect such investors. 
Audit Qualification – The auditor’s reports in relation to the Group’s and the Bank’s financial statements have included a 
qualification and reports in relation to future financial statements might include similar qualifications
The independent auditor’s audit reports included in the BRSA Annual Financial Statements were qualified with 
respect to free provisions that were allocated by the Bank’s management. Specifically, such report in the Bank’s BRSA 
Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 states that the qualification was due to: “a free 
provision amounting to TL 3,460 million, which consist of TL 830 million provided in previous periods and TL 2,630 million 
recognised in [2020] by the Bank management, which is not within the requirements of” the BRSA Principles. See also the 
auditor’s reports included in the BRSA Annual Financial Statements. Similar qualifications might be included in the 
corresponding audit or review reports for future fiscal periods. 
In 2018, the Bank reversed TL 523 million of free provisions, resulting in a remaining amount of TL 952 million as 
of 31 December 2018, which was then further reduced to TL 830 million in 2019 as a result of a reversal of a further TL 122 
million during the year. In 2020, the Bank reserved TL 2,630 million of additional free provisions, increasing the total to 
TL 3,460 million as of 31 December 2020. 
Although general reserves do not impact the Group’s level of tax, the Group’s capital adequacy ratios and net 
profit/(loss) might otherwise be higher in the periods in which such reserves are established and lower in the periods in which 
such reserves are reversed. The Bank has moved certain of its general reserves to free provisions as a prudential approach 
considering the circumstances that might arise from possible changes in the economy and market conditions. 
Absence of Governmental Support – The Group’s non-deposit obligations are generally not guaranteed by the Turkish or any 
other government and there might not be any governmental or other support in the event of illiquidity or insolvency 
The non-deposit obligations of the Group are not guaranteed or otherwise supported by the Turkish or any other 
government; provided that the Turkish Treasury may guarantee certain loans to the Bank from official lenders such as the 
World Bank, the EIB, KfW, the AFD and the CEB. While rating agencies and others have occasionally included in their

--- Page 54 ---
35 
analysis of certain banks a view that systemically important banks would likely be supported by the banks’ home 
governments in times of illiquidity and/or insolvency (examples of which sovereign support have been seen in other countries 
during the global financial crisis), this might not be the case for Turkey in general or the Group in particular. Notwithstanding 
that the Bank is state-controlled, investors in the Notes should not place any reliance upon the possibility of the Group being 
supported by any governmental or other entity at any time, including by providing liquidity or helping to maintain the 
Group’s operations during periods of material market volatility. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment - The Savings Deposit 
Insurance Fund (SDIF)” for information on the limited government-provided insurance for the Bank’s deposit obligations. 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
While the risks described above are important with respect to the Issuer’s ability to make payments due in respect of 
the Notes, there are additional risks that should be considered by investors in the Notes, including risks relating to the nature 
of the structure of the Notes and general risks relating to investments in the Notes (both of which are set out in the 
corresponding sub-category below). Such risks that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on 
investors in the Notes issued with the terms and conditions set out in this Base Prospectus (the “Conditions”) are set out in 
this category of risk factors; it being understood that the following does not address any specific conditions of, or 
circumstances relating to, any particular investor (including such investor’s own tax, regulatory or other circumstances) but 
rather to investors generally speaking. 
Risks Relating to the Structure of the Notes 
The Notes present investors with certain risks that are applicable to investments in senior unsecured obligations 
issued by the Issuer. Such risks that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on investors in the 
Notes are set out in this section. 
Unsecured Obligations – The Notes will constitute unsecured obligations of the Bank 
The Bank’s obligations under the Notes will (subject to Condition 4) constitute unsecured obligations of the Bank. 
The ability of the Bank to pay such obligations will depend upon, among other factors, its liquidity, overall financial strength 
and ability to generate asset flows, which might be affected by (inter alia) the circumstances described in these “Risk 
Factors.” 
Early Redemption – The Notes may be subject to early redemption in certain circumstances 
In accordance with Condition 8, the Issuer will, in certain circumstances described below, have the right to redeem 
Notes prior to their maturity date. This optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market price of an investment in the 
Notes because, until the end of the period in which the Issuer may elect so to redeem such Notes, the market price of an 
investment in such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. In addition, an 
investor might not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the 
Notes being redeemed and might only be able to do so at a significantly lower interest rate (or through taking on a greater 
credit risk). Reinvestment risk should be an important element of an investor’s consideration in investing in the Notes. 
Taxation. Unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem 
all (but not some only) of a Series of Notes at any time (including in the case of Floating Rate Notes) at the Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to their maturity date stated in the applicable 
Final Terms (for each Series, its “Maturity Date”), if: (a) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws of a 
Relevant Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official interpretation of the laws of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes effective after the date on which agreement is reached to issue 
the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes (which will, for the avoidance of doubt, be the date on which the 
applicable Final Terms is signed by the Issuer), on the next Interest Payment Date, the Issuer would be required to: 
(i) pay Additional Amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 and (ii) make any withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed, assessed or levied by or on behalf of the Relevant Jurisdiction at a rate in 
excess of the applicable prevailing rates on the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series of Notes, and (b) such requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it. Upon such a redemption, investors in such Series of Notes might not be able to reinvest the amounts

--- Page 55 ---
36 
received at a rate that will provide an equivalent rate of return as their investment in the redeemed Notes and, in the 
case of any Floating Rate Notes, the redemption might take place on any day during an Interest Period. See 
Condition 8.2. 
The withholding tax rate on interest payments in respect of bonds (such as the Notes) issued outside of 
Turkey by corporations that are tax residents in Turkey varies depending upon the original maturity of such bonds as 
specified under the Council of Ministers’ Decrees No. 2009/14592, 2009/14593 and 2009/14594, each dated 
12 January 2009, as amended by Decree No. 2010/1182 dated 20 December 2010, Decree No. 2011/1854 dated 
26 April 2011 and Presidential Decree No. 842 dated 20 March 2019 (together, the “Tax Decrees”). Pursuant to the 
Tax Decrees, the withholding tax rates are set according to the original maturity of debt instruments issued abroad as 
follows: (a) 7% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of less than one year, (b) 3% 
withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of at least one year and less than three years and (c) 
0% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of three years or more. 
Issuer Call. If “Issuer Call” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together (if 
applicable) with all interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. To the 
extent Notes have such an optional redemption feature, the Issuer can be expected to redeem such Notes when its 
cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on such Notes. In addition, in the case of any Floating Rate Notes, 
redemption might take place on any day during an Interest Period. See Condition 8.3. 
Effective Subordination – Claims of Noteholders under the Notes will be effectively subordinated to those of certain other 
creditors 
While Notes issued with the Conditions will rank pari passu with all of the Bank’s other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness, the Notes will be effectively subordinated to the Bank’s secured indebtedness and 
securitisations, if any, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such transactions, and will be subject to certain 
preferential obligations under Turkish law (including, without limitation, liabilities that are preferred by reason of reserve 
and/or liquidity requirements required by law to be maintained by the Bank with the Central Bank, claims of individual 
depositors with the Bank to the extent of any amount that such depositors are not fully able to recover from the SDIF, claims 
that the SDIF might have against the Bank and claims that the Central Bank might have against the Bank with respect to 
certain loans made by it to the Bank). In addition: (a) creditors of the Bank benefiting from collateral provided by the Bank 
will have preferential rights with respect to such collateral (e.g., creditors in a covered bond programme) and (b) creditors of 
a foreign branch of the Bank might have preferential rights with respect to the assets of such branch. Any such preferential 
claims might reduce the amount recoverable by the Noteholders on any dissolution, winding up or liquidation of the Bank 
and might result in an investor in the Notes losing all or some of its investment. 
Change of Interest Basis – If a Series of Notes includes a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or vice versa, then this might affect the secondary market and the market price of an investment in such Notes 
Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis with respect to a Series of Notes, 
might affect the secondary market and the market price of investments in such Notes as the change of interest basis might 
result in a lower interest return for investors. Where Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on such 
Notes might be less favourable than then-prevailing spreads on comparable securities tied to the same reference rate. In 
addition, the new floating rate at any time might be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where Notes convert from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate might be lower than then-prevailing rates on those Notes and might affect the market price 
of an investment in such Notes.

--- Page 56 ---
37 
Settlement Currency – In certain circumstances, investors might need to open a bank account in the Specified Currency of 
their Notes, payment might be made in a currency other than as elected by a Noteholder or the currency in which payment is 
made might affect the value of an investment in the Notes or such payment to the relevant Noteholder 
In the case of Turkish Lira-denominated Notes held other than through DTC, unless “USD Payment Election” is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an election to receive payments in U.S. dollars as provided in 
Condition 7.8 is made, holders of such Notes would need to have or open (and maintain) a Turkish Lira-denominated bank 
account, and no assurance can be given that Noteholders will be able to do so either inside or outside of Turkey. For so long 
as such Notes are in global form, any Noteholder who does not maintain such a bank account will be unable to transfer 
Turkish Lira funds (whether from payments on, or the proceeds of any sale of, such Notes) from its account at a clearing 
system to which any such payment is made. 
Under Condition 7.8, if the Fiscal Agent receives cleared funds from the Bank in respect of Turkish Lira-
denominated Notes held other than through DTC after the relevant time on the Relevant Payment Date, then the Fiscal Agent 
will use reasonable efforts to pay any U.S. dollar amounts that Noteholders have elected to receive in respect of such funds as 
soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. If, for illegality or any other reason, it is not possible for the Fiscal Agent to 
purchase U.S. dollars with any Turkish Lira funds received, then the relevant payments in respect of such Notes will be made 
in Turkish Lira. 
As any currency election in respect of any payment to be made under such Turkish Lira-denominated Notes for the 
purposes of Condition 7.8 is irrevocable: (a) its exercise might (at least temporarily) affect the liquidity of the applicable 
Notes, (b) a Noteholder would not be permitted to change its election notwithstanding changes in exchange rates or other 
market conditions and (c) if the Fiscal Agent cannot, for any reason, effect the conversion of the amount paid by the Issuer in 
Turkish Lira, then Noteholders will receive the relevant amount in Turkish Lira. 
For Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars that are held through DTC, if a Noteholder 
wishes to receive payment in such Specified Currency, then it would need to have or open and maintain a bank account in 
such Specified Currency. Any Noteholder who does not maintain such a bank account will be unable to receive payments on 
such Notes in the Specified Currency. Absent an affirmative election to receive such payments in the Specified Currency, the 
Exchange Agent will convert any such payment made by the Issuer in the Specified Currency into U.S. dollars and the 
holders of such Notes will receive payment in U.S. dollars through DTC’s normal procedures. See Condition 7.9. 
Noteholders will have no recourse to the Bank, any Agent or any other Person for any reduction in value to the 
holder of any relevant Notes or any payment made in respect of such Notes as a result of such payment being made in the 
Specified Currency or in accordance with any currency election made by that holder, including as a result of any foreign 
exchange rate spreads, conversion fees or commissions resulting from any exchange of such payment into any currency other 
than the Specified Currency. Such exchange, and any fees and commissions related thereto, or payment made in the Specified 
Currency might result in a Noteholder receiving an amount that is less than the amount that such Noteholder might have 
obtained had it received the payment in the Specified Currency and converted such payment in an alternative manner or if 
payment had been made in accordance with the relevant currency election. 
Furthermore, any claim against the Bank that is denominated in a foreign currency would, in the event of bankruptcy 
of the Bank, only be payable in Turkish Lira. The relevant exchange rate for determining the Turkish Lira-equivalent amount 
of any such claim would be the Central Bank’s exchange rate for the purchase of the relevant currency that is effective on the 
date the relevant court decides on bankruptcy of the Bank in accordance with the applicable laws of Turkey. 
Benchmarks Uncertainty – The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” might adversely affect the value of investments in 
Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks”
Certain interest rates and indices that are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including LIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, 
EURIBOR, TLREF, TRLIBOR, ROBOR, PRIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR, NIBOR, WIBOR, CNH HIBOR, KLIBOR and 
TIBOR) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms might cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely or to have other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequences might have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a “benchmark.”

--- Page 57 ---
38 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it: (a) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (b) prevents certain uses by EU-supervised entities (as defined in Article 3(1)(17) of 
the Benchmarks Regulation) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation might have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of such benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes might, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, might increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a 
result of the absence of relevant active underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of 
benchmark reforms) for market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. Having made a series of prior 
announcements that the continuation of LIBOR was not guaranteed after 2021, the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct 
Authority (the “FCA”) finally announced on 5 March 2021, and the administrator of LIBOR (ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited) confirmed, the cessation of publication of all non-USD LIBORs and certain tenors of USD LIBOR after 31 
December 2021, though the FCA and ICE Benchmark Administration Limited also announced that the publication of USD 
LIBOR for the most common tenors (i.e., overnight and one, three, six and 12 months) would be extended through 30 June 
2023. As to those continuing tenors, U.S. banking regulators have emphasised, however, that, despite any continued 
publication of USD LIBOR, banks were encouraged to stop entering into new USD LIBOR contracts “as soon as possible” 
and, in any event, by no later than 31 December 2021. Although the foregoing might provide some expectations, there is no 
assurance that LIBOR, of any particular currency and tenor, will continue to be published until any particular date. 
In addition, European Money Markets Institute, as the registered benchmark administrator of EURIBOR, shifted in 
2019 from a quote-based methodology of calculating EURIBOR to a hybrid methodology that is based upon contributions of 
individual panel banks that submit transaction-based data. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there is not yet an 
established market standard for an alternative rate for EURIBOR. On 21 January 2019, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro-denominated cash products (including bonds), which 
guiding principles indicate (inter alia) that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts without robust fallback 
provisions may increase the risk to the eurozone’s financial system. On 6 November 2019, the working group on euro risk-
free rates published high-level recommendations for alternative rates in contracts for cash products and derivatives 
transactions that reference EURIBOR without specifically naming the Euro Short-term Rate (referred to as “€STR”), the new 
risk-free rate that has been published by the ECB since 2 October 2019, as the standard alternative. On 23 November 2020, 
the working group on euro risk-free rates published consultations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and €STR-based 
EURIBOR fallback rates, which consultations are designed to seek the views of market participants as to the events that 
would trigger a EURIBOR fallback and as to which €STR-based rates would be most appropriate in the event of the 
application of a fallback to EURIBOR. Feedback on these consultations has not been published as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Based upon current developments in the derivatives markets, it is likely, but by no means certain, that €STR or a 
term rate of €STR will be the relevant alternative fallback rate for EURIBOR. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether and to what extent certain benchmarks will be supported going 
forward. This might cause a benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past, and might have other 
consequences that cannot be predicted. 
Such factors might have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (a) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark, (b) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in the benchmark and/or (c) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations might have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any investment in Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Condition 6.7 provides for certain fallback arrangements (the “benchmark discontinuation provisions”) in the event 
that LIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, EURIBOR, TLREF, TRLIBOR, ROBOR, PRIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR, NIBOR, WIBOR, CNH

--- Page 58 ---
39 
HIBOR, KLIBOR, TIBOR or any other relevant benchmark is discontinued or no longer published or a Benchmark Event 
otherwise occurs, including the possibility that the rate of interest on the applicable Notes could be set by reference to a 
successor rate or an alternative reference rate and, in either case, as adjusted by reference to an Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as applicable. With respect to the benchmark rates for Notes (other than Notes that 
reference USD LIBOR or SOFR for which the applicable Final Terms specify Condition 6.7(II) as being applicable), to the 
extent that the relevant benchmark is discontinued or no longer published or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs with 
respect thereto, and no alternative, successor or replacement reference rate is identified or selected in accordance with the 
benchmark discontinuation provisions, then the rate of interest on the applicable Notes will be determined by the fallback 
provisions provided for under Condition 6.2(b); however, such provisions, being dependent in part upon the provision by 
reference banks, might not operate as intended depending upon market circumstances and the availability of interest rate 
information at the relevant time and might in certain circumstances result in the effective application of a fixed rate based 
upon the rate that applied in the previous period when any relevant benchmark was available, in effect resulting in such Notes 
becoming fixed rate notes. Any of these alternative methods might result in interest payments that are lower than or that do 
not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that would have been made on the applicable Notes if any relevant 
benchmark were available in their current form. Additionally, if any relevant benchmark rate is discontinued or no longer 
published, then there can be no assurance that the applicable fallback provisions under any related swap agreements would 
operate so as to ensure that the benchmark rate used to determine payments under any related swap agreements is the same as 
that used to determine interest payments under the applicable Notes. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions or the Agency Agreement, the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders is not required in the case of amendments to the Conditions pursuant to the benchmark 
discontinuation provisions to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate(s) or amount of interest or the basis for 
calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the applicable Notes or for any other variation of the Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement required to be made in the circumstances described in the benchmark discontinuation provisions where 
the Issuer has delivered to the Calculation Agent a certificate in the form and manner required by the benchmark 
discontinuation provisions. Any such amendment made pursuant to the benchmark discontinuation provisions might have 
unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each 
Noteholder or Couponholder, any such amendment will be favourable to each Noteholder or Couponholder. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and 
the involvement of the Issuer and/or an Independent Adviser in accordance with the benchmark discontinuation provisions, 
the relevant benchmark discontinuation provisions might not operate as intended at the relevant time. More generally, any of 
the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant benchmark might have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the applicable Notes. No assurance may be 
provided that relevant changes will not be made to LIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, EURIBOR, TLREF, TRLIBOR, ROBOR, 
PRIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR, NIBOR, WIBOR, CNH HIBOR, KLIBOR, TIBOR or any other relevant benchmark and/or that 
such benchmarks will continue to exist. Investors should consider these matters and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by benchmark reforms and investigations when making their investment decision with respect to the 
Notes. 
Any of the factors above and their consequences might have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, 
value of and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the current uncertainty related to the discontinuation of benchmarks, the benchmark discontinuation provisions 
set out in Condition 6.7 and the Benchmarks Regulation in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked 
to or referencing a benchmark. 
SOFR – The use of SOFR as a benchmark (either initially or as a fallback for LIBOR) is subject to various uncertainties 
On 25 April 2019, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee announced its final recommendations for fallback 
provisions for floating rate notes that set their interest rates based upon USD LIBOR, including the use of SOFR (as defined 
in Condition 6.7(II)). As SOFR is a new benchmark with limited historical use in the international capital markets, its impact 
and development are uncertain. These uncertainties include the following:

--- Page 59 ---
40 
Term SOFR might not be available by the time USD LIBOR is expected to cease publication. It is possible 
that “Term SOFR,” the first replacement for USD LIBOR under the transition provisions in Condition 6.7(II) 
following a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, will not be available by the time USD 
LIBOR ceases to be published (currently expected to occur in June 2023). If USD LIBOR ceases to be published 
before the last interest rate reset date for a Series of USD LIBOR-based Floating Rate Notes, then such Series will, 
most likely, use “SOFR” as the replacement for USD LIBOR. If Term SOFR were to begin being published 
thereafter, then the interest rate for such Series will continue to be calculated based upon SOFR even if Term SOFR 
were to be a more favourable rate for investors in such Series. 
The composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of USD LIBOR and there is no 
guarantee that SOFR is a comparable substitute for USD LIBOR. The composition and characteristics of SOFR are 
not the same as those of USD LIBOR. SOFR is a broad U.S. Treasury “repo” financing rate that represents 
overnight secured funding transactions, which means that SOFR is fundamentally different from USD LIBOR in at 
least two key manners. Firstly, SOFR is a secured rate while USD LIBOR is an unsecured rate. Secondly, SOFR is 
an overnight rate while USD LIBOR represents interbank funding over different maturities. As a result, there can be 
no assurance that SOFR will perform in the same way as USD LIBOR would have at any time, including (without 
limitation) as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional 
economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events. For example, since publication of SOFR began in 
April 2018, changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than changes in comparable benchmark or other 
market rates (including USD LIBOR). 
Because SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as administrator of SOFR, based 
upon data received from other sources, the Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication; 
in addition, there can be no assurance that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that 
is materially adverse to the interests of investors in SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes. If the provisions of 
Condition 6.7(II) applies to a Series of USD LIBOR Floating Rate Notes, then, if a Benchmark Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date occur with respect to USD LIBOR, the rate of interest on such Notes will be 
determined based upon SOFR (unless a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date also occur 
with respect to SOFR, in which case the rate of interest will be based upon the next-available replacement rate). In 
the following discussion of SOFR, references to SOFR-linked securities mean the USD LIBOR Floating Rate Notes 
at any time when the rate of interest on such Notes is or will be determined based upon SOFR. 
SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the “FRBNY”) and is intended to be a broad 
measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralised by U.S. Treasury securities. The FRBNY reports that 
SOFR includes all trades in the “Broad General Collateral Rate” plus bilateral U.S. Treasury “repo” transactions 
cleared through the delivery-versus-payment service offered by the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (the 
“FICC”), a subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”). SOFR is filtered by the FRBNY 
to remove a portion of the foregoing transactions considered to be “specials.” According to the FRBNY, “specials” 
are repos for specific-issue collateral that take place at cash-lending rates below those for general collateral repos 
because cash providers are willing to accept a lesser return on their cash in order to obtain a particular security. 
The FRBNY reports that SOFR is calculated as a volume-weighted median of transaction-level tri-party 
repo data collected from The Bank of New York Mellon, which currently acts as the clearing bank for the tri-party 
repo market, as well as “General Collateral Finance Repo” transaction data and data on bilateral U.S. Treasury repo 
transactions cleared through the FICC’s delivery-versus-payment service. The FRBNY notes that it obtains 
information from DTCC Solutions LLC, an affiliate of DTCC. 
The FRBNY currently publishes SOFR on each of its business days on its website at 
https://apps.newyorkfed.org/markets/autorates/sofr. The FRBNY states on its publication page for SOFR that use of 
SOFR is subject to important disclaimers, limitations and indemnification obligations, including that the FRBNY (or 
a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision 
practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. 
Because SOFR is published by the FRBNY based upon data received from other sources, the Issuer has no 
control over its determination, calculation or publication. In addition, there can be no assurance that SOFR will not 
be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in SOFR-

--- Page 60 ---
41 
linked securities. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, then such change might result in a reduction 
of the amount of interest payable on SOFR-linked securities, which might adversely affect the market price of an 
investment in such SOFR-linked securities. 
As noted above, the FRBNY started publishing SOFR in April 2018, and the SOFR Index began on 
2 March 2020, and, therefore, each has a very limited history. The FRBNY also publishes historical indicative 
SOFRs dating back to 2014, but the future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based upon historical 
performance. Such historical indicative data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. 
Investors should not rely upon such historical indicative data or upon any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an 
indicator of the future performance of SOFR. Since the initial publication of SOFR, changes in SOFR have, on 
occasion, been more volatile than changes in comparable benchmark or other market rates (including USD LIBOR) 
and SOFR over the term of any Series of SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes might bear little or no relation to the 
historical actual or historical indicative data. In addition, the return on and value of SOFR-linked securities might 
fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities that are linked to less volatile rates. Changes in the levels of SOFR 
will affect Compounded SOFR and the SOFR Index and, therefore, the return on any related SOFR-linked Notes 
and the trading price of such Notes but it is impossible to predict whether such levels will rise or fall. Furthermore, 
there can be no assurance that Compounded SOFR or SOFR will be positive. 
SOFR might fail to gain market acceptance. SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives 
and other financial contracts as an alternative to USD LIBOR in part because it is considered representative of 
general funding conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market; however, as a rate based upon transactions 
secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to 
correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This might mean that market participants would not 
consider SOFR a suitable substitute or successor for all of the purposes for which USD LIBOR historically has been 
used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which 
might, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SOFR. Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in 
relation to risk free rates (such as SOFR) as reference rates in the capital markets. The use of the SOFR Index or the 
specific formula for the Compounded SOFR rate used in any relevant Notes might not be widely adopted by other 
market participants, if at all. If the market adopts a different calculation method, then that might adversely affect the 
market value of investments in any SOFR-linked Notes. 
In addition, an established trading market for SOFR-linked securities might never develop or, if developed, 
might not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities that are linked to SOFR, such as the spread over the base 
rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, might evolve over time and, as a result, the market price of an 
investment in SOFR-linked securities might be lower than those of later-issued debt securities that are linked to 
SOFR. Similarly, if SOFR does not prove to be widely used in debt securities that are similar or comparable to the 
Notes, then the market price of an investment in SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes might be lower than that of debt 
securities that are linked to rates that are more widely used. An investor in SOFR-linked Notes might not be able to 
sell their investment in such Notes at all or at a price that will provide such investor a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market and, thus, such investor might suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk with respect to its investment in such Notes. 
The calculation of interest might not accurately reflect an investor’s cost of funding. The interest payable 
on any Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as SOFR Index 
will be based upon Compounded SOFR, which is calculated using the SOFR Index published by the FRBNY 
according to the specific formula described under Condition 6.2(b)(v), not the SOFR rate published on or in respect 
of a particular date during any Interest Period or an arithmetic average of SOFR rates during such period. For this 
and other reasons, the interest rate on any such Notes during any Interest Period will not necessarily be the same as 
the interest rate on other SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest 
rate. Furthermore, if the SOFR rate in respect of a particular date during an Interest Period is negative, then its 
contribution to the SOFR Index will be less than one, resulting in a reduction to Compounded SOFR used to 
calculate the interest payable on the relevant Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. 
Under Condition 6.7(II), if a particular replacement rate cannot be determined for Floating Rate Notes 
linked to USD LIBOR or SOFR for which the applicable Final Terms specify Condition 6.7(II) as being applicable, 
then the next-available replacement rate will apply. In addition, such Condition expressly authorises the Issuer to

--- Page 61 ---
42 
make certain adjustments to the replacement rate as are necessary to reflect the adoption of the replacement rate, 
substantially consistent with market practice, without the consent or approval of the Noteholders. The application of 
these adjustments might result in adverse consequences to the amount of interest payable on such Notes, which 
might adversely affect the return on, value of and/or market for an investment in such Notes. 
Furthermore, interest on SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes is only capable of being determined at the end 
of the relevant Interest Period and immediately or shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It might be 
difficult for investors in SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes to estimate reliably the amount of interest that will be 
payable on such securities, and some investors might be unable or unwilling to trade such securities without changes 
to their information technology systems, both of which might adversely impact the liquidity of such securities. This 
same lack of advanced notice of the amount of an interest payment would also apply upon an acceleration after an 
Event of Default. 
The SOFR Index Benchmark Replacement is uncertain and any replacement is likely to be a relatively new 
market index. If the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as SOFR Index and the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Event for SOFR and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred before 
the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the applicable Benchmark on any date, then the Issuer will 
determine a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with the benchmark transition provisions described in 
Condition 6.7(II). After such an event, interest on the relevant Notes will no longer be determined by reference to 
the applicable Benchmark but instead will be determined by reference to the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
The determination of a Benchmark Replacement, the calculation of the interest rate on the relevant Notes 
by reference to a Benchmark Replacement (including the application of a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment), 
any implementation of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and any other determinations, decisions or 
elections that may be made under the terms of such Notes in connection with a Benchmark Event for SOFR might 
adversely affect the return on, value of and/or market for an investment in such Notes. Any Benchmark Replacement 
will likely be a relatively new market index and might itself be thereafter altered or discontinued. 
The SOFR Index may be modified or discontinued and Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as SOFR Index might bear interest by reference to a rate other than 
Compounded SOFR, which might adversely affect the value of an investment in any such Notes. The SOFR Index is 
published by the FRBNY based upon data received by it from sources other than the Issuer and the Issuer has no 
control over the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of the SOFR 
Index. There can be no assurance, particularly given its relatively recent introduction, that the SOFR Index will not 
be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in any 
relevant Notes. 
If the manner in which the SOFR Index is calculated, including the manner in which SOFR is calculated, is 
changed, then that change might result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on any relevant Notes and/or 
the value of and/or market for an investment in such Notes. In addition, the FRBNY may withdraw, modify or 
amend the published SOFR Index or SOFR data in its sole discretion and without notice. The interest rate for any 
Interest Period will not be adjusted for any modifications or amendments to the SOFR Index or SOFR data that the 
FRBNY may publish after the interest rate for that Interest Period has been determined. 
SONIA – The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Notes specifies that the interest rate for such Notes will be 
determined by reference to the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), interest will be determined on the basis of 
Compounded Daily SONIA (as defined in Condition 6.2(b)(iii)) by the Calculation Agent or, if the Calculation Method is 
specified as being “Compounded Index Rate,” by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index. Compounded Daily SONIA 
differs from sterling LIBOR in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that Compounded Daily SONIA 
is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas sterling LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term and includes a credit risk-element based upon inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware 
that sterling LIBOR and SONIA might behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes. The use of SONIA 
as a reference rate for debt instruments is nascent, and is subject to change and development, both in terms of the substance

--- Page 62 ---
43 
of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of debt securities 
referencing SONIA. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA should be aware that the 
market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative 
to sterling LIBOR. For example, the SONIA Compounded Index has not been published until August 2020 and, accordingly, 
the Compounded Daily SONIA derived from the SONIA Compounded Index is not a rate commonly used in the market for 
calculating interest rates (including, pre-August 2020, floating rate notes that reference SONIA). In the context of backwards-
looking SONIA rates, market participants and relevant working groups are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, assessing 
the differences between compounded rates and weighted average rates, and such groups (including ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited and Refinitiv) have developed, and other groups (such as FTSE Russell) are continuing to develop, 
forward-looking ‘term’ SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average 
SONIA rate over a designated term by reference, primarily, to SONIA Overnight Index Swap quotes provided in interdealer 
central limit order books and, where such data is unavailable, subject to a waterfall of alternative data). The adoption of 
SONIA might, accordingly, see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from sterling LIBOR 
or another reference rate to SONIA. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set 
out in Condition 6.2(b)(iii) as applicable to Notes referencing a SONIA rate. In addition, the Issuer may in the future issue 
Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA-
referenced Notes issued by it. The nascent development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for the 
capital markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, might result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or might otherwise affect the market price of any 
SONIA-referenced Notes from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes that reference Compounded Daily SONIA is only capable of being determined 
immediately or shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It might be difficult for investors in Notes that reference 
Compounded Daily SONIA to estimate reliably the amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes, and some investors 
might be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their information technology systems, both of which 
might adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, if Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 11, or are otherwise 
redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, then the rate of interest payable for the final Interest Period in 
respect of such Notes shall only be determined immediately or shortly prior to the date on which such Notes become due and 
payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the eurobond market might differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets 
might impact any hedging or other financial arrangements that they might put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of investments in Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA. 
As SONIA and the SONIA Compounded Index are published by the Bank of England based upon data from other 
sources, the Issuer has no control over their determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that SONIA 
and the SONIA Compounded Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse 
to the interests of investors in floating rate Notes that reference SONIA. If the manner in which SONIA and/or the SONIA 
Compounded Index is calculated is changed, then that change might result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on 
the relevant Notes and the trading prices of investments in such Notes. Furthermore, to the extent the SONIA Compounded 
Index is no longer published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest on floating rate Notes will be 
determined using the alternative methods described in Condition 6.2(b)(iii). Such alternative methods might result in interest 
payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on such 
Notes if SONIA and/or the SONIA Compounded Index had been provided by the Bank of England in its current form. In 
addition, the use of such alternative methods might also result in a fixed rate of interest being applied to the relevant Notes. 
Since SONIA is a relatively new market index, Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA might have no established 
trading market when issued and an established trading market might never develop or might not be very liquid. Market terms 
for debt securities indexed to SONIA, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, might evolve

--- Page 63 ---
44 
over time and, as a result, the market price of an investment in SONIA-linked securities might be lower than those of later-
issued debt securities that are linked to SONIA. Similarly, if SONIA does not prove to be widely used in debt securities that 
are similar or comparable to the Notes, then the market price of an investment in SONIA-linked Floating Rate Notes might 
be lower than that of debt securities that are linked to rates that are more widely used. An investor in SONIA-linked Notes 
might not be able to sell their investment in such Notes at all or at a price that will provide such investor a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market and, thus, such investor might suffer from increased from 
increased pricing volatility and market risk with respect to its investment in such Notes. 
Accordingly, an investment in Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA entails significant risks not associated with 
similar investments in conventional debt securities. Any investor should ensure that it understands the nature of the terms of 
such Notes and the extent of its exposure to risk and that it considers the suitability of such Notes as an investment in the 
light of its own circumstances and financial condition. An investor should consult its own professional advisers about the 
risks associated with investment in Notes that reference SONIA and the suitability of investing in such Notes in light of its 
particular circumstances. 
Sustainable Notes - The application of the net proceeds of Sustainable Notes as described in “Use of Proceeds” might not 
meet investor expectations or be (or remain) suitable for an investor’s investment criteria 
The Programme provides for the issuance of Sustainable Notes. The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific 
Tranche of Sustainable Notes will provide that the proceeds of such Notes will (or, as of the Issue Date, are intended to) (in 
accordance with the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework) be used to finance (including refinance) certain Eligible Loans, 
for which the Issuer will exercise its judgment and sole discretion in determining the businesses and projects that satisfy the 
eligibility criteria in the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework. The Issuer might periodically engage a third-party auditor 
or other person to provide an assessment on the alignment of the allocation of such proceeds with the Sustainable Finance 
Framework’s criteria. A prospective investor in any Sustainable Notes should have regard to the information in “Use of 
Proceeds” and the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of the net proceeds of such Sustainable Notes and must 
determine for itself the relevance of such information (together with any other investigation that such investor deems 
necessary, including a review of the then-applicable Sustainable Finance Framework) for the purpose of such investor’s 
investment in such Sustainable Notes. In addition, the Sustainable Finance Framework can be amended by the Issuer from 
time to time. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, any Arranger, any Dealer or any Agent that the use of such 
proceeds for any Eligible Loan(s) will satisfy, whether in whole or part, any present or future expectations of such investor or 
any of such investor’s requirements with respect to any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor and/or its 
investments are required to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the proceeds of any Eligible Loans may be for 
specific assets and projects or to “pure play” companies, which are defined in the Sustainable Finance Framework as 
enterprises that are expected to derive at least 90% of their turnover from assets aligned with defined eligibility criteria, the 
proceeds of which loans could be used by such entity for its general corporate purposes. 
In addition, it should be noted that there is no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor any market 
consensus as to what constitutes, a “green,” “social,” “sustainability” or similarly labelled project or as to what attributes are 
required for a particular project to be so considered, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus 
will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly change; however, the EU’s regulation on 
the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”), which is subject to a phased 
implementation, provides some definition for such topics within the EU. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given 
(whether by the Issuer, an Arranger, a Dealer, the Agents or any other person) to any investor in a Sustainable Note that: (a) 
any project or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Loans will meet all or any of such investor’s expectations 
regarding any “green,” “social,” “sustainability” or similarly labelled performance objectives or investment criteria, (b) any 
adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the 
subject of, or related to, any Eligible Loans or (c) the Sustainable Finance Framework will be aligned with the EU Taxonomy 
or any other sustainability framework. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any report, 
assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) that might or might not be made 
available in connection with the issuance of any Sustainable Notes, including (in particular) to the extent addressing whether 
any Eligible Loan fulfils any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria. Any such report, assessment, opinion 
or certification does not, nor shall be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor is incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. Any such 
report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, any Arranger,

--- Page 64 ---
45 
any Dealer, any Agent or any other person to invest in any Sustainable Notes. Any such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification is only current as of the date it was issued. Prospective investors in Sustainable Notes must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification, the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of such report, assessment, opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in Sustainable Notes. The 
providers of such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications might not be subject to any specific oversight or regulatory 
or other regime. 
In the event that any Sustainable Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green,” “environmental,” 
“social,” “sustainability” or other similarly labelled securities exchange or market (or segment thereof), whether or not 
regulated, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, any Arranger, any Dealer, any Agent or any other person that 
such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. In addition, 
the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading might vary from one securities exchange or market to another. No 
representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, any Arranger, any Dealer, any Agent or any other person that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Sustainable Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the applicable Sustainable Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds of any Sustainable Notes and obtain and publish the 
relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially in, the manner described in “Use of Proceeds,” 
there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to do so. In addition, there can be no assurance that any Eligible Loans 
will be completed within any specified period or at all or with respect to the results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environment, social goals, sustainability goals or similar) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event, the net proceeds of any issue of Sustainable Notes not being applied for any Eligible Loans or the 
Issuer’s not obtaining and/or publishing any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications will neither constitute an 
“Event of Default” under the relevant Sustainable Notes nor give rise to any other claim of an investor in such Sustainable 
Notes against the Issuer. The withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any such 
report, assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for 
which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is reporting, assessing, opining or certifying on, and/or any such 
Sustainable Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any securities exchange or market, as aforesaid, might 
have a material adverse effect on the value of an investment in such Sustainable Notes and/or result in adverse consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Risks Relating to Notes Denominated in Renminbi 
Notes may be denominated in Renminbi (“Renminbi Notes”). An investment in Renminbi Notes involves particular 
risks, including: 
Renminbi Convertibility – Renminbi is not completely freely convertible, there are significant restrictions on remittance of 
Renminbi into and outside the PRC and the liquidity of investments in Renminbi Notes is subject to such restrictions 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The government of the PRC 
(the “PRC Government”) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies despite significant 
reduction in the control by the PRC Government in recent years, particularly over trade transactions involving the import and 
export of goods and services and other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as 
current account items. Remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items, such as 
capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals 
from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a 
strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of 
capital account items are (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) being developed. 
Although Renminbi was, as of 1 October 2016, added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the 
International Monetary Fund and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in 
foreign currencies were implemented by the People’s Bank of China (the “PBoC”), there is no assurance that the PRC 
Government will continue to liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for 
Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated that

--- Page 65 ---
46 
have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. In the event that funds cannot 
be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this might affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the 
ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Renminbi Notes. 
Renminbi Availability – There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which might affect the liquidity of 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, licensed banks in Singapore and 
Hong Kong may offer limited Renminbi-denominated banking services to Singapore residents, Hong Kong residents and 
specified business customers. While the PBoC has entered into agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business (the 
“Settlement Agreements”) with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (the “RMB Clearing Banks”) 
including, but not limited to, Hong Kong, and is in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms 
in several other jurisdictions, the size of Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by the PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-border 
Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. In addition, Renminbi business 
participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBoC. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has 
access to onshore liquidity support from the PBoC for the purpose of settling open positions of participating banks for limited 
types of transactions. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank is not obliged to settle for participating banks any open positions 
resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. Where onshore liquidity support from the PBoC is 
not available, the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to settle such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is 
subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws on foreign exchange. There is no assurance that new PRC regulations will 
not be promulgated or the Settlement Agreements will not be terminated or amended so as to have the effect of restricting 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC might affect the liquidity of 
investments in the Renminbi Notes. To the extent that the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service 
the Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Although the Issuer’s primary obligation is to make all payments with respect to Renminbi Notes in Renminbi, 
where “RMB Currency Event” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event access to Renminbi 
becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of RMB Inconvertibility, RMB Non-Transferability or RMB Illiquidity (each 
as defined in Condition 7.11), the Issuer is unable to make any payment in respect of the Renminbi Note in Renminbi, the 
terms of such Renminbi Notes will permit the Issuer to make payment in U.S. dollars converted at the Spot Rate, all as 
provided in Condition 7.11. The value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar terms might vary with the prevailing 
exchange rates in the market. 
Renminbi Exchange Rate Risks – An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is 
affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. On 
11 December 2015, the China Foreign Exchange Trade System (the “CFETS”), a sub-institutional organisation of the PBoC, 
published the CFETS Renminbi exchange rate index for the first time, which index weighs the Renminbi based upon 13 
currencies, to guide the market in order to measure the Renminbi exchange rate. This change, and others that might be 
implemented, might increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against other currencies. All payments of interest and 
principal with respect to Renminbi Notes will be made in Renminbi unless “RMB Currency Event” is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and a RMB Currency Event occurs, in which case payment will be made in U.S. 
dollars converted at the Spot Rate. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollars or other foreign 
currency terms might vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of the Renminbi depreciates 
against the U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currencies, then the value of any investment in Renminbi Notes in terms of 
the U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency will decline.

--- Page 66 ---
47 
Renminbi Interest Rate Risk – An investment in fixed rate Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further liberalisation 
might increase interest rate volatility. If a Series of Renminbi Notes carries a fixed interest rate, then the trading price of an 
investment in such Renminbi Notes will vary with fluctuations in Renminbi interest rates. If an investor in Renminbi Notes 
tries to sell such investment, then they might receive an offer that is less than the amount invested. 
Renminbi Payment Mechanics – Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes will be made to investors in the manner specified in 
the Conditions 
Investors might be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account information) 
in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in Hong Kong or such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
All Renminbi payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely: (a) for so long as the Renminbi 
Notes are represented by Global Notes held with a common depositary (a “Common Depositary”) or common safekeeper (a 
“Common Safekeeper”), as the case may be, for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg” and, with Euroclear and DTC, the “Clearing Systems”) or any alternative clearing system, by 
transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or any such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance 
with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures or the rules and procedures of such 
alternative clearing system, or (b) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank 
account maintained in Hong Kong or such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing rules and 
regulations. Other than as described in Condition 7.11, the Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other means 
(including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
PRC Tax Consequences – There might be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the Renminbi Notes 
In considering whether to invest in the Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax advisers with 
regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situation, as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws 
of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the Noteholder’s investment in the Renminbi Notes might be materially and 
adversely affected if the Noteholder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and 
receiving payments under those Renminbi Notes.
Risks Relating to Investments in the Notes Generally
In addition to the structure-specific risks noted above, investors in the Notes will be subject to additional risks 
relating to investing in the Notes. Such risks that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on 
investors in the Notes are set out in this sub-category; it being understood that the following does not address any specific 
conditions of, or circumstances relating to, any particular investor (including such investor’s own tax, regulatory or other 
circumstances) but rather to investors generally speaking. 
No Secondary Market – An active secondary market in respect of the Notes might never be established or might be illiquid 
and this might adversely affect the price at which an investor could sell its investment in the Notes 
The Notes generally will have no established trading market when issued and one might never develop or, if 
developed, it might not be sustained. If a market does develop, then it might not be very liquid and investments in the Notes 
might trade at a discount to their initial offering price depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar 
securities, general economic conditions and the Bank’s financial condition. Therefore, investors might not be able to sell their 
investments in the Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or 
market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market 
and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. If an active trading market for investments in the Notes is not 
developed or maintained, then the market or trading price and liquidity of investments in the Notes might be adversely 
affected.

--- Page 67 ---
48 
Market Price Volatility – The market price of an investment in the Notes might be subject to a significant degree of volatility 
The market price of an investment in the Notes might be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or 
anticipated variations in market interest rates, the Issuer’s operating results, adverse business developments, changes to the 
regulatory environment in which the Group operates, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts and the actual or 
expected sale by the Group of other debt securities, as well as other factors, including the trading market for debt issued by 
Turkish governmental entities. In addition, in recent years the global financial markets have experienced significant price and 
volume fluctuations that, if repeated in the future, might adversely affect the market price of an investment in the Notes 
without regard to the Issuer’s financial condition or results of operations. For example: (a) investment in Fixed Rate Notes 
involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the interest rate paid on such Fixed Rate Notes, then 
this will adversely affect the market price of an investment in such Fixed Rate Notes, and (b) investment in any Notes 
involves the risk of adverse changes in the market price of an investment in such Notes if the interest rate or (for Floating 
Rate Notes) margin of new similar debt instruments of the Issuer would be higher. 
Consent for Modifications – The Conditions contain provisions that permit their modification without the consent of all of the 
investors in the applicable Series 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally and for Extraordinary Resolutions to be passed in writing or by way of electronic consents. These provisions permit 
investors in the Notes in a Series holding defined percentages of the Notes of such Series to bind all investors in the Notes of 
such Series, including investors that did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting (or did not sign such a written resolution 
or provide such electronic consent, as applicable) and investors that voted in a manner contrary to the decision of the deciding 
group. As a result, decisions might be taken by the holders of such defined percentages of the Notes of a Series that are 
contrary to the preferences of any particular investor in such Series. 
In addition, the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders is not required in the case of 
amendments to the Conditions pursuant to the benchmark discontinuation provisions described above under “-Benchmarks 
Uncertainty” to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate(s) or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any 
Interest Amount in respect of the Notes or for any other variation of the Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required to 
be made in the circumstances described in the benchmark discontinuation provisions. 
Further Issues – The Issuer may issue further Notes of any Series, which would dilute the existing Noteholders’ share of the 
Notes of such Series 
As permitted by the Conditions, the Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders of a Series 
create and issue further Notes of such Series; provided that (among other conditions) such further Notes will be fungible with 
the outstanding Notes of such Series for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of their issuance being a “qualified 
reopening” under U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.1275-2(k) unless the original Notes were, and such further Notes are, offered 
and sold by (or on behalf of) the Issuer solely in reliance upon Regulation S in offshore transactions to Persons other than 
U.S. persons. To the extent that the Issuer issues further Notes of a Series, the share of an existing Noteholder of such Series 
(e.g., in respect of any meeting of holders of the Notes of that Series (see “-Consent for Modifications”)) will be diluted. 
Transfer Restrictions – Transfers of investments in the Notes will be subject to certain restrictions and investments in Global 
Notes can only be held through a Clearing System 
Although the CMB has granted the CMB Approval authorising the issuance of a maximum principal amount of 
Notes (and other securities) pursuant to Decree 32, the Capital Markets Law, the Debt Instruments Communiqué and other 
related laws as debt securities to be offered outside of Turkey, the Notes have not been and are not expected to be registered: 
(a) under the Securities Act or any applicable state’s or other jurisdiction’s securities laws or (b) other than by the Central 
Bank of Ireland as described herein, with the SEC or any other applicable state’s or other jurisdiction’s regulatory authorities. 
The offering of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) will be made pursuant to exemptions from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with other securities laws. Accordingly, reoffers, resales, pledges and 
other transfers of investments in the Notes will be subject to certain transfer restrictions. Each investor is advised to consult 
its legal advisers in connection with any such reoffer, resale, pledge or other transfer. See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.”

--- Page 68 ---
49 
Because transfers of interests in the Global Notes can be effected only through book entries at the applicable 
Clearing System(s) for the accounts of their respective direct participants, the liquidity of any secondary market for 
investments in the Global Notes might be reduced to the extent that some investors are unwilling or unable to invest in Notes 
held in book-entry form in the name of a direct participant in the applicable Clearing System. The ability to pledge interests 
in the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) might be limited due to the lack of a physical certificate. In the event of the 
insolvency of a Clearing System or any of their respective participants in whose name interests in the Notes are recorded (or 
any indirect participants), the ability of beneficial owners to obtain timely or ultimate payment of principal and interest on the 
Notes might be impaired. 
Enforcement of Judgments – It might not be possible for investors to enforce foreign judgments against the Bank or its 
management 
The Bank is a joint stock company organised under the laws of Turkey (specifically, under the Banking Law). 
Certain of the directors and officers of the Bank reside inside Turkey and all or a substantial portion of the assets of such 
persons might be, and substantially all of the assets of the Bank are, located in Turkey. As a result, it might not be possible 
for investors in the Notes to effect service of process upon such persons outside Turkey or to enforce against them in the 
courts of jurisdictions other than Turkey any judgments obtained in such courts that are predicated upon the applicable laws 
of such other jurisdictions. 
In addition, under Turkey’s International Private and Procedure Law (Law No. 5718), a judgment of a court 
established in a country other than Turkey might not be enforced in Turkish courts in certain circumstances. There is no 
treaty between the United Kingdom and Turkey providing for reciprocal enforcement of judgments; however, Turkish courts 
have rendered at least one judgment confirming de facto reciprocity between the United Kingdom and Turkey with respect to 
the enforcement of judgments of their respective courts. Nevertheless, since de facto reciprocity is decided by the relevant 
court on a case-by-case basis, there is uncertainty as to the enforceability of court judgments obtained in the United Kingdom 
by Turkish courts. The same might apply for judgments obtained in other jurisdictions. For further information, see 
“Enforcement of Judgments and Service of Process.”
Change in Law – The value or market price of an investment in the Notes might be adversely affected by a change in the laws 
of England or Turkey or in administrative practice in those jurisdictions 
The Conditions are based upon the applicable laws of England and Turkey and administrative practice in effect as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, and having regard to the expected tax treatment of all relevant entities under such applicable 
laws and practice. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the applicable 
laws of England or Turkey (or the applicable laws of any other jurisdiction) (including any change in regulation that might 
occur without a change in the primary legislation) or administrative practice in England or Turkey after the date of this Base 
Prospectus, nor can any assurance be given as to whether any such change might materially adversely affect the ability of the 
Issuer to make payments under the Notes or the value or market price of an investment in the Notes. 
Definitive Notes might need to be Issued – Investors who hold interests in Global Notes in denominations that are not a 
Specified Denomination might be adversely affected if Definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Global Notes or Registered Global Notes (each a “Global Note”) and having 
denominations consisting of a minimum specified denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller 
amount (the “Specified Denomination”), it is possible that interests in such Global Notes might be traded in amounts in 
excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In 
such a case, an investor who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount that is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in an account with the relevant Clearing System at the relevant time: (a) would not be able to sell the 
remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination and (b) may not receive a Definitive Note in 
respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes replace the applicable Global Note) and would need to purchase or sell a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a 
Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, then the holders thereof should be aware that Definitive Notes that have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination might be illiquid and difficult to trade.

--- Page 69 ---
50 
Reliance upon Clearing Systems – Investors in Global Notes will be subject to the rules of the applicable Clearing System 
and their ability to exercise rights relating to the Notes directly might be limited 
Unless issued in definitive form, the Notes will be represented on issue by one or more Global Note(s) that will be: 
(a) deposited with and (if issued in registered form) registered in the name of a nominee for a Common Depositary or a 
Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) deposited with and registered 
in the name of a nominee for DTC. Except in the circumstances described in the applicable Global Note and Final Terms, 
investors in a Global Note will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of the Clearing Systems and their 
respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. 
While Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests therein only through 
the relevant Clearing Systems and their respective direct and indirect participants. 
Except in certain circumstances described in Condition 7.9 with respect to non-U.S. dollar payments for Global 
Notes for which DTC is the Clearing System, for so long as the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will 
discharge its payment obligations thereunder by making payments through the relevant Clearing System(s). A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely upon the procedures of the relevant Clearing System and its participants to 
receive payments in respect of their interests in such Global Note. The Issuer will have no responsibility or liability for the 
records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will be subject to the applicable procedures of the applicable 
Clearing System, its participants and any other intermediary and will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant Clearing 
System(s) and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies or to act directly. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests: (a) in 
a Global Note might have to prove their interests in order to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a 
default under the relevant Notes and (b) in a Global Note for which DTC is the clearing system will be subject to the 
applicable procedures of DTC and might not have a direct right to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a 
default under the relevant Note. 
Sanction Targets – Investors in the Notes might have indirect contact with Sanction Targets as a result of the Group’s 
investments in and business with countries or persons on sanctions lists 
OFAC administers regulations that restrict the ability of U.S. persons to invest in, or otherwise engage in business 
with, certain countries, including Iran and Syria, and specially designated nationals (“SDNs”), and other United States, 
United Kingdom, EU and United Nations rules impose similar restrictions (the SDNs and other targets of these restrictions 
being together the “Sanction Targets”). As the Bank is not a Sanction Target, these rules do not prohibit U.S. or European 
investors from investing in, or otherwise engaging in business with, the Bank; however, while the Group’s current policy is 
not to engage in any impermissible business with Sanction Targets, to the extent that the Group invests in, or otherwise 
engages in business with, Sanction Targets directly or indirectly, investors in the Notes might incur the risk of indirect 
contact with Sanction Targets. In addition, there can be no assurance that current counterparties of the Group will not become 
Sanction Targets in the future. See “The Group and its Business – Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of 
Terrorism and Anti-Bribery” and “The Group and its Business – Compliance with Sanctions Laws.” 
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls – If an investor has investments in Notes that are not denominated in the 
investor’s home currency, then such investor will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of 
such investor’s holding; in addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes might result in an investor 
not receiving payments on those Notes 
Except as described otherwise herein, the Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified 
Currency, which presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates might significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that the Turkish government and/or authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency might impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: (a) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (b) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the interest and principal payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent market price of an investment in the Notes.

--- Page 70 ---
51 
Government and monetary authorities might impose exchange controls that might adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate and/or the ability to convert and/or transfer currency. If this occurs, particularly if it directly affects the Bank’s 
payments on the Notes, then an investor in the Notes might receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal, and/or might receive payment in a currency other than the applicable Specified Currency. An investor might also 
not be able to convert (at a reasonable exchange rate or at all) amounts received in the applicable Specified Currency into the 
Investor’s Currency, which might materially adversely affect the market price of an investment in the Notes. There might 
also be tax consequences for investors of any such currency changes. 
Credit Ratings – Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes might not reflect all risks associated with an investment in 
those Notes and might be lowered, suspended or withdrawn 
The expected initial credit rating(s) (if any) of a Tranche of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms for such 
Tranche. Any relevant rating agency may lower, suspend or withdraw its rating if, in its sole judgment, the credit quality of 
the applicable Notes has declined or is in question. If any credit rating assigned to a Series is lowered, suspended or 
withdrawn, then the market price of an investment in the applicable Notes might decline. Neither any rating agency nor the 
Issuer has any obligation to maintain any such rating(s) during the life of any Series, including from any particular Rating 
Agency. 
In addition to the ratings of the Programme, a Series of Notes and/or the Issuer provided by the Rating Agencies, 
one or more other independent credit rating agency(ies) might assign credit ratings to the Programme, a Series of Notes 
and/or the Issuer, which additional credit ratings of other independent credit rating agency(ies) might be lower than the 
current ratings of the Notes and the Issuer. Also, if any credit rating assigned to Turkey is lowered or put on negative watch, 
then such change might have a negative impact on the Issuer’s credit rating. In addition, the ratings might not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks relating to the structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that might 
affect the value or market price of an investment in the Notes. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and might be revised, suspended or withdrawn 
by the applicable rating agency at any time. Similar ratings on different types of securities do not necessarily mean the same 
thing. Ratings on any Notes also do not address the marketability of investments in such Notes or any market price. Any 
change in the credit ratings of any Notes or the Bank might adversely affect the price that a subsequent purchaser will be 
willing to pay for investments in such Notes. The significance of each rating should be analysed independently from any 
other rating.

--- Page 71 ---
52 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Bank will incur various expenses in connection with the issuance of each Tranche of the Notes, including (as 
applicable) underwriting fees, legal counsel fees, rating agency expenses and listing expenses. The net proceeds from each 
issue of Notes (the estimated amount of which net proceeds will, for each Series listed on a regulated market in the EEA, be 
set out in the applicable Final Terms) will be applied by the Bank for its general corporate purposes; however, for any 
particular Series, the Bank may agree (and so specify in the Final Terms for the Tranche(s) of such Series) with the relevant 
Dealer(s) or investor(s) that the proceeds of the issuance of the applicable Notes shall be used for one or more specific 
purpose(s), such as environmental development or sustainability. The use of proceeds, if any, provided in the Final Terms for 
each Tranche in a Series with more than one Tranche shall be the same. 
In addition, where the “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the applicable Final Terms are stated to be for “green,” 
“social” or “sustainability” purposes as described in this “Use of Proceeds” section (“Green Bonds,” “Social Bonds” and 
“Sustainability Bonds,” respectively, and together the “Sustainable Notes”), the net proceeds from each issue of Sustainable 
Notes will (or, as of the applicable Issue Date, will be intended to) be used as so described. For each Series of Sustainable 
Notes, such net proceeds are expected to be separately identified and applied by the Issuer in financing (including 
refinancing), individually or on a portfolio basis, Eligible Green Loans and/or Eligible Social Loans (each as defined below 
and further described in the “Green, Social & Sustainable Finance Framework” published on the Issuer’s website (as of the 
date 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus, 
https://www.ziraatbank.com.tr/en/Investor-Relations-
ZB/Documents/green_social_sustainable_finance_framework.pdf) (as amended, supplemented or otherwise updated from 
time to time, the “Sustainable Finance Framework”)) (together, the “Eligible Loans”), including the provision of new 
Eligible Loans and the refinancing of existing loans. In the case of Green Bonds, such financing (including refinancing) shall 
be of Eligible Green Loans; in the case of Social Bonds, such financing (including refinancing) shall be of Eligible Social 
Loans; and in the case of Sustainability Bonds, such financing (including refinancing) shall be of Eligible Green Loans 
and/or Eligible Social Loans; however, the proceeds of any Sustainable Notes will not be used to provide loans covered by 
the Issuer’s “Exclusionary Criteria” as detailed in the Sustainable Finance Framework (which includes, as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, loans linked to fossil energy generation, nuclear energy generation, weapons and defense, mining, 
gambling, alcohol or tobacco). 
It should be noted that the proceeds of any Eligible Loans may be for specific assets and projects or to “pure play” 
companies, which are defined in the Sustainable Finance Framework as enterprises that are expected to derive at least 90% of 
their turnover from assets aligned with defined eligibility criteria, the proceeds of which loans could be used by such entity 
for its general corporate purposes. 
Pending the application of any net proceeds of Sustainable Notes in funding the relevant Eligible Loan(s), such 
proceeds are (as indicated in the Sustainable Finance Framework) intended to be held by the Issuer at its own discretion in its 
treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash and/or in other short-term and liquid investments. If a business or project funded by the 
net proceeds of any Sustainable Notes ceases to fulfil the applicable eligibility criteria, then the Issuer will remove the same 
from the portfolio upon becoming aware of such ineligibility and endeavour to replace it with an Eligible Loan as soon as 
reasonably practicable. 
As outlined in the Sustainable Finance Framework as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, a report will be 
published in English by the Issuer with respect to each Series of Sustainable Notes on a portfolio basis: (a) within 12 months 
following the Issue Date of each Tranche of such Series and (b) if the net proceeds thereof have not been allocated by the 
time of such first report, for each following 12 month period until the full initial allocation of the net proceeds of such 
issuance (with a final such report being published after such initial allocation has been completed). As noted in the 
Sustainable Finance Framework, the Issuer intends to align its reporting with the portfolio approach described in the 
“Handbook - 
Harmonized 
Framework 
for 
Impact 
Reporting 
(April 
2020)” 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Regulatory/Green-Bonds/Handbook-Harmonized-Framework-for-Impact-
Reporting-220520.pdf) for Green Bonds and “Working Towards a Harmonized Framework for Impact Reporting for Social 
Bonds (June 2020)” (which can be found at https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Regulatory/Green-Bonds/June-
2020/Harmonized-Framework-for-Impact-Reporting-for-Social-BondsJune-2020-090620.pdf) 
for 
Social 
Bonds 
(with 
corresponding reporting for Sustainability Bonds). The Issuer intends to engage a third-party auditor or other person to 
provide an annual assessment on the alignment of the allocation of the proceeds of Sustainable Notes with the Sustainable 
Finance Framework’s criteria. Additional reports might be published from time to time in case of material developments.

--- Page 72 ---
53 
“Eligible Green Loans” means loans satisfying the “Green Eligibility Criteria” in the Sustainable Finance 
Framework. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, categories of such loans include loans for: (a) renewable energy, (b) green 
buildings, (c) clean transportation, (d) energy efficiency, (e) environmentally sustainable management of living natural 
resources and land use, (f) sustainable water and wastewater management, (g) pollution prevention and control and (h) eco-
efficient and/or circular economy adapted products, production technologies and processes. 
“Eligible Social Loans” means loans satisfying the “Social Eligibility Criteria” in the Sustainable Finance 
Framework. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, categories of such loans include loans for: (a) employment generation and 
programs designed to prevent and/or alleviate unemployment stemming from socioeconomic crises, including through the 
potential effect of SME financing and microfinance, (b) access to essential services and (c) affordable housing. 
Neither the Sustainable Finance Framework nor any of the reports, verification assessments, opinions or contents of 
any of the websites referenced in this “Use of Proceeds” section are, or shall be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are 
incorporated into, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 73 ---
54 
SUMMARY FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Unless otherwise indicated, the following summary financial and other information have been extracted (except as 
noted in the “Key Ratios and Other Information” table) from the Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements without material 
adjustment. The information in this section should be read in conjunction with the information contained in “Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the relevant BRSA Financial Statements 
(including the notes therein) incorporated by reference herein. 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Income Statement Data: 
(TL thousands) 
Interest income ......................................................................  
53,053,807 
65,602,283 
69,476,028 
Interest expense .....................................................................  
(31,137,996) 
(40,290,277) 
(34,861,528) 
Net interest income ..........................................................
21,915,811 
25,312,006 
34,614,500 
Net fees and commissions income .........................................  
2,637,794 
3,589,771 
3,092,735 
Dividend income ...................................................................  
290,900 
1,060,357 
1,119,253 
Trading profit/loss (net) .........................................................  
(3,834,183) 
(7,817,493) 
(7,743,467) 
Other operating income .........................................................  
1,433,843 
1,613,869 
5,181,957 
Gross operating income...................................................
22,444,165 
23,758,510 
36,264,978 
Expected credit loss(1) ............................................................  
(4,718,687) 
(6,425,161) 
(13,339,348) 
Personnel expense .................................................................  
(2,839,925) 
(3,460,423) 
(4,396,112) 
Other operating expenses ......................................................  
(4,851,869) 
(6,224,812) 
(7,695,395) 
Profit/loss before tax from continued operations..........
10,033,684 
7,648,114 
10,834,123 
Tax provision for continued operations .................................  
(2,072,746) 
(1,461,226) 
(3,009,104) 
Current period profit/loss from continued operations .
7,960,938 
6,186,888 
7,825,019 
(1) 
Includes other provisions and free provision expenses.

--- Page 74 ---
55 
Balance Sheet Data:
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Assets:
(TL thousands) 
Financial assets (net) ........................................................................................... 
143,605,623 
172,971,288 
291,999,491 
Cash and cash equivalents........................................................................... 
46,237,845 
57,388,800 
91,037,909 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or (loss) ................ 
6,731,624 
1,897,885 
14,305,452 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ......................................................................................................... 
78,387,523 
110,886,717 
181,628,930 
Derivative financial assets ........................................................................... 
2,036,376 
2,797,886 
5,027,200 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost (net)............................................... 
381,199,749 
452,522,213 
611,589,930 
Loans ........................................................................................................... 
379,331,076 
447,982,751 
600,659,960 
Other financial assets measured at amortised cost ..................................... 
10,254,639 
17,550,083 
29,686,696 
Expected credit loss ..................................................................................... 
(8,385,966) 
(13,010,621) 
(18,756,726) 
Non-current assets or disposal groups “held for sale” and “held from 
discontinued operations” (net) ............................................................................ 
1,225,389 
4,781,720 
5,260,879 
Equity investments .............................................................................................. 
7,603,313 
7,602,451 
14,325,922 
Property and equipment (net) ............................................................................. 
5,045,202 
5,478,647 
6,748,355 
Intangible assets (net) ......................................................................................... 
609,393 
745,089 
1,002,206 
Current tax asset ................................................................................................. 
52,297 
1,683 
1,322 
Deferred tax asset ............................................................................................... 
1,545,993 
1,148,611 
247,408 
Other assets (net) ................................................................................................ 
6,522,423 
4,504,489 
11,425,751 
Total assets ................................................................................................. 
537,156,127 
649,756,191 
942,601,264 
Liabilities: 
Deposits .............................................................................................................. 
331,066,483 
447,250,973 
629,874,208 
Funds borrowed .................................................................................................. 
34,171,653 
34,528,490 
36,950,213 
Money market borrowings .................................................................................. 
68,350,796 
49,275,410 
116,401,469 
Securities issued (net) ......................................................................................... 
15,430,468 
13,106,026 
14,354,533 
Funds .................................................................................................................. 
6,073,748 
6,066,464 
6,053,060 
Derivative financial liabilities ............................................................................. 
1,643,492 
1,658,858 
3,487,652 
Lease liabilities (net) ........................................................................................... 
221 
621,760 
821,985 
Provisions ........................................................................................................... 
2,831,561 
3,818,578 
7,058,634 
Current tax liability ............................................................................................. 
1,466,694 
1,720,587 
1,660,517 
Subordinated debt instruments ............................................................................ 
- 
9,565,957 
13,048,197 
Other liabilities ................................................................................................... 
18,719,617 
12,078,546 
19,612,536 
Total liabilities ...........................................................................................
479,754,733 
579,691,649 
849,323,004 
Shareholders’ equity: 
Paid-in capital ..................................................................................................... 
6,100,000 
6,100,000 
13,100,000 
Capital reserves ................................................................................................... 
(483) 
(571) 
(17,745) 
Accumulated other comprehensive income or expense not reclassified through 
profit or loss ........................................................................................................ 
5,712,470 
5,852,355 
9,606,163 
Accumulated other comprehensive income or expense reclassified through 
profit or loss ........................................................................................................ 
(6,429,909) 
(357,888) 
848,310 
Profit reserves ..................................................................................................... 
37,320,380 
52,110,376 
58,398,544 
Profit or (loss) ..................................................................................................... 
14,698,936 
6,360,270 
11,342,988 
Total shareholders’ equity ............................................................................... 
57,401,394 
70,064,542 
93,278,260 
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity ................................................
537,156,127 
649,756,191 
942,601,264

--- Page 75 ---
56 
The following table includes certain of the Bank’s key ratios as of and for the years ended 31 December 2018, 2019 
and 2020 and certain other information. 
Key Ratios and Other Information:
As of (or for the year ended) 
31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Profitability Ratios: 
Yield ................................................................................................. 
12.2% 
12.6% 
10.1% 
Net interest margin ........................................................................... 
5.0% 
4.8% 
5.0% 
Net interest spread ............................................................................ 
4.6% 
4.6% 
5.5% 
Cost-to-income ratio ......................................................................... 
34.7% 
42.7% 
30.6% 
Operating expenses to average total assets ratio ............................... 
1.6% 
1.6% 
1.5% 
Return on average total assets ........................................................... 
1.6% 
1.0% 
1.0% 
Return on average shareholders’ equity ............................................ 
15.2% 
9.7% 
9.6% 
Dividend pay-out ratio ...................................................................... 
1.4% 
1.0% 
0.8% 
Balance Sheet Ratios: 
Loans (net) to total deposits ratio...................................................... 
112.0% 
97.3% 
92.4% 
Loans to total assets ratio .................................................................. 
69.1% 
66.9% 
61.7% 
Securities to total assets ratio ............................................................ 
17.8% 
20.1% 
23.9% 
Deposits to total liabilities ratio ........................................................ 
70.6% 
77.2% 
74.2% 
Cost of risk ........................................................................................ 
1.1% 
1.3% 
1.3% 
Credit Quality: 
NPL ratio .......................................................................................... 
2.0% 
2.8% 
2.3% 
Loan losses reserves to NPLs ratio ................................................... 
71.7% 
65.1% 
73.9% 
Capital Adequacy: 
Tier 1 capital ratio ............................................................................. 
13.78% 
15.98% 
17.13% 
Total regulatory capital ratio(1) .......................................................... 
14.82% 
17.02% 
18.22% 
Other Information: 
Total operating income before provisions (including personnel 
expense but excluding dividend income) (TL ’000s) ....................... 
19,313,340 
22,698,153 
35,145,725 
Employees(2) ..................................................................................... 
24,647 
24,563 
24,673 
Domestic branches ............................................................................ 
1,750 
1,734 
1,728 
Inflation rate and GDP %: 
Consumer price index inflation ......................................................... 
20.3% 
11.8% 
14.6% 
Gross domestic product (% change) ................................................. 
3.0% 
0.9% 
1.8% 
TL/US$ Exchange Rate(3): 
Period end ......................................................................................... 
5.2810 
5.9400 
7.4194 
(1) Computed in accordance with the “Regulations on Measurement and Assessment of Capital Adequacy of Banks” issued by the BRSA. The 
Bank is also monitoring developments relating to the implementation of Basel regulations, which might impact the manner in which the Bank 
calculates capital adequacy ratios and might impose higher capital requirements. See “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Group and its 
Business - Access to Capital” and “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Turkey - Banking Regulatory Matters.” 
(2) Employees represent the total number of employees of the Bank (including employees outside of Turkey). 
(3) Represents the exchange rate used by the Bank in the preparation of the BRSA Financial Statements.

--- Page 76 ---
57 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS 
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with “Presentation of Financial and Other Information” and 
the BRSA Annual Financial Statements (including the notes therein). The financial information included in this discussion 
was prepared in accordance with the BRSA Principles except for the free provisions recognised by the Bank. 
Unconsolidated Compared to Consolidated Financial Statements
The operations of the Bank are undertaken both by the Bank directly and through its consolidated entities; however: 
(a) the Bank is the issuer of the Notes, (b) it is only the Bank that has any payment or other obligations in respect of the Notes 
and (c) no other member of the Group nor any other entity will have any responsibility for the Bank meeting its obligations 
under the Notes. 
The Bank produces audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual BRSA Financial Statements and, for each of the 
first three fiscal quarters of a fiscal year, unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly BRSA Financial Statements. 
The BRSA Annual Financial Statements discussed in this section are principally the Bank-only versions. As of 31 December 
2018, 2019 and 2020, the Bank had total assets of TL 537.2 billion, TL 649.8 billion and TL 942.6 billion, respectively, as 
compared to total assets of the Group of TL 568.4 billion, TL 693.7 billion and TL 1,018.5 billion, respectively, with 
unconsolidated total assets representing 94.5%, 93.7% and 92.5% of consolidated total assets, respectively. As of the same 
dates, the Bank had total liabilities of TL 479.8 billion, TL 579.7 billion and TL 849.3 billion, respectively, as compared to 
total liabilities of the Group of TL 508.3 billion, TL 619.5 billion and TL 923.5 billion, respectively, with unconsolidated 
total liabilities representing 94.4%, 93.6% and 92.0% of consolidated total liabilities, respectively. 
For 2018, 2019 and 2020, the Bank had current period profit/loss from continued operations of TL 8.0 billion, 
TL 6.2 billion and TL 7.8 billion, respectively, as compared to current period profit/loss from continued operations of the 
Group of TL 9.3 billion, TL 7.4 billion and TL 9.7 billion, respectively, with unconsolidated current period profit/loss from 
continued operations representing 85.2%, 84.1% and 81.1% of consolidated current period profit/loss from continued 
operations, respectively. 
For further information on the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Group, please see the 
BRSA Annual Financial Statements of the Group. 
Significant Factors Affecting the Group’s Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
The Group’s financial condition, results of operations and prospects depend significantly upon the macroeconomic 
conditions prevailing in Turkey as well as other factors. The impact of these factors might vary significantly in the future and 
many of these factors are outside the control of the Group. Prospective investors should (among other things) consider the 
factors set forth under “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors.” The following 
describes the most significant of such factors since the beginning of 2018. 
Turkish Economy and Political Developments 
The Group’s operations are primarily in Turkey (or related to Turkish activities) and almost all of its operating 
income and net income are derived from its Turkish operations (including Turkish-related business for the Group’s 
operations abroad). Accordingly, its results of operations and financial condition are and will continue to be significantly 
affected by Turkish political, regulatory and macroeconomic factors, including factors such as currency fluctuations, the 
Central Bank’s regulatory policy, economic growth rates, inflation and fluctuations in interest rates in Turkey. For additional 
information on political developments in Turkey, see “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Turkey - Political 
Conditions - Political Developments.” 
The following table provides certain macroeconomic indicators for Turkey, including real GDP growth, inflation 
rates and the Central Bank’s overnight Turkish Lira policy rate for each of the indicated periods, as well as the average 
exchange rates between the Turkish Lira and each of the U.S. dollar and the euro for such periods:

--- Page 77 ---
58 
As of or for the year ended 
31 December 
2018 
2019
2020
GDP (TL billions) ........................................................ 
3,724.4 
4,320.2 
5,047.9 
GDP (US$ billions) ...................................................... 
789.0 
760.8 
717.0 
Real GDP growth in Turkish Lira (%) ......................... 
2.8 
0.9 
1.8 
GDP per capita (US$) ................................................... 
9,693 
9,127 
8,599 
Unemployment rate (%) ............................................... 
11.0 
13.7 
13.2 
Central Bank policy rate (%) ........................................ 
24.0 
12.0 
17.0 
Benchmark yield (year-end, %) .................................... 
19.73 
11.78 
14.96 
Inflation (%) ................................................................. 
20.3 
11.8 
14.6 
Exports (US$ billions) .................................................. 
177.2 
180.8 
169.5 
Imports (US$ billions) .................................................. 
231.2 
210.3 
219.4 
Trade deficit (US$ billions) .......................................... 
54.0 
29.5 
49.9 
Current account surplus/(deficit) (US$ billions) .......... 
(21.7) 
6.7 
(36.7) 
Budget surplus/(deficit) (TL billions) ........................... 
(72.6) 
(123.7) 
(172.7) 
$/TL Indicative Exchange Buying Rate(1) .................... 
5.2810 
5.9400 
7.4194 
€/TL Indicative Exchange Buying Rate(2) .................... 
6.0422 
6.6621 
9.1164 
(1) The Turkish Lira indicative exchange rate for purchases of U.S. dollars announced by the Central Bank. 
(2) The Turkish Lira indicative exchange rate for purchases of euro announced by the Central Bank. 
Since the beginning of 2018, economic conditions across emerging markets, including Turkey, have been volatile as 
a result of several factors, including expectations regarding slower growth in China, the trade dispute between the U.S. and 
China, the expectation of (and actual) rate hikes and rate cuts by the U.S. Federal Reserve, the strengthening of the U.S. 
dollar and, most recently, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. See “-Global Economic Conditions” below. In addition, 
there has been considerable uncertainty regarding Turkey’s political and geopolitical conditions resulting from a variety of 
factors, including the attempted coup in 2016, the extension of the powers of the president following the presidential and 
parliamentary elections held on 24 June 2018 and the May 2019 decision to hold a revote of the İstanbul mayoral election 
(see “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Turkey - Political Conditions - Political Developments”), continued and intensified 
conflict with the PKK, the regional conflicts in Syria and neighbouring jurisdictions and the conflict in Libya (see “Risk 
Factors - Risks Relating to Turkey - Political Conditions - Terrorism and Conflicts”). The situation in Turkey was 
exacerbated starting in August 2018 as a result of deteriorating relations with the United States (see “Risk Factors - Risks 
Relating to Turkey - Political Conditions - Political Developments”), and then increasing conflicts with Greece, other 
members of the EU and the EU itself (see “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Turkey - Political Conditions - Relationship with 
the European Union”), which relations remain uncertain. 
Partially as a result of these factors, GDP growth in Turkey has been slow for the past three years, which has 
impacted the Group’s growth and increased concerns about non-performing loans. While the economy recorded strong 
growth in the first half of 2018, it started to slow down in the second half due to significant volatility in foreign exchange 
rates and increases in interest rates, particularly in the third quarter. With negative growth of 2.8% in the final quarter of 
2018, the Turkish economy only grew by 2.8% in 2018. The negative growth continued in the first two quarters of 2019 
before turning positive with 0.9% growth in the third quarter and 6.0% growth in the last quarter (resulting in 0.9% growth 
for the full year). In the first three months of 2020, GDP increased by 4.5% compared to the same period of the previous 
year; however, GDP sharply decreased by 9.9% in the second quarter of the year driven by the impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic. GDP then returned to growth in the third and fourth quarters of 2020, increasing by 6.3% and 5.9% compared to 
the same periods of the previous year, which growth was supported by an increase in investments and household 
consumption. As a result, including due to the continuing impact of COVID-19 both on Turkey and globally, overall GDP 
growth for 2020 was only 1.8%. Growth in 2021 is expected to improve from 2019 and 2020; however, this remains 
dependent upon the progression of the pandemic in Turkey and elsewhere and the successful implementation of Turkey’s 
economic policies. 
It should be noted that the Turkish Lira GDP results are in nominal Turkish Lira terms and, as the exchange rate of 
the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar varies (in some years, significantly), these reported changes in GDP would have been 
different (in some years, significantly different) were they determined in U.S. dollar terms (e.g., in 2020, the Turkish Lira 
depreciated by 23.6% against the U.S. dollar, which greatly exceeded the year’s GDP increase even without adjusting for

--- Page 78 ---
59 
inflation, resulting in a significant decline in the Turkish GDP in U.S. dollar terms notwithstanding the significant increase in 
Turkish Lira terms). 
Although the EU-defined Turkish government debt level decreased considerably since 2001 and reached its lowest 
level with 27.6% of GDP in 2015, it then increased to 39.5% in 2020, and (although this remains well below the Maastricht 
criteria), Turkey remains an emerging market and remains susceptible to a higher degree of volatility than more developed 
markets due to a number of factors (see “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Turkey”). 
Continuing high levels of unemployment might affect the Group’s customers, which might impair its business 
strategies and/or have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Impact on Asset Quality. NPLs are particularly sensitive to economic conditions and this remains a key area of focus 
for the Bank given its strong loan growth and macroeconomic conditions in Turkey. The Bank’s NPL ratio for its SME loan 
portfolio as of 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020 was 3.2%, 4.6% and 3.3%, respectively, and the Bank’s NPL ratio for its 
retail loan portfolio as of such dates was 1.1%, 1.0% and 0.7%, respectively (compared to an NPL ratio of 2.0%, 2.8% and 
2.3%, respectively, for its entire loan portfolio as of the same dates). The ratio of non-performing loans to total loans in the 
Turkish banking sector was 3.9%, 5.4% and 4.1% as of such dates, respectively, according to the BRSA’s monthly statistical 
bulletin. During 2019, the increase in the Bank’s NPLs was principally a result of a decline in the asset quality of 
construction loans, with smaller contributions from loans in the agricultural, manufacturing and retail trade sectors. In 2020, 
the increase in NPLs was limited as a result of the temporary changes to NPL recognition rules described elsewhere herein, 
with the construction and manufacturing sector being the primary source of new NPLs. 
On 17 March 2020, the BRSA (effective through 30 June 2021) revised guidelines on NPL recognition so that 
180 days (instead of 90 days) non-payment would require classifying a loan as an NPL, which change is likely to have a 
significant impact on limiting the pace of new NPLs during this period. Unless the BRSA extends the period of application of 
the temporary rule on classification of loans, the Bank’s management expects that the Bank’s NPL ratio will increase after 
30 June 2021 due to the lapse of such rule on such date (which increase might be significant and might not be sufficiently 
covered by provisioning, particularly if economic conditions in Turkey do not improve following the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic). See “Turkish Regulatory Environment – Expected Credit Losses.” 
As of 31 December 2019, the value of the Bank’s NPLs increased by 70.1% as compared to 31 December 2018. As 
of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s NPLs increased a further 9.5% compared to 31 December 2019. During these periods, the 
Bank did not sell any of its NPLs. In addition, a number of large corporate borrowers have restructured their loans due to 
financial pressures resulting from the economic volatility in Turkey, including in particular foreign exchange conditions, and 
the Bank’s management anticipates that further such restructurings and even defaults might occur in corporate and SME 
loans as conditions remain challenging for borrowers, which might lead to further material NPL inflows. In addition, 
conditions remain challenging for a number of other large corporate borrowers, which might lead to further material NPL 
inflows. Although no such loan has become non-performing or delinquent as of 31 December 2020, in the event such a loan 
or other loans become non-performing, or there is a slowdown in economic conditions, this could have a material adverse 
effect on the asset quality of Turkish banks, including the Bank. 
On 17 September 2019, the BRSA instructed Turkish banks to reclassify as non-performing certain loans 
(principally to construction and energy companies) totalling TL 46 billion, which reclassification was required to occur by 
31 December 2019 (the “BRSA NPL Instruction”). The BRSA also released the results of an impact analysis conducted on the 
July 2019 financial statements of Turkish banks, which anticipated a resulting increase in the sector’s non-performing loan 
ratio to 6.3% from 4.6% and a decline in Turkish banks’ capital adequacy ratio to 17.7% from 18.2%. As most of the Bank’s 
loans that were designated in the BRSA NPL Instruction were classified as Stage 2 loans (and expected to be reclassified as 
NPLs) or already identified as NPLs, the impact of the BRSA NPL Instruction on the Bank’s NPL ratio was not material. 
As a result of its changing business strategies, the Bank also revised the standardised processes and procedures for 
assessing loan applications and making lending decisions, in each case with a view to limiting the potentially adverse effects 
on its loan portfolio of the challenging global economic conditions. The Bank also improved and frequently refines its early 
warning systems and collection systems to improve the monitoring of its loan portfolio.

--- Page 79 ---
60 
Changes to Turkish Banking Policy and Regulations 
The Central Bank adjusts reserve requirement ratios as a policy tool at various times to reduce or encourage certain 
actions by the banking sector, including both deposit and lending activity. The adjustments in reserve requirement ratios have 
frequently been combined with changes in the Central Bank’s interest rate policies, which directly influence the Group’s 
deposit and lending rates and thereby impact margins and results of operations given the maturity mismatch between shorter 
term assets and longer term liabilities (see “Risk Management - Management of Specific Risks - Liquidity Risk”). On 
28 May 2018, effective from 1 June 2018, the Central Bank simplified its monetary policy and set the one-week repo rate to 
the then-current rate of 16.5% and decided that the overnight borrowing and lending rates would be determined at 150 basis 
points below and above the one-week repo rate, respectively. The Central Bank further increased the policy rate to 17.75% on 
8 June 2018 and, with an increase of 625 basis points, to 24.00% on 14 September 2018. The overnight lending rate was 
increased from 9.25% on 25 January 2017 to 25.50% in a series of steps through 21 September 2018 as a response to the 
sharp depreciation of the Turkish Lira following the increase in tensions between the United States and Turkey, rising 
inflation in Turkey and volatility across emerging markets given uncertainty over the then gradual reduction by the U.S. 
Federal Reserve of its quantitative easing policy. 
On 6 July 2019, the governor of the Central Bank was removed from his post by a Presidential Decree and, on the 
same day, President Erdoğan appointed Mr. Murat Uysal, one of the Central Bank’s then-deputy governors, as the new 
governor of the Central Bank. More recently, following the depreciation of the Turkish Lira to its weakest value to date 
(exceeding TL 8.5 per U.S. dollar), the governor of the Central Bank was replaced by a Presidential Decree on 7 November 
2020 and then (on 20 March 2021) was replaced again after a series of rate increases. On 25 July 2019, the Central Bank 
decreased the policy rate by 425 basis points to 19.75% and then further reduced it to 16.50% on 12 September 2019, which 
was followed with cuts on 24 October 2019 to 14.00%, on 12 December 2019 to 12.00%, on 16 January 2020 to 11.25%, on 
19 February 2020 to 10.75%, on 17 March 2020 to 9.75%, on 22 April 2020 to 8.75% and on 21 May 2020 to 8.25%, which 
were followed on 24 September 2020 by an increase to 10.25%, on 19 November 2020 by an increase to 15.00%, on 
24 December 2020 by an increase to 17.00% and and a further increase to 19.00% in March 2021. For more information on 
the Central Bank’s interest rates, see also “-Interest Rates” below. 
In 2019, a number of factors, including credit support by the Credit Guarantee Fund (Kredi Garanti Fonu) (the 
“KGF”), affected the Bank’s loan portfolio growth rate, with the Bank’s loan portfolio increasing by 17.3% during the year 
driven mainly by retail and SME lending. In 2020, the loan book increased by 34.1% primarily due to growth in the retail and 
SME segments, including as a result of loan facilities that were introduced under the KGF programme to customers suffering 
from negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The KGF guarantee was used for the first time in the retail segment, 
though only for loans provided under the COVID-19-related facilities. 
In line with monetary developments, the Central Bank implemented a framework to limit the effects of volatility in 
foreign exchange rates that were inconsistent with economic fundamentals on price and financial stability. To this end, 
starting from the beginning of 2017, one week repo auctions with quantity method were not held and the funding through the 
Borsa İstanbul repo-reverse repo market and the interbank repo-reverse market was limited. With the suspension of funding 
through quotation and repo auctions, the remaining liquidity needed at the end of the day was provided through the Central 
Bank’s Late Liquidity Window (“LLW”) deposit and repo operations without limit at the LLW interest rate. Additionally, an 
intraday liquidity facility limit was allocated to Turkish banks equal to their overnight borrowing limits. The Central Bank 
decreased the Bank’s borrowing limits from the Central Bank’s Interbank Money Market window to TL 11 billion effective 
as of 16 January 2017. The Central Bank then decreased this limit to TL 0 and increased the Bank’s intraday liquidity facility 
limit to TL 22 billion effective as of 22 November 2017. In a series of steps from 27 January 2017 through 14 September 
2018, the Central Bank increased the LLW lending rate from 11.00% to 27.00% in line with its tight monetary stance due to 
elevated levels of inflation with an aim to limit the effect of increasing volatility of the Turkish Lira, which volatility might 
lead to an increase in inflation levels. 
In the first half of 2019, the Central Bank continued to implement a tight stance (e.g., after the volatility seen in 
March 2019, the Central Bank paused one week repo auctions from 22 March 2019 until 8 April 2019, during which period it 
provided funding through overnight lending, which had a cost of 150 basis points higher than the policy rate, and after the 
volatility seen in early May 2019, the Central Bank again suspended its one week repo auctions from 9 May 2019 until 
21 May 2019). On 18 June 2019, the Central Bank introduced a facility pursuant to which it lends primary dealer banks with 
an interest rate 100 basis points below the Central Bank’s policy interest rate to support market functioning and monetary

--- Page 80 ---
61 
policy effectiveness. As noted above, on 25 July 2019, the Central Bank began to cut its policy rate, falling to 8.25% in 
21 May 2020, before a series of rapid increases to 19.00% on 18 March 2021. 
On 19 September 2019, the Central Bank decreased remuneration rates applied to required reserves in U.S. dollars 
from 1.00% to 0%. On 20 September 2019, the remuneration rate applied to Turkish lira-denominated required reserves was 
(effective from 4 October 2019) reduced from 13.00% to 8.00%; however, an additional 200 basis points was added to the 
remuneration rate for banks with an annual loan growth between 10% and 20% (i.e., for a 10.00% remuneration rate) whereas 
other banks receive 800 basis points lower (i.e., 0%) on their required reserves. As of 20 September 2019, reserve 
requirement ratios for foreign exchange deposits and participation funds were increased by 100 basis points for all maturity 
brackets. To support financial stability and the real loan growth-linked reserve requirement practice, the Central Bank 
decided on 28 December 2019 to increase (effective as of 10 January 2020 for the liability period starting on 27 December 
2019) the reserve requirement ratios for foreign exchange deposits/participation funds by 200 basis points for all maturity 
brackets, but applying a 200 basis point reduction on the new ratios for banks that attain certain Turkish Lira real loan growth 
conditions (i.e., effectively keeping the reserve requirement ratios for foreign exchange deposits/participation funds of such 
banks unchanged). 
On 27 November 2020, the Central Bank: (a) repealed the reserve requirement related to a bank’s annual loan 
growth, (b) revised the reserve requirement ratios and remuneration rates such that they apply to all banks equally and (c) 
effective as of 27 November 2020: (i) revised to 12% per annum the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-denominated 
required reserves and (ii) reduced the commission rate applied to the reserves maintained against U.S. dollar-denominated 
deposits and participation fund liabilities from 1.25% to 0%. As a result, from December 2020, the reserve requirement ratios 
for: (A) deposits and participation funds (excluding those obtained from banks abroad) on demand and with a maturity up to 
(and including) three months and Turkish Lira-denominated other liabilities (including deposits and participation funds 
received from banks abroad) with a maturity up to (and including) one year were reduced to 6% per annum from 7% per 
annum, (B) foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds (excluding deposits and participation funds 
obtained from banks abroad and precious metal deposit accounts) on demand and with a maturity less than one year were 
reduced to 19% per annum from 22% per annum, (C) foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds 
(excluding deposits and participation funds obtained from banks abroad and precious metal deposit accounts) with a maturity 
of one year or more were reduced to 13% per annum from 18% per annum and (D) other foreign currency-denominated 
liabilities (regardless of maturity) were reduced by 3% per annum. 
Laws also are imposed or amended from time to time to require Turkish banks to adhere to certain restrictions on 
their lending to consumers, including with respect to credit cards. These regulatory changes might inhibit the growth of both 
interest and fee income for the Group. For example of certain such requirements, see “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment - Consumer Loan, Provisioning and Credit Card Regulations.” 
Turkish Agricultural Sector 
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s loans to borrowers in the agricultural sector remain an important part of the 
Bank’s loan portfolio and amounted to TL 81.4 billion, which represented 14.0% of its total loans. Consequently, factors that 
influence the supply and demand for, and therefore the prices of, agricultural products in the Turkish and international 
markets can affect an agricultural borrower’s business and financial condition, and therefore its ability to repay its loan from 
the Bank. Moreover, the Turkish agricultural sector is still comprised mainly of individual farmers, with some SMEs and a 
small number of large corporations. There has been some consolidation in the sector, but the pace of this consolidation will 
depend on a variety of factors, including measures taken by the Turkish government. 
Factors that can impact the Turkish agricultural market include, among others, increased output of agricultural 
products in Turkey or elsewhere, unfavourable fluctuations in the prices for agricultural products, government programmes 
and policies, macroeconomic factors (including exchange rates and inflation) affecting the Turkish and global economies, 
availability of raw materials, crop yields, prices of supply inputs and changes in global demand and global production of 
similar and competitive products, as well as the economic and political situations in export markets and changes in consumer 
preferences, both seasonal and long-term. In addition, severe weather, major climate-related disasters or disease and 
pestilence can be unpredictable and devastating to the agricultural sector, which could result in crop or other losses for a 
season, impacting borrowers’ liquidity and business prospects. See “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Group and its 
Business - Credit Risks - Significant Agricultural Sector Exposure.”

--- Page 81 ---
62 
Global Economic Conditions 
The Bank’s performance will continue to be influenced by conditions in the global economy. The outlook for the 
global economy (and particularly emerging markets) over the near to medium term remain challenging, which in turn might 
impact prospects for stabilisation and improvement of economic and financial conditions in Turkey. A lack of improvement, 
or deterioration in these conditions, might have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. 
In 2018 and 2019, the global economy was shaped by increasing protectionism in world trade, a significant 
slowdown in the economies of eurozone countries, uncertainties on Brexit and periodic fluctuations in emerging markets. In 
2020, conditions worsened with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. For further information on macroeconomic risk 
factors, see “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Group and its Business” and “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Turkey.” 
The central banks of developed countries tightened their monetary policies between 2017 and mid-2019, albeit more 
gradually than initially expected, which had a positive impact on global growth. The U.S. Federal Reserve made three rate 
hikes in 2017 and four rate hikes in 2018; however, the U.S. Federal Reserve changed its monetary policy stance in the first 
half of 2019 due to lower economic growth expectations for the U.S. economy and concerns about global trade. From this 
perspective, the two rate hikes in 2019 that had been expected by the market did not occur and, in fact, in each of its meetings 
dated 31 July 2019, 18 September 2019 and 30 October 2019, the U.S. Federal Reserve cut its main interest rate by 25 basis 
points. On 3 March 2020, the U.S. Federal Reserve implemented a 50 basis point emergency cut to address the evolving risks 
on the global economy posed by the COVID-19 coronavirus, which was followed on 16 March 2020 with a further 100 basis 
point reduction. 
In the eurozone, a broad economic slowdown became more evident throughout 2018 and 2019. Increasing concerns 
over Italy`s budget deficit and public debt stock, a loss of activity in the German auto industry, trade-related uncertainty and 
developments in Brexit were some primary factors decreasing the growth of economic activity. Early in 2020, the impact of 
the COVID-19 coronavirus on global markets increased risks to global growth and financial markets, with significant 
negative impacts on Turkey, the United States, the EU and most other jurisdictions throughout 2020 and continuing into 
2021. Declining inflationary pressures supported by the economic slowdown might lead to the ECB continuing to support (or 
even increasing its support of) the eurozone economy, including through maintaining the policy that has been in place since 
2011 of providing very accommodative interest rates. It is not clear when the ECB might start normalising its monetary 
policy, although it is likely that normalisation remains delayed for some time, particularly given the effect of the United 
Kingdom’s exit from the EU and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic (in fact, the ECB again reduced rates and increased 
quantitative easing in September 2019). These and other key factors, such as geopolitical tensions, might have a material 
adverse impact on international financial markets and economic conditions and, in turn, the market’s anticipation of these 
impacts might have a material adverse effect on the Turkish economy and the Bank’s business, financial conditions and/or 
liquidity. In particular, these factors might disrupt payment systems, money markets, long-term and short-term fixed income 
markets, foreign exchange markets, commodities markets and equity markets and adversely affect the cost and availability of 
funding. 
Interest Rates and Central Bank Policy 
One of the primary factors influencing the Group’s profitability is the level of short-term interest rates in Turkey, 
which affects the return on its securities portfolio and its loan and deposit rates. Treasury bills and bonds sold through public 
auction had average compound interest rates of 16.06%, 15.88% and 8.82% in 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. From 
2018, there also have been auctions of foreign currency-denominated local bonds and lease certificates. Interest rates earned 
and paid on the Group’s assets and liabilities reflect, to a certain degree, current inflation, expectations regarding inflation, 
shifts in short-term interest rates set by the Central Bank and movements in long-term real interest rates. 
Because the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities (principally deposits) generally reprice faster than its interest-earning 
assets, changes in the short-term interest rates in Turkey are generally reflected in the rates of interest paid by the Group on 
its liabilities before such interest rates are reflected in the rates of interest earned by the Group on its assets. Therefore, when 
short-term interest rates fall, the Group is both positively affected (for example, the value of its fixed rate securities portfolio 
might increase, as was the case especially between May 2014 and November 2016 and during the second half of 2019, and its 
interest margins might improve), but can also be negatively impacted (for example, through the decline in net interest 
margins on assets funded by relatively low interest rate deposits, including demand deposits). On the other hand, when short-

--- Page 82 ---
63 
term rates increase, the Group’s interest margin is generally negatively affected (as was the case, for example, in September 
2018), as it will generally pay higher interest rates on its interest-bearing liabilities before it can modify the rates of its 
interest-earning assets. In 2018 and the first months of 2019 (before the reductions initiated in July), the increase in 
benchmark bond yields and the Central Bank’s average funding rates had short-term effects on the Group’s, and generally on 
the Turkish banking sector’s, funding costs due to the tight monetary policies of the Central Bank and the volatility of market 
conditions. An increase in long-term rates generally has at least a short-term negative effect on the Group’s net interest 
margin because its interest-earning assets generally have a longer repricing duration than its interest-bearing liabilities and 
because a portion of its interest-earning assets have fixed rates of interest. In addition, rising interest rates initially would 
likely reduce the value of the Group’s securities investment portfolio, but ultimately would likely result in increased interest 
income on other assets included in this portfolio. Interest rates are expected to remain volatile as a result of factors generally 
affecting emerging markets as well as domestic economic and political conditions in Turkey. See “-Turkish Economy” above 
and “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Group and its Business - Market Risks - Interest Rate Risks.” 
The Central Bank has adjusted reserve requirement ratios as a policy tool at various times in the past several years to 
reduce or encourage certain actions by the banking sector, including both deposit and lending activity. For example, on 
10 January 2017, the Central Bank decreased foreign currency reserve requirement ratios by 50 basis points for all maturity 
brackets and on 6 November 2017 the Central Bank decreased the upper limit for the foreign currency maintenance facility to 
55% from 60% and all tranches were reduced by 5 percentage points in order to provide liquidity to the financial system and 
support price stability and financial stability. On 7 May 2018, the Central Bank further decreased the upper limit for the 
foreign currency maintenance facility within the reserve options mechanism to 45%, which was further reduced to 40% on 
6 August 2018, in order to provide U.S. dollar liquidity to the Turkish financial system. 
Additionally, on 13 August 2018, the Central Bank further reduced the reserve requirement ratios for all maturity 
brackets by 250 basis points for Turkish Lira liabilities and 400 basis points for foreign exchange liabilities. A Turkish Lira 
currency swap market was opened at the Central Bank on 1 November 2018 to increase the efficiency in Turkish Lira and 
foreign exchange liquidity management for Turkish banks. On 26 March 2019, the Central Bank started to execute short-term 
U.S. dollar/Turkish Lira swap transactions (where the Central Bank borrows U.S. dollars and lends Turkish Lira) with local 
banks in order to limit the impact of the tight liquidity of the Turkish Lira (before this date, the Central Bank had only been 
executing swap transactions with local banks where it lent foreign currency and borrowed Turkish Lira). As of 16 February 
2019, Turkish Lira reserve requirement ratios were further reduced by 100 basis points for deposits and participation funds 
with maturities up to one year and for other liabilities with maturities up to (and including) three years, and by 50 basis points 
for all other liabilities subject to reserve requirements by the Central Bank. As of 9 May 2019, the upper limit for the foreign 
exchange maintenance facility within the reserve options mechanism was further lowered to 30% and reserve requirement 
ratios for foreign exchange liabilities were increased by 100 basis points for all maturity brackets. On 27 May 2019, reserve 
requirement ratios for foreign exchange deposits and participation funds were increased by 200 basis points for all maturity 
brackets in order to support financial stability. On 19 August 2019, the Central Bank decided to revise the reserve 
requirement ratios for Turkish Lira liabilities of banks whose annual loan growth (to be calculated according to the 
procedures and principles determined by the Central Bank) is between 10% and 20% of the sum of their loans of a standard 
nature and loans under close monitoring (calculated in Turkish Lira) (excluding foreign currency-indexed loans and loans 
extended to banks). Accordingly, the reserve requirement ratio for such liabilities is set at 2% in all maturity brackets, 
excluding: (a) deposits and participation funds with one year or longer maturity (excluding deposits/participation funds 
obtained from banks abroad) and (b) other liabilities with a longer than three year maturity (including deposits/participation 
funds obtained from banks abroad). Such reserve requirement ratios will be applied for a three month period after the 
calculation period, which will be determined by the Central Bank. On both 7 August and 20 September 2019, the Central 
Bank increased reserve requirements for foreign-exchange deposits/participation funds by 100 basis points, and then by a 
further 200 basis points on 28 December 2019, for all maturity brackets. Such adjustments have had and are likely to 
continue to have an impact on the Group’s results of operations. 
Effective from 9 August 2019, the Central Bank introduced a special provision requirement regime applicable to 
certain Turkish Lira-denominated liabilities and remuneration rates of Turkish banks with annual loan growth rates within a 
certain range. As of 9 December 2019, it was determined that Turkish banks with an annual growth rate in certain Turkish 
Lira-denominated loans (determined in real, as opposed to nominal, terms and subject to certain adjustments) of 5-15% were 
to be subject to a lowered reserve requirement ratio of: (a) 2% (which was previously 7%) in respect of their Turkish Lira 
deposits with a maturity of up to three-months and (b) 2% (which was previously 4%) in respect of their Turkish Lira 
deposits with a maturity of up to six-months. In addition, banks with such an annual loan growth rate received a higher 
interest rate on their reserve accounts maintained in Turkish Lira than is paid to other banks. As a result of this regime, long-

--- Page 83 ---
64 
term commercial loans (which have a strong relation with production and investment) and long-term housing loans (which 
have a weak relation with imports) were being encouraged by the Turkish government. This measured was repealed, 
however, on 27 November 2020. 
The measures implemented by the Central Bank are intended to have positive effects on the Turkish banking sector 
in general, including on the Group, in view of changing global monetary conditions. The Group’s balance sheet structure 
provides a partial hedge against short- to medium-term interest rate movements. Lower interest rates, together with economic 
stability, support loan growth and NPL collections. Higher interest rates, on the other hand, have a positive effect on yields 
on securities, since a significant portion of the Group’s securities have a variable interest rate, which partly mitigates higher 
deposit costs and slowing loan growth. Along with the Group’s current long-term strategy supported by recent interest rate 
increases, the Group’s strategy has been to migrate from investments in its securities portfolio to a loan book and expand its 
business, particularly in more profitable segments such as retail, corporate and SME banking and to increase its fees and 
commission income. The Group’s senior management also seeks to proactively change the mix of the Group’s variable and 
fixed rate assets and liabilities depending upon market conditions and expectations, while bearing in mind market trends and 
the Group’s risk management policies, to minimise risk and maintain a balanced composition of assets and liabilities. 
Significant Securities Portfolio 
While the Bank has historically generated a considerable portion of interest income from its securities portfolio 
(including interest earned, trading gains and other income), since 2011 the percentage of the Bank’s interest income from its 
securities portfolio has generally decreased; however, there have been year-to-year fluctuations resulting from volatility in 
Turkish economic conditions (including, in particular, inflation, exchange rates and interest rates). Interest income derived 
from the Bank’s securities portfolio for 2018, 2019 and 2020, accounted for 20.7%, 18.2% and 24.0%, respectively, of its 
total interest income. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management expects that (in the short- to medium-
term) the relative size of the Bank’s securities portfolio compared to its total assets will likely remain fairly stable, in part to 
maintain a buffer for liquidity purposes. 
The Bank’s investment securities portfolio (which consists of its financial assets measured at amortised cost and 
financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income) represented 16.5%, 19.8% and 22.4% of the 
Bank’s total assets as of 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. The share of CPI-linked securities in the Bank’s 
total securities portfolio as of such dates was 21.5%, 21.2% and 20.9%, respectively. The CPI-linked securities performed 
well in 2018 and in the first half of 2019, particularly as a result of higher inflation; however, such performance moderated in 
the second half of 2019 and first half of 2020 before improving during the second half of 2020 as a result of the increasing 
inflation rate. 
Most Turkish banks’ securities portfolios (including that of the Bank) comprise mainly Turkish government 
securities. The Bank’s total securities portfolio comprises, as of 31 December 2020, 99.2% Turkish government securities, 
compared to 98.9% and 98.8%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019 and 2018. As the Bank’s investment securities 
portfolio comprises largely Turkish government securities, which are generally expected to be more stable than securities of 
non-governmental issuers, the Bank recorded mark-to-market gains on its investment securities portfolio as of 
31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020. As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s trading portfolio (i.e., financial assets measured at 
fair value through profit or loss and derivative financial assets held for trading, both of which are not included in the 
investment securities portfolio) consisted of 71.3% Turkish government debt securities (40.4% as of 31 December 2019), 
while its available-for-sale investment securities portfolio (i.e., financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income) consisted of 96.3% Turkish government debt securities (98.8% as of 31 December 2019). Such 
portfolios are marked-to-market with the losses or gains being included in income (for the trading portfolio and where there 
is a permanent impairment of available-for-sale securities) or shareholders’ equity (for the available-for-sale portfolio) as 
appropriate. In case of permanent impairments of held-to-maturity securities (i.e., other financial assets measured at 
amortised cost), such impairment losses are also recognised in income. See the Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements 
incorporated by reference herein, “Selected Statistical and Other Information - Investment Portfolio” and “-Analysis of the 
Results of Operations for the Years Ended 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020 - Current Period Profit/Loss from Continued 
Operations - Gross Operating Income - Net Interest Income - Interest income from marketable securities.”

--- Page 84 ---
65 
Loan Portfolio Growth 
The Group’s main strategy in lending is to continue to grow SME, retail and corporate banking while further 
increasing its strong presence in the agricultural sector through a customer-focused approach. In order to implement its core 
strategies, the Group aims to acquire new customers and reactivate inactive customers through effective marketing practices, 
increase its cross-selling capabilities and improve its overall service quality. In line with its strategy, the Group has pursued a 
policy of increasing and diversifying its loan portfolio, with a particular emphasis on the higher-yielding business divisions of 
retail and mid-cap SME customers. Particularly, as GDP growth in Turkey and per capita income among the Bank’s targeted 
customer base generally increased over recent years until the slowdown that started after the end of the first half of 2018, the 
demand for SME and retail credit grew; however, starting in the second half of 2018 and continuing through most of 2019, 
demand decreased given volatile economic conditions. Positive market settlement near the end of 2019 and in the beginning 
of 2020 supported stronger loan growth; however, the arrival of the COVID-19 pandemic in early 2020 resulted in a 
significant decline in economic activity. Despite this negative economic impact, the Group experienced high loan growth in 
2020, particularly in the retail and SME segments, due to the COVID-19-related economic support actions taken by the 
government to expand the KGF guarantee facility. 
These developments, coupled with the Group’s strategy to diversify its asset base by reducing investments in its 
securities portfolio and increasing its loan portfolio, led to an increase in the Bank’s loans (net) between 2011 and 2019. The 
Bank’s loans (net) totalled TL 581.9 billion as of 31 December 2020, an increase of 33.8% from TL 435.0 billion as of 
31 December 2019, itself an increase of 17.3% from TL 370.9 billion as of 31 December 2018. A considerable portion of this 
growth was from retail and SME loans growth, particularly general purpose loans and KGF-guaranteed loans during 2019 
(see “Turkish Regulatory Environment - Credit Guarantee Fund” for more information on the KGF programme) and housing 
loans and KGF-guaranteed loans during 2020. 
Provisioning 
The Bank’s financial results can be significantly affected by the amount of provisions for expected credit losses 
recorded in any period. The Bank’s net allowance for losses on loans (net) was TL 10,264 million in 2020, an increase of 
24.2% from TL 8,264 million in 2019, which itself was an increase of 54.5% from TL 5,348 million in 2018. The increase in 
2019 was mainly due to the 70.1% increase in the total NPL portfolio, resulting both from ageing in the NPL portfolio and 
the formation of new NPLs. The increase in 2020 was partially the result of a 9.5% increase in the total NPL portfolio but 
also reflected increasing provisioning for the Bank’s performing loan portfolio, including Stage 2 loans. See “Turkish 
Regulatory Environment – Expected Credit Losses.” 
Unless the BRSA extends the period of application of the temporary rule on classification of loans, the Bank’s 
management expects (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) that the NPL levels will increase in 2021 due to the lapse of such 
rule on 30 June 2021. Despite such temporary rules implemented by the BRSA, the Bank revised its forward-looking 
macroeconomic scenario for 2021 in the data set used for the Bank’s IFRS 9 model for the calculation of expected credit 
losses and increased the weighting of negative scenarios in such model; however, there can be no assurance that the Bank’s 
model for calculating expected credit losses is correct, particularly given the highly uncertain impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic. 
The Bank’s management believes that the Bank’s lower-than-sector NPL levels are closely related to its unique 
structural features (including its agricultural sector focus, the high share of payroll customers in its general purpose loan 
portfolio, its very high market share in mortgage loans and its relatively low market share in credit cards) and its high NPL 
collection capabilities through the Bank’s credit evaluation and monitoring system, which have allowed the Bank to limit the 
increase in its NPL ratio despite a strong growth of the Bank’s loan book over recent years and volatile macroeconomic 
conditions. 
The Bank’s management believes that the Bank’s below-sector NPL levels have been supported by its long-standing 
experience with its retail and agricultural customers and its prudent credit policies and procedures. Unlike certain other 
Turkish banking institutions, the Bank has not written-off or sold to third parties any of its NPLs. Senior management 
believes that the Bank also enjoys strong collection capabilities. As of 31 December 2020, the average collection period of 
NPLs was approximately three years, which indicates that the Bank has relatively effective collection procedures. The 
following table shows the NPL ratio of the Bank compared to the sector for the periods specified:

--- Page 85 ---
66 
As of 31 December 
NPL ratio
2018 
2019 
2020 
Bank ................................  
2.0% 
2.8% 
2.3% 
Sector ..............................  
3.9% 
5.3% 
4.0% 
Source: The Bank. Sector comparison as per BRSA solo data. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s NPL ratios for its retail, corporate and SME loan portfolios were 0.7%, 2.3% and 3.3%, 
respectively. As of the same date, the NPL ratios in the overall Turkish retail, corporate and SME banking sectors were 2.0%, 
3.9% and 6.4%, respectively, according to the data published by the BRSA, whereas the NPL ratio of the retail loan book in 
terms of type of loan was 1.2% for general purposes loans, 0.1% for mortgage loans and 1.9% for credit card loans. 
The independent auditor’s reports in relation to the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein are 
each qualified with respect to free provisions recognised by the Bank that are not in accordance with BRSA Principles. 
Future BRSA Financial Statements of the Bank and the Group might have similar qualifications. 
The Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of 31 December 2020 include a free provision of TL 3,460 
million, an increase of TL 2,630 million from TL 830 million as of 31 December 2019, itself a reduction of TL 122 million 
from TL 952 million as of 31 December 2018. In 2018 and 2019, the Bank reversed TL 533 million and TL 122 million, 
respectively, of its free provisions, which amount was credited as “other income” for the applicable year and thereby 
increased the Bank’s net income by a corresponding amount. In 2020, the Bank reserved TL 2,630 million of additional free 
provisions, which amount was charged as “other provisioning expenses” for the year and thereby decreased the Bank’s net 
income by a corresponding amount. 
The Bank’s management provided these free provisions, although not in accordance with BRSA Principles, in line 
with the conservatism principle considering the circumstances that may arise from any changes in the economy or market 
condition. Although additions and reversals of free provisions impact the Bank’s net income for the applicable period, they 
do not impact the Bank’s level of tax. Such provisions might be reversed or reallocated by the Bank in future periods, which 
might cause the Bank’s net income to be higher or lower in future periods than it otherwise would be in the absence of such 
reversal or reallocation. See the independent auditor’s reports in the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference 
herein. 
Exchange Rates 
A portion of the Bank’s assets and liabilities is denominated in foreign currencies, particularly the U.S. dollar and 
the euro. As of 31 December 2020, 35.9% of the Bank’s total assets and 44.1% of the Bank’s total liabilities and equity were 
denominated in foreign currencies as compared to 35.1% and 43.1%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019 and 37.3% and 
40.6%, respectively, as of 31 December 2018. The Bank’s policy for managing foreign currency risk is designed to ensure 
that foreign exchange assets are by a large extent matched by foreign exchange liabilities denominated in the same currency 
after taking into account the effect of derivative instruments to minimise its currency risk and the Bank also engages in 
foreign currency hedging as needed. The Bank has maintained and may continue to maintain a difference between the 
balances of such foreign exchange-denominated assets and liabilities. This difference was TL 77.5 billion (assets being lower 
than liabilities) as of 31 December 2020 (TL 51.9 billion as of 31 December 2019), which was largely offset by derivatives 
transactions. For further information on the currency gap, see “Selected Statistical and Other Information - Distribution of 
Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential - Average Balance Sheet and Interest 
Data).”
The Bank translates such assets and liabilities, as well as interest earned or paid on such assets and liabilities, and 
gains or losses realised upon the sale of such assets, into Turkish Lira in preparing its financial statements. Nevertheless, the 
overall effect of exchange rate movements on the Bank’s results of operations depends on the rate of depreciation or 
appreciation of the Turkish Lira against its principal trading and financing currencies, as well as the successful 
implementation of the Bank’s hedging strategies. The Bank recorded a net foreign exchange loss of TL 6,578 million during 
2020, a net foreign exchange gain of TL 447 million during 2019 and a net foreign exchange loss of TL 337 million for 2018. 
Exchange rate movements can also have an effect on the Turkish Lira-equivalent value of the Bank’s foreign 
exchange-denominated assets and capital, which can affect capital adequacy either positively (for example, if the Turkish

--- Page 86 ---
67 
Lira appreciates, then assets in foreign currencies translate into fewer Turkish Lira in the calculations of capital adequacy 
ratios and thus increase the capital adequacy ratios) or negatively (for example, if the Turkish Lira depreciates, then foreign 
currency-denominated assets translate into more Turkish Lira in the calculations of capital adequacy ratios and thus reduce 
the capital adequacy ratios). See also “Risks Relating to Turkey - Economic Conditions” and “Risks Relating to 
Turkey - Turkish Regulatory and Other Matters - Banking Regulatory Matters.” 
Critical Accounting Policies 
The Bank’s accounting policies are integral to understanding its results of operations and financial condition 
presented in the BRSA Financial Statements. The Bank’s significant accounting policies under the BRSA Principles as of and 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 are described in Section Three of the notes to the Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial 
Statements as of and for the year ended on such date (significant accounting policies for BRSA Financial Statements for 
other accounting periods being set forth in the respective reports). The Bank’s BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the 
years ended 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020 were prepared in line with TFRS 9 and TFRS 15 standards and (with respect 
to the BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019 and 2020) also TFRS 16 standards. While 
information for 2019 and 2020 is not comparable to the information presented for earlier periods due to the implementation 
of TFRS 16 as of 1 January 2019, this accounting policy change did not have a significant impact on the accounting policies, 
financial position and/or performance of the Bank. 
The preparation of the BRSA Financial Statements requires the Bank’s senior management to make estimates and 
assumptions that affect the application of policies and in the measurement of income and expenses in the profit and loss 
statement, in the carrying value of assets and liabilities on the balance sheet, and in the disclosure of information in the notes 
to the financial statements. The estimates and associated assumptions are based upon historical experience and various other 
factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making judgments 
about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results might differ 
significantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments and conditions. 
The Bank’s senior management believes that the following significant accounting policies require more critical 
judgments or estimates or involve a greater degree of complexity in the application of accounting policies that affect the 
Bank’s financial condition and results of operations. 
Classification of financial assets 
Financial assets comprise cash, contractual rights to obtain cash or another financial asset from or to exchange 
financial instruments with a counterparty, or capital instrument transactions with a counterparty. They have the ability to 
affect and diminish the liquidity, credit and interest rate risks in the Bank’s financial statements. The rules that apply to the 
classification of financial assets under TFRS 9 are described below. 
Classification and measurement of financial assets. According to TFRS 9 requirements, the classification and 
measurement of a financial asset depends upon: (a) the business model within which such financial asset is managed and (b) 
the contractual cash flow characteristics of such financial asset. Each of the categories of financials assets under TFRS 9 is 
described below. 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss: Financial assets measured at fair value through profit 
or loss are financial assets that are either acquired to generate profit from short-term fluctuations in their prices or are 
financial assets included in a portfolio that has been created to realise short-term profit. Financial assets measured at fair 
value through profit or loss are initially recognised at fair value and are thereafter remeasured at their fair value. All gains and 
losses arising from these valuations are reflected in the Bank’s income statement. 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income: In addition to financial assets within a 
business model for which there is an intention of holding to collect contractual cash flows and to sell, financial asset with 
contractual terms for which expected cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest at certain dates are classified as 
financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. These financial assets are recognised by adding 
transaction cost to acquisition cost, the sum of which represents the initial fair value of the financial asset. After their initial 
recognition, financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are remeasured at their fair value.

--- Page 87 ---
68 
Interest income, calculated with the effective interest rate method, arising from financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income and dividend income from equity securities are recorded under the Bank’s income statement. 
“Unrealised gains and losses” arising from the difference between the amortised cost and the fair value of financial assets 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are not reflected in the Bank’s income statement until the 
acquisition of the financial asset, sale of the financial asset, the disposal of the financial asset and impairment of the financial 
asset and they are accounted under the “Accumulated other comprehensive income or expense to be reclassified through 
profit or loss” line item under shareholders’ equity. When these securities are collected or disposed of, the accumulated fair 
value differences reflected in the equity are reflected to the Bank’s income statement. 
Equity securities that have a quoted market price in an active market and the fair value of which can be reliably 
measured are carried at fair value and classified as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income. Equity securities that do not have a quoted market price in an active market and the fair value of which cannot be 
reliably measured are carried at cost less provision for impairment. 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost: Financial assets that are held to collect contractual cash flows where 
those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are classified as financial assets measured at amortised 
cost. Financial assets measured at amortised cost are initially recognised at their acquisition cost, including the transaction 
costs, which reflect the fair value of those financial assets, and then are subsequently recognised at amortised cost by using 
the effective interest rate method. Interest income obtained from financial assets measured at amortised cost is accounted in 
the Bank’s income statement. 
Loans: Loans are financial assets that have fixed or determinable payment terms and are not quoted in an active 
market. Loans are initially recognised at acquisition cost plus transaction costs, which represent their initial fair value, and are 
thereafter measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. Bank loans and receivables are initially carried 
at cost value. Bank loans are measured at amortised cost using an internal rate of return. Short-term and long-term loans are 
grouped as uncollateralised or collateralised, foreign currency-denominated loans are initially recognised in their original 
currency and revalued thereafter using the applicable foreign exchange buying rate of the Bank. Foreign exchange-indexed 
loans are revalued in Turkish Lira by the applicable foreign exchange buying rate of the Bank at the date they are revalued. 
Repayments of these loans are calculated in Turkish Lira terms by applying the applicable foreign exchange selling rate of 
the Bank at the repayment date. The Bank’s loans are recognised under the “measured at amortised cost” account.
Explanations for expected loss provisions: The main principle of the expected credit loss model is to reflect the 
general outlook of deterioration or improvement in the credit quality of financial assets. The amount of expected credit 
losses, known as loss provision or provisions, varies according to the credit risk. There are two measurements according to 
the general approach:
- a 12-month expected loss provision (Stage 1) applies to all assets unless there is a significant deterioration 
in the credit quality, and 
- a lifetime expectation loss (Stage 2 and Stage 3) is applied when there is a significant increase in credit 
risk or there is observed evidence of impairment. 
Impairment. The Bank recognises provisions for impairment of its financial assets in accordance with TFRS 9 
requirements according to the “Regulation on the Procedures and Principles for Classification of Loans by Banks and 
Provisions to be set aside” published in the Official Gazette dated 22 June 2016 and No. 29750. In this framework, as of 
31 December 2017, the method of calculating provisions for impairment as set out in accordance with the relevant laws was 
replaced by the expected credit loss model under TFRS 9. The expected credit loss model includes financial assets that are 
measured at amortised cost or at fair value in other comprehensive income (such as bank deposits, loans and securities), 
financial lease receivables that are not measured at fair value through profit or loss, credit commitments and financial 
guarantee contracts. The guiding principle of the expected credit loss model is to reflect the increase in the credit risk of 
financial assets or the general view of the recovery thereon. The amount of allowance for an expected credit loss depends 
upon the degree of the increase in credit risk since the initial allocation of the loan. Expected credit loss for a financial asset is 
an estimate of the expected credit losses over the life of such financial instrument.

--- Page 88 ---
69 
Defined Benefit Plan 
In accordance with existing law in Turkey, the Bank and its subsidiaries in Turkey are required to make lump-sum 
severance payments to each employee who has completed one year of service with the Bank and whose employment is 
terminated due to retirement or for reasons other than resignation, such as end of contract term or misconduct. Such 
severance payments are unfunded since there is no funding requirement in Turkey. The cost of providing such severance 
payments is determined by an actuarial calculation using the projected unit credit method. All actuarial gains and losses on 
these obligations are recognised in profit or loss. 
In calculating the related liability to be recorded in the financial statements for these severance payments, the Group 
uses assumptions and estimates relating to, among other things, the discount rate to be used, expected turnover of employees 
and future change in salaries and compensation. These assumptions and estimates are reviewed regularly. The carrying value 
of employee severance payment provisions was TL 824.5 million as of 31 December 2018, TL 1,038.5 million as of 
31 December 2019 and TL 1,230.6 million as of 31 December 2020. 
Some of the Bank’s personnel are members of the Türkiye Cumhuriyeti Ziraat Bankası A.Ş. and Türkiye Halk 
Bankası A.Ş. Employees’ Pension Fund (the “Fund”), which was established by the 20th provisional article of the Social 
Security Law Act No. 506. The Social Security Law Act No. 506 was abolished by the Social Security Law No. 5510 (the 
“Social Security Law”), with the exception of the 20th provisional article. As of 31 December 2020, the number of personnel 
who benefit from the Fund, excluding dependents, was 24,212 (compared with 23,720 as of 31 December 2019 and 23,308 as 
of 31 December 2018). Among these members, 20,297 were active while the remainder were passive as of 31 December 
2020 compared with 19,832 and 19,458 active and 3,888 and 3,850 passive members as of 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2018, respectively. 
The Bank’s technical balance sheet report as of 31 December 2020, which is prepared in accordance with the Law 
Regarding the Changes in Social Insurance and General Health Insurance Law and Other Related Laws and Regulations 
No. 5754 and the determined rate of 9.80%, concluded that no technical deficit arises in the Fund. Since the Bank has no 
legal right to hold the present value of any economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the Fund or reductions in 
future contributions to the Fund, no asset related to the Fund is recognised in the Bank’s financial statements. 
In accordance with the relevant legislation in Turkey, pension funds were required to be transferred directly to the 
Social Security Fund (“SSF”) within a period of three years starting from 8 May 2008. Certain provisions of the legislation 
requiring transfer were challenged before the Constitutional Court and, while a previous version of this law was found to be 
unconstitutional by the Constitutional Court in 2007, on 30 March 2011, the Constitutional Court ruled that this law was 
constitutional and rejected the claim that it should be cancelled. Pursuant to the Council of Ministers’ decision 2014/6042 
dated 30 April 2014, the deadline by which to transfer pension funds to the SSF was extended to 8 May 2015, which was 
then later extended. According to Law No. 6645 amending the 20th provisional article of the Social Security Law and 
published in the Official Gazette on 23 April 2015, as revised by presidential Decree No. 703 effective as of 2 July 2018, the 
Turkish Presidency is authorised to determine the date of the transfer of pension funds to the SSF.
The excess benefits, which are not subject to the transfer to the SSF, are accounted for in the Bank’s BRSA 
Financial Statements in accordance with TAS 19 (“Employee Benefits”). The obligation in respect of this retained portion of 
the benefit plan is calculated by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service 
in the current and prior periods, which benefit is discounted to determine its present value by using the projected unit credit 
method, and any unrecognised past service costs and the fair value of any plan assets are deducted. 
The pension and medical benefits transferable to the SSF and the excess benefits are calculated semi-annually by an 
independent actuary registered with the Turkish Treasury. As per the latest independent actuary report dated 31 December 
2020, the Group had no excess obligation that needed to be provided for as of 31 December 2020.
Taxation 
Income tax is calculated on the basis of taxable income as calculated by applicable tax laws, which differ in certain 
material respects from the BRSA Principles. The Bank’s effective tax rate was 20.7% for 2018, 19.1% for 2019 and 27.8% 
for 2020. In preparing its financial statements, the Bank is required to estimate taxes on income, which involves an estimation

--- Page 89 ---
70 
of current tax expenses together with an assessment of temporary differences resulting from differences between carrying 
amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the corresponding bases used in the calculation of 
taxable profit. Although the Bank generally recognises deferred tax liabilities on all taxable temporary differences, it will 
only recognise a deferred tax liability if and to the extent it believes that future taxable profits will be available to cover the 
deferred tax liability being recognised. This necessarily entails senior management estimates of future taxable profit, as well 
as calculations based on tax rates that are expected to be applied at some point in the future. If these estimates and related 
assumptions prove to be incorrect, then the Bank might be required to record valuation allowances against its deferred tax 
assets resulting in additional tax expense in its income. The Bank evaluates the recoverability of the deferred tax assets on 
each business day. 
Analysis of Results of Operations for 2018, 2019 and 2020 
The following summary financial and operating data as of and for the years ended 31 December 2018, 2019 and 
2020 have been extracted from the Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements without material adjustment. This information 
should be read in conjunction with the BRSA Annual Financial Statements (including the notes therein). 
Current period profit/loss from continued operations increased 26.5% in 2020 to TL 7,825 million from TL 6,187 
million in 2019, which itself decreased by 22.3% from TL 7,961 million in 2018. The table below summarises the Bank’s 
income statement for the indicated years, the components of which are described in greater detail in the following sections: 
2018 
2019 
2020
(TL thousands)
Interest income...............................................................................  
53,053,807 
65,602,283 
69,476,028 
Interest expenses ............................................................................  
(31,137,996) 
(40,290,277) 
(34,861,528) 
Net interest income...............................................................
21,915,811 
25,312,006 
34,614,500 
Net fees and commissions income .................................................  
2,637,794 
3,589,771 
3,092,735 
Dividend income ............................................................................  
290,900 
1,060,357 
1,119,253 
Trading profit/loss (net) .................................................................  
(3,834,183) 
(7,817,493) 
(7,743,467) 
Other operating income .................................................................  
1,433,843 
1,613,869 
5,181,957 
Gross operating income........................................................
22,444,165 
23,758,510 
36,264,978 
Expected credit losses(1) .................................................................  
(4,718,687) 
(6,425,161) 
(13,339,348) 
Personnel expense ..........................................................................  
(2,839,925) 
(3,460,423) 
(4,396,112) 
Other operating expenses ...............................................................  
(4,851,869) 
(6,224,812) 
(7,695,395) 
Profit/loss before tax from continued operations...............
10,033,684 
7,648,114 
10,834,123 
Tax provision for continued operations .........................................  
(2,072,746) 
(1,461,226) 
(3,009,104) 
Current period profit/loss from continued operations......
7,960,938 
6,186,888 
7,825,019 
(1) 
Includes “Other Provisions.”

--- Page 90 ---
71 
The Group calculates certain ratios in order to measure its performance and to compare its performance to that of its 
main competitors. See “Presentation of Financial and Other Information - Alternative Performance Measures” and “Summary 
Financial and Other Information - Key Ratios and Other Information.” The following table sets out certain key performance 
indicators for the Bank for the periods indicated: 
2018 
2019 
2020
(%, except as indicated) 
Yield ........................................................................................................  
12.2 
12.6 
10.1 
Net interest margin ..................................................................................  
5.0 
4.8 
5.0 
Net interest spread ...................................................................................  
4.6 
4.6 
5.5 
Cost-to-income ratio ................................................................................  
34.7 
42.7 
30.6 
Operating expenses to average total assets ratio(1) ...................................  
1.6 
1.6 
1.5 
Return on average total assets ..................................................................  
1.6 
1.0 
1.0 
Return on average shareholders’ equity ...................................................  
15.2 
9.7 
9.6 
Earnings per share(2) .................................................................................  
1.4 
1.0 
0.8 
Total operating income before provisions (including personnel expense 
but excluding dividend income)(TL thousands) ...............................  
19,313,340 
23,758,510 
36,264,978 
(1) 
Operating expenses includes personnel expense but excludes marketable securities impairment expense for such period. 
(2) 
Earnings per share for a period represents profit for such period divided by number of shares as of the last day of such period. 
The calculation of the Bank’s cost-to-income ratio for the indicated years is as follows: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Other operating expenses ................................  
4,851,869 
6,224,812 
7,695,395 
Personnel expense ...........................................  
2,839,925 
3,460,423 
4,396,112 
Marketable securities impairment expense .....  
994 
767 
49 
Cost..........................................................
7,690,800
9,684,468 
12,091,458 
Total operating income ...................................  
19,604,240 
23,758,510 
36,264,978 
Personnel expense ...........................................  
(2,839,925) 
(3,460,423) 
(4,396,112) 
Dividend income .............................................  
290,900 
1,060,357 
1,119,253 
Income ..................................................... 
22,153,265 
26,158,576 
39,541,837 
Cost-to-income ratio...............................
34.7% 
42.7% 
30.6% 
The increase in the Bank’s cost-to-income ratio in 2019 was primarily due to an increase in tax costs, general operating 
expenses (such as promotion costs and maintenance costs) and increased premiums paid to the SDIF. The decrease in 2020 
was primarily due to strong interest income generation, which exceeded the increase in expenses. See “-Other Operating 
Expenses” below. 
Current Period Profit/Loss from Continued Operations 
The Bank’s current period profit/loss from continued operations for a period is calculated by subtracting its expected 
credit losses, other operating expenses and tax provisions for continued operations from its gross operating income for such 
period. The Bank’s current period profit/loss from continued operations for 2020 was TL 7.8 billion, a 26.5% increase from 
TL 6.2 billion in 2019, which was itself a 22.3% decrease from TL 8.0 billion in 2018. 
The change in 2019 was due to: (a) a 33.8% increase in expected credit loss, which was offset in part by (b) a 36.1% 
increase in net fees and commission income resulting primarily from the higher contribution from payment systems, 
transaction fees and lending-related fees. In 2020, the change was due to a 36.8% increase in net interest income, which was 
driven by a 13.5% decrease in interest expenses largely due to a decrease in the cost of funding resulting from the significant 
basis point rate cuts that the Central Bank began in July 2019 and continued until the increases starting in September 2020. 
The Bank’s management continues to closely monitor the implementation and consequences of the government’s economic 
support package on the national economy going forward.

--- Page 91 ---
72 
The following sections describe the principal components of the Bank’s current period profit/loss from continued 
operations (i.e., gross operating income, expected credit losses, other operating expenses and provisions for continued 
operations) in greater detail. 
Gross Operating Income 
The Bank’s gross operating income is comprised of its net interest income, net fees and commissions income, 
dividend income, trading profit/loss (net) and other operating income. Each of these is described in greater detail below. 
Net Interest Income
Net interest income is the difference between the Bank’s interest income and interest expense - that is, the difference 
between the interest income that the Bank receives on its interest-earning assets and the interest expense that it pays on its 
interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is the principal source of income for the Bank and is a result of its average 
spread (i.e., the differential between the interest rates that it receives on interest-earning assets and the interest rates that it 
pays on interest-bearing liabilities) and the volume of such assets and liabilities. Net interest income represented 97.6%, 
106.5% and 95.4% of total operating income/expenses for 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. 
Net interest income in 2019 increased by 15.5% to TL 25.3 billion, which was principally a result of rate cuts by the 
Central Bank starting from July 2019 as a result of declining inflation (and, thus as a result of differences in the timing of 
repricing, lower interest rates applied for deposits relative to loans) and the growth in the Bank’s Turkish Lira loans. In 2020, 
net interest income increased by 36.8% to TL 34.6 billion, reflecting a continued benefit from such rate cuts until the 
increases starting in September 2020 and (as discussed under “Financial Condition - Assets” below) an increase in the Bank’s 
Turkish Lira-denominated loans. 
In 2019, the net interest margin decreased to 4.8% from 5.0% in 2018, notwithstanding a small recovery during the 
second half of the year, due to a combination of factors, including an overall reduction in interest rates and inflation (which 
had a positive impact due to the fact that price changes are reflected more quickly on deposits compared to loans), a 
comparably higher rate of increase in deposits than loans and a lower contribution from the CPI-linked portion of the Bank’s 
securities portfolio. In 2020, the net interest margin increased to 5.0%, which change was primarily due to a decrease in 
interest expenses resulting from the relatively low interest rate environment. See also “-Significant Factors Affecting the 
Group’s Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Interest Rates and Central Bank Policy.” The calculation of the 
Bank’s net interest margin for the indicated periods is as follows: 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Net interest income ................................... 
21,915,811 
25,312,006 
34,614,500 
Average interest-earning assets ................. 
434,720,120 
522,385,165 
687,974,766 
Net interest margin .........................
5.0% 
4.8% 
5.0% 
In addition, during each of 2018, 2019 and 2020, the Bank had significant excess foreign exchange liquidity as a 
result of customers’ preference to hold foreign exchange-denominated deposits while foreign exchange-denominated lending 
has been limited due to slower economic conditions and foreign exchange rate volatility. As a result, the Bank swapped 
foreign currencies for Turkish Lira to support its Turkish Lira-denominated business, which increased the Bank’s swap costs 
and thereby had a negative impact on net interest margin (in 2020, such swaps had a 76 basis point negative impact on the 
Bank’s net interest margin, compared to 10 basis points in 2019 and 80 basis points in 2018). For additional information on 
net interest income during these years, see “Selected Statistical and Other Information - Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and 
Shareholders’ Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential - Average Balance Sheet and Interest Data.” 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management expects that the Bank’s net interest margin in at least 
the first half of 2021 will decline compared to 2020 due to the expected decline in core spreads resulting from increasing 
deposit and other funding costs. 
Interest income. The Group’s interest income consists of interest income from: (a) loans, (b) reserves required to be 
maintained with the Central Bank, (c) banks, (d) money market placements and (e) marketable securities, as well as other

--- Page 92 ---
73 
interest income. Interest income is a function of both the volume of interest-earning assets and the yield that the Group earns 
on these assets. 
Interest income and expenses are recognised according to the effective interest method (in which method the present 
net value of the future cash flows of financial assets or liabilities is calculated) and: (a) the Group records the cancelled 
interest accruals of NPLs under “NPL accruals accounts” and reflects them under the “interest income” line item, (b) the 
expected credit losses are calculated and included in the “gross book value” calculation and (c) interest accruals on NPLs are 
calculated at their net book value (i.e., their gross book value minus their expected credit losses). During 2018, 2019 and 
2020, the Bank’s interest income from NPLs was TL 189.8 million, TL 625.2 million and TL 976.3 million, respectively. 
The Bank’s loans and receivables represented the largest portion of the Group’s total assets, with 69.1%, 66.9% and 
61.7% of total assets as of 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. As of the same dates, the Bank’s securities 
portfolio comprised 17.8%, 20.1% and 23.9%, respectively, of the Bank’s total assets. For information on the average interest 
rates earned by the Group on its interest-earning assets during these years, see “Selected Statistical and Other 
Information - Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential - Average 
Balance Sheet and Interest Data.” 
The Bank’s interest income increased by 5.9% to TL 69.5 billion in 2020 from TL 65.6 billion in 2019, itself a 
23.7% increase from TL 53.1 billion in 2018. In 2019, the Bank experienced an increase in the interest income generated 
from its loans, mainly due to growth in its loan portfolio; however, there was a decline in interest income from CPI-linked 
securities due to a decline in inflation. In 2020, the increase was principally a result of the Bank experiencing a declining 
interest rate environment (particularly during the first eight months of the year), which was offset by growth in income from 
marketable securities. 
The following table sets out the components of the Bank’s total interest income for the periods indicated: 
Change 
2018 
2019 
2020
2019/18 
2020/19 
(TL thousands) 
(%) 
Interest income from loans ........................................ 
41,027,918 
52,764,423 
52,330,087 
28.6 
(0.8) 
Interest income from reserve requirements ................ 
697,410 
439,830 
229,750 
(36.9) 
(47.8) 
Interest income from banks ........................................ 
248,312 
305,757 
58,101 
23.1 
(81.0) 
Interest income from money market placements ....... 
22,490 
7,099 
33 
(68.4) 
(99.5) 
Interest income from marketable securities ............... 
10,977,126 
11,966,108 
16,695,965 
9.0 
39.5 
Other interest income ................................................. 
80,551 
119,066 
162,092 
47.8 
36.1 
Total interest income........................................
53,053,807 
65,602,283 
69,476,028 
23.7 
5.9 
Interest income from loans. Interest income from loans decreased by 0.8% to TL 52.3 billion in 2020 from TL 52.8 
billion in 2019, itself a 28.6% increase from TL 41.0 billion in 2018. The increase in 2019 was primarily due to growth in 
loans to all of the Bank’s primary customer segments whereas the slight decrease in 2020 was principally the result of the 
lower interest rate environment resulting from the Central Bank’s rate cuts starting in July 2019 as described above and 
continuing until the second half of 2020. 
The average interest rate on Turkish Lira-denominated loans decreased to 11.9% in 2020 from 16.3% in 2019, 
which was a slight increase from 14.9% in 2018. In 2019, this reflected the upward loan repricing in line with market interest 
rates; however, in 2020, the Central Bank’s expansionary actions resulted in lower market interest rates. The average interest 
rate on foreign currency-denominated loans decreased to 6.1% in 2020 from 6.8% in 2019 and 6.9% in 2018. The changes in 
2019 were principally driven by the lower interest rate environment globally and, in Turkey, during the second half of the 
year whereas the changes in 2020 also reflected the lower interest rate environment, though with Turkish rates increasing in 
the second half of the year. 
The average balance of the Bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated loan portfolio increased by 20.0% to TL 284.1 billion 
in 2019, which increase was due to improving economic conditions in the second half of 2019 and increased demand from 
customers for Turkish Lira-denominated loans. The average balance of the Bank’s foreign currency-denominated loan

--- Page 93 ---
74 
portfolio increased by 21.5% to TL 118.8 billion in 2019 as a result of the depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. 
dollar and euro. When the U.S. dollar/Turkish Lira exchange rate as of 31 December 2018 is used, foreign exchange-
denominated loans increased by 8.2% in 2019. 
The average balance of the Bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated loan portfolio increased by 40.3% to TL 462.3 billion 
in 2020, which increase was due to continued lending (particularly in the retail and SME segments) due to KGF-guaranteed 
loan facilities introduced during the COVID-19 pandemic. The average balance of the Bank’s foreign currency-denominated 
loan portfolio increased by 16.7% to TL 138.3 billion in 2020 as a result of an increase in corporate lending and the 
depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar and euro. When the U.S. dollar/Turkish Lira exchange rate as of 
31 December 2019 is used, foreign exchange-denominated loans decreased by 6.5% in 2020. 
In December 2016, the Turkish Treasury announced that it would increase the funds allocated to the KGF 
programme in order to enable the KGF to guarantee further SME loans for up to a total amount of TL 250 billion. This 
decision aimed to support economic growth and companies that have good standing with Turkish banks, but have difficulty 
in accessing funding due to collateralisation constraints. A 0% risk weight was applied to the guaranteed portion of the KGF 
loans, which also supported loan growth. The KGF covered up to 7% of NPL risk of KGF loans, with any additional risk 
borne by the bank providing the loan. Banks were permitted to extend loans subject to a KGF guarantee up to a limit 
calculated by the KGF using the same method for all banks. KGF loans were subject to standard credit policies and 
procedures of the bank providing the loan. At the end of January 2018, the Turkish government announced that the Turkish 
Treasury will provide additional guarantees for loans up to an aggregate amount of TL 55 billion via the KGF, primarily 
targeting export and technology companies. Additionally, due to the repayment of KGF-guaranteed loans, additional lending 
capacity becomes available under the KGF programme (for example, repayments in 2017 and 2018 permitted up to 
approximately TL 80 billion in renewed availability under the KGF programme). As of January 2019, an additional TL 20 
billion limit was allocated by the government under the KGF guarantee for the use of SMEs with 2017 annual turnover of 
TL 25 million or less, and the government has announced that there will be an additional TL 25 billion limit allocation for 
SMEs with a yearly turnover of TL 125 million or less without any industry-specific limitations. On 30 March 2020, an 
additional TL 25 billion limit was allocated by the government under the KGF guarantee in order to address the economic 
effects of the COVID-19 coronavirus. As of 31 December 2020, the total amount of outstanding loans extended by the Bank 
under the KGF guarantee was TL 80.1 billion (representing 23.1% of the market total), of which loans to SMEs represented 
TL 58.8 billion and retail loans represented TL 21.3 billion (which retail loans were made to 3.7 million customers). 
Interest income from marketable securities. Interest income from marketable securities increased by 9.0% to 
TL 12.0 billion in 2019, which increase was due primarily to the increase in the average yield on Turkish Lira-denominated 
securities and an increase in the total size (in Turkish Lira terms) of the portfolio. The average yield of the Bank’s Turkish 
Lira-denominated securities portfolio increased by approximately 340 basis points when comparing the average of 2017/2018 
yields to the average of 2018/2019 yields due primarily to higher-than-targeted inflation and the resulting increasing interest 
rate environment through the first half of the year. The average interest rate on the Bank’s securities portfolio decreased to 
10.6% in 2019, with the average interest rate on the Bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated securities portfolio decreasing to 
13.6% in 2019 and the average interest rate on the Bank’s foreign currency-denominated securities portfolio decreasing to 
5.5% in 2019. The average balance of the Bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated securities increased by 29.9% to TL 71.2 billion 
in 2019, which was primarily due to the Bank’s asset and liability management strategy. The average balance of the Bank’s 
foreign currency-denominated securities portfolio increased by 47.7% to TL 41.7 billion in 2019, which was significantly 
impacted by the depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar and euro. 
Interest income from marketable securities increased by 39.5% to TL 16.7 billion in 2020, which change was due 
primarily to the increase in the total size (in Turkish Lira terms) of the securities portfolio notwithstanding the decline in 
interest rates on Turkish Lira securities. In 2020, the average yield of the Bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated securities 
portfolio decreased by approximately 90 basis points due primarily to the lower interest rate environment, particularly before 
the Central Bank commenced increasing policy rates in the second half of 2020. The average interest rate on the Bank’s 
securities portfolio decreased to 9.4% in 2020, with the average interest rate on the Bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated 
securities portfolio decreasing to 12.7% in 2020 and the average interest rate on the Bank’s foreign currency-denominated 
securities portfolio decreasing to 5.2% in 2020. The average balance of the Bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated securities 
increased by 39.0% to TL 98.9 billion in 2020, which was primarily due to the Bank’s asset and liability management 
strategy. The average balance of the Bank’s foreign currency-denominated securities portfolio increased by 89.8% to TL 41.7 
billion in 2020, which was significantly impacted by the depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar and euro.

--- Page 94 ---
75 
Interest Expense. The Group’s interest expense consists of interest expense on deposits, borrowings, money market 
borrowings and securities issued (net), as well as other interest expense. Interest expense is a function of both the volume of 
interest-bearing liabilities and the interest rates that the Group pays on these liabilities. 
The Bank’s deposits are the largest portion of its total liabilities, representing 70.6%, 77.2% and 74.2% of the 
Bank’s total liabilities as of 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. As noted above, the interest rates the Bank pays 
on its deposits typically have the largest impact on its total interest expense. For information on the average interest rates paid 
by the Bank on its interest-bearing liabilities during these years, see “Selected Statistical and Other Information - Distribution 
of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential - Average Balance Sheet and Interest 
Data.” 
The Bank’s interest expense in 2019 increased by 29.4% to TL 40.3 billion in 2019, which primarily reflected a high 
pace of growth in both Turkish Lira and foreign currency deposits. In 2020, the Bank’s total interest expense declined by 
13.5% to TL 34.9 billion, which change was principally due to a 18.5% decrease in interest expense on deposits and money 
market transactions as a result of the Central Bank’s rate cuts starting in July 2019 (and continuing until the increases starting 
in September 2020) as described above. This decline occurred notwithstanding that the Bank’s total deposits (including bank 
deposits) increased by 40.8% in 2020 as a result of a significant increase in both demand and term deposits. See “Financial 
Condition - Liabilities” below. 
The following table sets out the components of the Bank’s interest expense for the periods indicated: 
Change 
2018 
2019 
2020
2019/18 
2020/19 
(TL thousands) 
(%) 
Interest expense on deposits ........................................... 
19,674,540 
27,989,002 
22,812,078 
42.3 
(18.5) 
Interest expense on funds borrowed ............................... 
1,429,422 
1,672,114 
1,191,042 
17.0 
(28.8) 
Interest expense on money market transactions .............. 
8,793,448 
8,927,479 
5,728,076 
1.5 
(35.8) 
Interest expense on securities issued(1) ............................ 
1,087,134 
1,366,368 
1,595,972 
25.7 
16.8 
Other interest expense ..................................................... 
153,452 
335,314 
3,534,360 
118.5 
954.0 
Total interest expense ............................................ 
31,137,996 
40,290,277 
34,861,528 
29.4 
(13.5) 
(1) 
For 2019 and 2020, includes interest expense on the additional tier 1 notes issued by the Bank in 2019. 
Interest expense on deposits. Interest expense on deposits increased by 42.3% to TL 28.0 billion in 2019, which was 
due primarily to a pace of growth in deposits that exceeded the previous year’s growth. The average interest rate on the 
Bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated deposits increased to 16.3% in 2019, while the average interest rate on the Bank’s foreign 
currency-denominated deposits decreased to 1.8% in 2019. The average balance of the Bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated 
deposits increased by 23.7% to TL 158.0 billion in 2019, whereas the average balance of the Bank’s foreign currency-
denominated deposits increased by 35.0% to TL 125.7 billion in 2019. 
Interest expense on deposits decreased by 18.5% to TL 22.8 billion in 2020, which was due primarily to the lower 
interest rate environment, particularly during the first half of the year. The average interest rate on the Bank’s Turkish Lira-
denominated deposits decreased to 10.3% in 2020, while the average interest rate on the Bank’s foreign currency-
denominated deposits decreased to 0.9% in 2020. The average balance of the Bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated deposits 
increased by 30.7% to TL 206.5 billion in 2020, whereas the average balance of the Bank’s foreign currency-denominated 
deposits increased by 36.0% to TL 170.9 billion in 2020. 
For additional information with respect to the Bank’s interest expense, including with respect to the size of and yield 
paid 
on Turkish 
Lira- and 
foreign 
currency-denominated liabilities, see “Selected 
Statistical 
and Other 
Information - Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential - Average 
Balance Sheet and Interest Data” and “-Net Changes in Interest Income and Expense - Volume and Rate Analysis.” In 
addition, certain information on the interest rates paid by the Bank on its interest-bearing liabilities can be found in “Selected 
Statistical and Other Information - Funds Borrowed and Certain Other Liabilities” below.

--- Page 95 ---
76 
Net Fees and Commissions Income
Net fees and commissions income are the difference between the Bank’s fees and commission income and its fees 
and commission expenses. Net fees and commissions income is the second largest source of income for the Bank. The Bank 
earns fees and commission income on both capital-intensive products (such as origination fees on cash loans and fees for 
credit cards, letters of credit and guarantees) and non-capital-intensive products (such as payroll accounts and financial 
intermediation services). 
Commission income from banking, agency and intermediary services is recognised as income on the date collected. 
Commission income from retail, corporate and SME loans is recognised on an accrual basis by using the internal rate of 
return method and transferred to the income statement in accordance with the matching principle. Other fees and 
commissions expenses are recorded as an expense on the date they are paid. 
In 2019, the Bank’s net fees and commissions income increased by 36.1% to TL 3,590 million, which was primarily 
due to increase of income from banking services as credit cards, money transfers and insurance. In 2020, the Bank’s net fees 
and commissions income decreased by 13.8% from 2019 primarily due to a decline in fees and commissions from credit 
cards as a result of recent regulatory limitations on certain fees and commissions. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to 
Turkey – Turkish Regulatory and Other Matters – Banking Regulatory Matters.” 
The following table sets out the components of the Bank’s fees and commissions income and expenses for the 
periods indicated: 
Change 
2018 
2019 
2020
2019/18 
2020/19 
(TL thousands) 
(%) 
Non-cash loans......................................................... 
668,217 
900,911 
969,668 
34.8 
7.6 
Other ........................................................................ 
2,889,570 
4,807,111 
3,846,960 
66.4 
(20.0) 
Fees and commissions received......................
3,557,787 
5,708,022 
4,816,628 
60.4 
(15.6) 
Non-cash loans......................................................... 
949 
1,463 
971 
54.2 
(33.6) 
Other ........................................................................ 
919,044 
2,116,788 
1,722,922 
130.3 
(18.6) 
Fees and commissions paid............................
919,993 
2,118,251 
1,723,893 
130.2 
(18.6) 
Net fees and commissions income..................
2,637,794 
3,589,771 
3,092,735 
36.1 
(13.8) 
Dividend Income 
Dividend income consists of dividends from trading financial assets, financial assets measured at fair value through 
profit or loss and available-for-sale assets, as well as other dividend income (which reflects the Group’s dividend income 
from equity investments, subsidiaries, associates and entities under common control). Dividend income increased by 5.6% to 
TL 1,119 million in 2020 from TL 1,060 million in 2019, which itself was an increase by 264.5% from TL 290.9 million in 
2018. These increases were primarily due to an increase in dividend income from equity investments and subsidiaries. 
Trading Profit/loss (Net) 
Trading profit/loss (net) principally reflects the Group’s profit or loss from capital markets operations, and also 
includes profit or loss from derivative financial transactions and foreign exchange. The Bank’s trading profit/loss (net) in 
2020 was a loss of TL 7,743 million, representing a 0.9% decrease from a TL 7,817 million loss in 2019, which was itself a 
103.9% increase from a TL 3,834 million loss in 2018. These changes were due primarily to foreign exchange losses because 
of the depreciation of the Turkish Lira and greater usage of Turkish Lira foreign currency swaps as a result of the significant 
decline in demand for foreign currency-denominated loans and increase in excess foreign currency funding, which exceeded 
capital markets gains. 
The Group’s foreign exchange gains/losses include both realised and unrealised gains/losses. The realised 
gains/losses result from the settlement of foreign exchange transactions and derivative transactions, whereas unrealised 
gains/losses arise from the Group’s foreign currency positions. The unrealised gains/losses consist of two parts: unrealised 
gains/losses on the balance sheet position and unrealised gains/losses on the off-balance sheet position. The foreign exchange

--- Page 96 ---
77 
gains/losses arising from the settlement of foreign exchange transactions and the unrealised gains/losses from the balance 
sheet foreign currency position are included under the line item “Foreign exchange losses, net” whereas both the realised and 
unrealised gains/losses on off-balance sheet transactions and positions (which principally result from derivative transactions) 
are recorded under “Net trading loss from derivative financial instruments.” Therefore, although the Group did not hold any 
material foreign exchange net open positions in 2018, 2019 or 2020 (considering both on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet 
positions), “Profit/loss from foreign exchanges” varied between these periods depending upon the balance sheet and off-
balance sheet positions in gross terms. 
Other Operating Income 
Other operating income principally consists of reversals of prior period provisions, and also includes other income 
items such as income from fixed asset sales, mutual fund management fees, dividend surplus reversals and severance 
provision reversals. Other operating income increased by 221.1% to TL 5,182 million in 2020 from TL 1,614 million in 
2019, which was itself an increase by 12.6% from TL 1,434 million in 2018. The change in 2019 was primarily due to 
income from property sales and rental income whereas the increase in 2020 primarily reflects the reversal of provisions taken 
in previous periods. 
Expected Credit Losses
The Bank recognises provisions for impairment by applying the expected credit loss (the “ECL”) model under 
TFRS 9 according to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation. The ECL model is applied to financial assets 
measured at amortised cost or financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (e.g., placements, 
loans and leasing receivables), loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts. The forward-looking ECL approach 
forms an impairment model that has three stages based upon the change in credit quality since initial recognition. The ECLs 
are measured as an allowance equal to either 12-month ECL for Stage 1 assets or lifetime ECL for Stage 2 (significant 
increase in credit risk) or Stage 3 (credit-impaired) assets. An asset moves from Stage 1 to Stage 2 when its credit risk 
increases significantly since initial recognition. See Section Three of the Bank’s 2020 BRSA Annual Financial Statements.
As noted above, the Bank recognises provisions for impairment by applying the ECL model under TFRS 9 
according to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation. The following table sets out the Bank’s expected credit 
losses by category during each of the indicated years: 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands) 
Expected credit losses.................................................................................................. 
4,701,631 
6,313,395 
10,690,951 
12 month ECL (Stage 1) ........................................................................................ 
477,388 
594,391 
1,339,654 
Significant increase in credit risk (Stage 2) .......................................................... 
2,081,162 
1,298,404 
5,505,372 
Non-performing loans (Stage 3) ........................................................................... 
2,143,081 
4,420,600 
3,845,925 
Marketable securities impairment expense .................................................................. 
994 
767 
49 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss ............................. 
— 
— 
— 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income .... 
994 
767 
49 
Other(1) ......................................................................................................................... 
16,062 
110,999 
2,648,348 
Total ..................................................................................................................... 
4,718,687 
6,425,161 
13,339,348 
(1) Includes free provision expenses.
The increase in the “Other” line item in the above table in 2020 as compared to 2019 was principally due to free provisions 
amounting to TL 2,630 million that were reserved by the Bank in 2020. For additional information on the Bank’s NPLs and 
related 
provisions, 
see “Management’s 
Discussion 
and Analysis 
of 
Financial Condition and 
Results 
of 
Operations - Significant Factors Affecting the Group’s Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Turkish 
Economy - Impact on Asset Quality” and Section Three - note VIII to the Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of 
and for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The Bank had Stage 3 provisions of TL 5,348 million as of 31 December 2018, increasing to TL 8,264 million as of 
31 December 2019 and further increasing to TL 10,264 million as of 31 December 2020. These increases were primarily due

--- Page 97 ---
78 
to increased NPL formation and the aging of the loan portfolio. In March 2020, the BRSA (as part of the measures taken 
against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic) implemented temporary rules (initially effective until 31 December 2020 
and then extended to 30 June 2021) extending the periods that must pass before a loan passes from Group I to Group II or 
becomes an NPL. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment - Expected Credit Losses.” The impact of these measures on the 
Bank’s NPL ratio as of 31 December 2020 was to reduce the Bank’s NPL ratio by approximately 50 basis points from what it 
otherwise would have been. 
The NPL ratio was 2.3% as of 31 December 2020 as compared to 2.8% as of 31 December 2019 and 2.0% as of 
31 December 2018. Without consideration of the forbearance described in the previous paragraph, the NPL ratio as of 
31 December 2020 would have been 3.0%. 
Personnel Expense 
The Bank’s personnel expense increased by 27.0% to TL 4,396.1 million in 2020 from TL 3,460.4 million in 2019, 
which itself was a 21.8% increase from TL 2,839.9 million in 2018. These increases resulted mainly from inflation, with CPI 
increasing by 14.6% in 2020 and 11.8% in 2019. As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had 24,673 employees, compared to 
24,563 employees as of 31 December 2019 and 24,647 employees as of 31 December 2018. 
Other Operating Expenses 
Other operating expenses increased by 23.6% to TL 7,695 million in 2020 from TL 6,224.8 million in 2019, which 
was a 28.3% increase from TL 4,851.9 million in 2018. The increases in 2018 and 2019 were primarily as a result of higher-
than-expected inflation and the depreciation of the Turkish Lira. 
The following table sets out the components of the Bank’s other operating expenses for the indicated years: 
Change 
2018 
2019 
2020
2019/18 
2020/19 
(TL thousands) 
(%) 
Reserve for employee termination benefits ...... 
109,075 
185,213 
279,623 
69.8 
51.0 
Depreciation expenses of tangible fixed assets . 
238,783 
407,929 
443,753 
70.8 
8.8 
Amortisation expenses of intangible assets ...... 
74,377 
91,153 
108,831 
22.6 
19.4 
Amortisation expenses of investment 
securities that will be disposed .................. 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Other operating expenses .................................. 
2,538,089 
2,823,711 
3,940,239 
11.3 
39.5 
Operational leasing expenses ............................ 
302,240 
115,491 
80,697 
(61.8) 
(30.1) 
Maintenance expenses ...................................... 
104,165 
108,394 
129,702 
4.1 
19.7 
Advertisement expenses ................................... 
200,322 
256,703 
236,339 
28.1 
(7.9) 
Other expenses .................................................. 
1,931,362 
2,343,123 
3,493,501 
21.3 
49.1 
Loss on sales of assets ...................................... 
986 
21,866 
3,489 
2,117.6 
(84.0) 
Other ................................................................. 
1,890,458 
2,694,803 
2,919,460 
4.25 
8.3 
Total..........................................................
4,851,869 
6,224,812 
7,695,395 
28.3 
23.6 
For 2018, 2019 and 2020, the “Other” line item in the above table included TL 673 million, TL 962 million and 
TL 1,353 million, respectively, in expenses for saving deposit insurance payable to the SDIF. For the same periods, it also 
included TL 661 million, TL 866 million and TL 969 million, respectively, in taxes, duties and charges. 
The Bank monitors its operating expenses to average total assets ratio, the calculation for which is as follows: 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Operating expenses (including personnel expense) ............. 
7,691,794 
9,685,235 
12,091,507 
Less net impairment losses on financial assets .................... 
(994) 
(767) 
(49) 
Total............................................................................
7,690,800 
9,684,468 
12,091,458

--- Page 98 ---
79 
Average total assets ............................................................. 
485,715,318 
593,456,159 
796,014,789 
Operating expenses to average total assets ratio.....
1.6% 
1.6% 
1.5% 
Tax Provisions for Continued Operations 
The Group is subject to different forms of income taxation in each market in which it has operations, although the 
principal driver is Turkish taxation of the Group’s taxable income. Taxation and duties other than on income are included in 
other operating expenses as noted above whereas taxation on income is applied to income before tax in order to determine the 
Group’s net income. Tax provisions for continued operations in 2020 increased by 105.9% to TL 3,009 million from 
TL 1,461 million in 2019, which itself was a decline of 29.5% from TL 2,073 million in 2018. The decrease in 2019 was 
primarily due to an increase in deferred tax income, principally resulting from the valuation of the Group’s securities 
portfolio whereas the change in 2020 was the result of current tax provisions. 
The Bank’s effective tax rate (calculated as the tax provision for continued operations, including deferred taxes, 
divided by its income before tax) was 20.7%, 19.1% and 27.8% for 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively (as compared to the 
Turkish corporate income tax rate of 20%). The Bank’s income tax payable on its corporate tax income was TL 881 million 
in 2018, TL 940 million in 2019 and TL 943 million in 2020. For more information on the Bank’s taxation, see note 10.1.1 to 
the Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Financial Condition 
The following summary balance sheet data for each of the indicated dates have been extracted from the Bank’s 
BRSA Annual Financial Statements without material adjustment and should be read in conjunction with the Bank’s BRSA 
Annual Financial Statements (including the notes therein).

--- Page 99 ---
80 
Balance Sheet Data:
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Assets:
(TL thousands) 
Financial assets (net) ........................................................................................... 
143,605,623 
172,971,288 
291,999,491 
Cash and cash equivalents........................................................................... 
46,237,845 
57,388,800 
91,037,909 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or (loss) ................ 
6,731,624 
1,897,885 
14,305,452 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ......................................................................................................... 
78,387,523 
110,886,717 
181,628,930 
Derivative financial assets ........................................................................... 
2,036,376 
2,797,886 
5,027,200 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost (net)............................................... 
381,199,749 
452,522,213 
611,589,930 
Loans ........................................................................................................... 
379,331,076 
447,982,751 
600,659,960 
Other financial assets measured at amortised cost ..................................... 
10,254,639 
17,550,083 
29,686,696 
Expected credit loss ..................................................................................... 
(8,385,966) 
(13,010,621) 
(18,756,726) 
Non-current assets or disposal groups “held for sale” and “held from 
discontinued operations” (net) ............................................................................ 
1,225,389 
4,781,720 
5,260,879 
Equity investments .............................................................................................. 
7,603,313 
7,602,451 
14,325,922 
Property and equipment (net) ............................................................................. 
5,045,202 
5,478,647 
6,748,355 
Intangible assets (net) ......................................................................................... 
609,393 
745,089 
1,002,206 
Current tax asset ................................................................................................. 
52,297 
1,683 
1,322 
Deferred tax asset ............................................................................................... 
1,545,993 
1,148,611 
247,408 
Other assets (net) ................................................................................................ 
6,522,423 
4,504,489 
11,425,751 
Total assets ................................................................................................. 
537,156,127 
649,756,191 
942,601,264 
Liabilities: 
Deposits .............................................................................................................. 
331,066,483 
447,250,973 
629,874,208 
Funds borrowed .................................................................................................. 
34,171,653 
34,528,490 
36,950,213 
Money markets borrowings ................................................................................ 
68,350,796 
49,275,410 
116,401,469 
Securities issued (net) ......................................................................................... 
15,430,468 
13,106,026 
14,354,533 
Funds .................................................................................................................. 
6,073,748 
6,066,464 
6,053,060 
Derivative financial liabilities ............................................................................. 
1,643,492 
1,658,858 
3,487,652 
Lease liabilities (net) ........................................................................................... 
221 
621,760 
821,985 
Provisions ........................................................................................................... 
2,831,561 
3,818,578 
7,058,634 
Current tax liability ............................................................................................. 
1,466,694 
1,720,587 
1,660,517 
Subordinated debt instruments ............................................................................ 
- 
9,565,957 
13,048,197 
Other liabilities ................................................................................................... 
18,719,617 
12,078,546 
19,612,536 
Total liabilities ...........................................................................................
479,754,733 
579,691,649 
849,323,004 
Shareholders’ equity: 
Paid-in capital ..................................................................................................... 
6,100,000 
6,100,000 
13,100,000 
Capital reserves ................................................................................................... 
(483) 
(571) 
(17,745) 
Accumulated other comprehensive income or expense not reclassified through 
profit or loss ........................................................................................................ 
5,712,470 
5,852,355 
9,606,163 
Accumulated other comprehensive income or expense reclassified through 
profit or loss ........................................................................................................ 
(6,429,909) 
(357,888) 
848,310 
Profit reserves ..................................................................................................... 
37,320,380 
52,110,376 
58,398,544 
Profit or (loss) ..................................................................................................... 
14,698,936 
6,360,270 
11,342,988 
Total shareholders’ equity ............................................................................... 
57,401,394 
70,064,542 
93,278,260 
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity ................................................
537,156,127 
649,756,191 
942,601,264

--- Page 100 ---
81 
The Bank calculates certain ratios in order to measure its performance and to compare it to that of its main competitors, 
including some that might be considered to the APMs (see “Presentation of Financial and Other Information - Alternative 
Performance Measures”). The following table sets out certain key performance indicators for the Bank as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December
2018 
2019 
2020
Loans (net) to total deposits ratio ...................................  
112.0% 
97.3% 
92.4% 
Loans to total assets ratio ...............................................  
69.1% 
66.9% 
61.7% 
Securities to total assets ratio(1) ......................................  
17.8% 
20.1% 
23.9% 
Deposits to total liabilities ratio .....................................  
70.6% 
77.2% 
74.2% 
NPL ratio .......................................................................  
2.0% 
2.8% 
2.3% 
Loan losses reserves to NPLs ratio ................................  
71.7% 
65.1% 
73.9% 
Cost of risk .....................................................................  
1.1% 
1.3% 
1.3% 
(1) Securities are composed of “financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss,” “financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income” and “financial assets measured at amortised cost.” 
The calculation of the Bank’s cost or risk for the indicated years is as follows: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Specific Provisions for Loans and Other Receivables ....  
- 
- 
- 
General Provision Expenses ...........................................  
4,701,631 
6,313,395 
10,690,951 
Provision reversals (-) .....................................................  
(949,392) 
(971,605) 
(4,280,768) 
Total impairment charge for the period ...............  
3,752,239 
5,341,790 
6,410,183 
Average loans and receivables ..................................... 
334,602,263 
399,229,438 
508,437,682 
Cost of risk..............................................................
1.1% 
1.3% 
1.3% 
The following summarises the Bank’s assets, liabilities and shareholders’ equity as extracted from its BRSA Annual 
Financial Statements without any material adjustment. 
Assets 
The Bank’s total assets were TL 942.6 billion as of 31 December 2020, a 45.1% increase from TL 649.8 billion as of 
31 December 2019, which was itself an increase of 21.0% from TL 537.2 billion as of 31 December 2018. The increases in 
each period primarily reflect an increase in the Bank’s loan book, which is described in further detail below. Cash and cash 
equivalent balances represented 8.6%, 8.8% and 9.7% of the Bank’s total assets as of 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020, 
respectively, as most of the Bank’s funds are invested in interest-earning assets. The following describes the Bank’s loans 
(nets) and investment securities, which jointly represented 85.6%, 86.7% and 85.5% of the Bank’s total assets as of 
31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. 
Loans (net)
Loans (net) have historically comprised the largest portion of the Bank’s total assets. As of 31 December 2018, 2019 
and 2020, the Bank’s loan to total assets ratio was 69.1%, 66.9% and 61.7%, respectively. The Bank’s loans (net) increased 
by 33.8% to TL 581.9 billion as of 31 December 2020 from loans and receivables of TL 435.0 billion as of 31 December 
2019, which itself was a 17.3% increase from TL 370.9 billion as of 31 December 2018. The increase in 2019 was primarily 
as a result of the increase in SME and retail loan, particularly general purpose loans whereas the increase in 2020 was 
primarily attributable to an increase in the growth in retail loans and SME loans.

--- Page 101 ---
82 
The following table sets out the components of the Bank’s loans and receivables as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020
(TL thousands) 
Short term loans:
Non-specialised loans .......................................................................... 
63,563,099 
73,419,788 
76,572,384 
Specialised loans.................................................................................. 
11,580,090 
15,354,617 
18,359,300 
Medium and long term loans:
Non-specialised loans .......................................................................... 
246,048,410 
293,858,732 
424,853,595 
Specialised loans.................................................................................. 
50,679,728 
52,659,127 
66,979,562 
Total performing loans (net)...............................................................
371,871,327 
435,292,264 
586,764,841 
Non-performing loans (net) and allowance for impairment:
Gross non-performing loans ....................................................................... 
7,459,749 
12,690,487 
13,895,119 
Specific allowance for impairment on loans ............................................... 
(5,347,819) 
(8,264,044) 
(10,264,236) 
12 month expected credit losses (Stage 1) .................................................. 
(855,496) 
(1,346,524) 
(2,526,931) 
12 month expected credit losses (Stage 2) .................................................. 
(2,181,267) 
(3,397,684) 
(5,961,551) 
Net loans ............................................................................................. 
370,946,494 
434,974,499 
581,907,242 
For additional information on the Bank’s loan portfolio, including its NPLs and related provisions, see note VIII-3 to 
the Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 and “Selected Statistical and 
Other Information - Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential - 
Average Balance Sheet and Interest Data” and “-Loan Portfolio - Types of Loans,” “-Loan Portfolio - Risk Elements” and 
“-Summary of Loan Loss Experience.” 
Investment Securities 
Securities, principally Turkish government securities, have historically represented a significant portion of the 
Bank’s assets. As of 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020, investment securities held in the “financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income” and “other financial assets measured at amortised cost” categories represented 
16.5%, 19.8% and 22.4%, respectively, of the Bank’s total assets. In 2019, the 44.9% increase was due largely to the Bank’s 
purchase of a special tranche of euro-denominated securities issued by the Turkish Treasury relating to the Bank’s issuance 
of additional tier 1 debt and the purchase of additional securities from the primary and secondary markets due to the Bank’s 
strategy to seek the higher yields offered by certain securities. In 2020, the 64.5% increase was primarily the result of the 
Bank’s purchase of securities in the primary market in excess of the amount of redemptions during the period. 
Securities issued by the Turkish Treasury represented 99.0%, 98.9% and 99.2% of the Bank’s securities portfolio 
(excluding trading securities) as of 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. 
Pursuant to Turkish market practice, the Bank pledges securities to acquire funding under security repurchase 
agreements. The Bank utilises such funding depending upon the difference in rates paid on deposits compared to Central 
Bank rates, which vary based upon market conditions as well as Central Bank policy. The fair value of securities so pledged 
amounted to TL 30.2 billion as of 31 December 2018, TL 54.7 billion as of 31 December 2019 and TL 57.2 billion as of 
31 December 2020, comprising 31.6%, 42.0% and 25.4%, respectively, of the Bank’s total securities portfolio (including 
trading securities). 
For additional information on the Bank’s investment securities portfolio, see notes I.2, I.5 and I.8 to the Bank’s 
BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 and “Selected Statistical and Other 
Information - Investment Portfolio.” 
Liabilities 
The Bank’s total liabilities amounted to TL 849.3 billion as of 31 December 2020, which was an increase of 46.5% 
from TL 579.7 billion as of 31 December 2019, which itself was an increase of 20.8% to TL 479.8 billion as of 31 December

--- Page 102 ---
83 
2018. The increases in total liabilities primarily reflected the increase in deposits. The following table sets forth the allocation 
of the Bank’s liabilities as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020
Time deposits from customers............................. 
51.4% 
51.1% 
48.2% 
Turkish Lira-denominated ............................ 
29.3% 
29.0% 
25.7% 
Foreign currency-denominated .................... 
22.2% 
22.1% 
22.5% 
Demand deposits from customers ....................... 
19.0% 
20.8% 
23.6% 
Turkish Lira-denominated ............................ 
9.9% 
10.2% 
9.1% 
Foreign currency-denominated .................... 
9.1% 
10.7% 
14.6% 
Deposits from banks ............................................ 
5.9% 
5.4% 
4.1% 
Obligations under repurchase agreements ........... 
6.0% 
8.1% 
5.6% 
Loans (net) from banks........................................ 
7.9% 
6.0% 
4.5% 
Money market borrowings .................................. 
9.8% 
8.5% 
14.0% 
Total ..............................................................
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
The following summarises the two principal categories of the Bank’s liabilities - deposits and money markets 
borrowings. See also “Selected Statistical and Other Information - Funds Borrowed and Certain Other Obligations.” 
Deposits 
Historically, the Bank’s primary source of funding has been, and is expected to continue to be, short-term deposits 
(including both short-term time deposits and demand deposits) from customers. See “Risk Management - Management of 
Specific Risks - Liquidity Risk.” The Bank’s deposits increased by 40.8% to TL 629.9 billion as of 31 December 2020 from 
TL 447.3 billion as of 31 December 2019, which itself had increased by 35.1% from TL 331.1 billion as of 31 December 
2018. As of such dates, deposits represented 74.2%, 77.2% and 70.6%, respectively, of the Bank’s total liabilities. Also as of 
such dates, deposits from customers only (defined as “other deposits” in the BRSA Annual Financial Statements) were 
TL 595.9 billion, TL 415.8 billion and TL 305.4 billion, respectively, representing 70.2%, 71.7% and 63.7% of the Bank’s 
total liabilities for the respective dates. The increase in 2019 was principally reflected an increase in foreign currency 
deposits, including as a result of the depreciation of the Turkish Lira and customers’ preference to hold U.S. dollar and euro 
deposits, whereas the increase in 2020 principally reflected a 27.3% increase in Turkish Lira deposits (largely driven by retail 
and SME clients) and a 56.7% increase in foreign currency-denominated deposits as a result of the volatility in the value of 
the Turkish Lira and the resulting increased “dollarisation” of the Turkish economy. 
As of 31 December 2020, demand deposits from customers were TL 196.1 billion, representing 31.1% of the Bank’s 
total deposits (TL 120.5 billion and 26.9%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019 and TL 82.2 billion and 24.8%, 
respectively, as of 31 December 2018), whereas time deposits from customers were TL 399.8 billion, representing 63.5% of 
total deposits (TL 319.7 billion and 71.5%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019 and TL 223.1 billion and 67.4%, 
respectively, as of 31 December 2018). Turkish Lira-denominated deposits represented 48.7% of total deposits as of 
31 December 2020 (53.9% and 53.8% as of 31 December 2019 and 2018, respectively). 
For additional information on the Bank’s deposits, see note 1.1 to the Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as 
of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 and “Selected Statistical and Other Information - Deposits.” 
Money Markets Borrowings 
The Bank’s money markets borrowings increased by 136.2% to TL 116.4 billion as of 31 December 2020 from 
TL 49.3 billion as of 31 December 2019, which itself had decreased by 27.9% from TL 68.4 billion as of 31 December 2018. 
As of such dates, money markets borrowings represented 13.7%, 8.5% and 14.2%, respectively, of the Bank’s total liabilities. 
Money markets borrowings principally comprise funds provided under repurchase agreements and borrowing from the 
interbank money markets at the Central Bank.

--- Page 103 ---
84 
The Bank uses repurchase agreements as an important funding source to manage liquidity in the short-term, and the 
outstanding balances of such transactions on the Bank’s balance sheet change depending upon the relative costs of funding in 
the market. The Bank generally uses local currency money market borrowings, including bank deposits, repo transactions and 
currency swap transactions depending on the Central Bank’s liquidity policy, for short-term funding transactions. The Bank 
regularly revises its strategy for short-term Turkish Lira funding, based upon changing market conditions and its strategy of 
diversifying and increasing the tenor of its funding base. Money market funding transactions in foreign currency usually have 
longer maturities compared to funding in local currency. The Bank also uses currency swaps in order to generate liquidity in 
different currencies and to manage any excess foreign currency-denominated liquidity resulting from market conditions. For 
instance, these currency swaps were used in 2018, 2019 and 2020 due to high demand for foreign currency deposits and 
Turkish Lira-denominated loans. 
In 2018, the composition of money market funds changed as a result of the varying monetary policy of the Central 
Bank. On 28 May 2018, effective from 1 June 2018, the Central Bank simplified its monetary policy and set the one-week 
repo rate to the then-current rate of 16.5% and decided that the overnight borrowing and lending rates would be determined at 
150 basis points below and above the one-week repo rate, respectively. On 13 August 2018, as one of the measures 
introduced to address the depreciation of the Turkish Lira against major currencies and to increase the effective funding rate, 
weekly repo auctions were suspended. During the ensuing period, the Central Bank provided liquidity through the Borsa 
İstanbul repo-reverse market and its overnight lending rate in this period. On 14 September 2018, the Central Bank delivered 
a 625 basis points rate hike and restarted weekly repo auctions. The Central Bank has since been providing Turkish Lira 
liquidity primarily through weekly repo auctions and the Borsa İstanbul BIST repo-reverse. The Central Bank, considering 
developments in financial markets, decided to suspend the one-week repo auctions starting on 22 March 2019 but then 
recommenced the auctions on 9 May 2019. On 17 June 2019, Central Bank decided to extend a liquidity facility to primary 
dealer banks with an interest rate 100 basis points below the Central Bank’s policy interest rate to support market functioning 
and monetary policy effectiveness. On 2 October 2019, the Central Bank commenced a gold/foreign exchange swap market 
in order to improve the flexibility of Turkish banks` liquidity management practices. In addition, to support financial stability 
and the real loan growth-linked reserve requirement practice, the Central Bank decided on 28 December 2019 to increase the 
reserve requirement ratios for foreign exchange deposits/participation funds by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets, but 
applying a 200 basis point reduction for banks that attain certain Turkish Lira real loan growth conditions. 
During 2020, the increase was principally the result of the Bank’s funding and liquidity preferences as well as 
alternative funding costs. 
Fluctuations and overall decrease in the Central Bank interbank overnight lending rate and the Central Bank’s repo 
rate generally have the effect of decreasing the Bank’s short-term funding costs while an increase in these rates might have 
short-term negative effects, such as increasing the Bank’s short-term funding costs and depressing the net interest margin. 
For additional information on the Bank’s obligations under repurchase agreements, see “Selected Statistical and Other 
Information - Funds Borrowed and Certain Other Liabilities - Obligations under Repurchase Agreements.” 
Shareholders’ Equity 
The Bank’s shareholders’ equity increased by 33.1% to TL 93.3 billion as of 31 December 2020 from TL 70.1 
billion as of 31 December 2019, which itself was an increase of 22.1% from TL 57.4 billion as of 31 December 2018. These 
increases were due to the profits generated during such period and retained earnings and: (a) in 2019, positive mark-to-market 
valuations of the portfolio of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income as a result of the 
decreasing interest rate environment in the second half of the year and (b) in 2020, the 20 May 2020 investment of TL 7.0 
billion by the Turkey Wealth Fund as noted in “General Description of the Programme - The Group.” The positive impact of 
this capital injection on the Bank’s total capital adequacy ratios was 106 basis points as of 31 December 2020. 
On 13 August 2018, the Bank’s General Assembly approved the increase of the Bank’s paid-up share capital from 
TL 5,600 million to TL 6,100 million, which increase was funded from the Turkish Treasury. The cash fund attained from 
this second capital increase was used to fund the Bank’s capital commitment to the participation bank that is a subsidiary of 
the Bank. Increasing shareholders’ equity and its capital adequacy ratios is one of the Bank’s financial management goals. On 
24 April 2019, the Bank issued to a sub-fund of the Turkey Wealth Fund €1,400,000,000 of perpetual fixed rate resettable 
additional tier 1 notes under the Programme. The Bank’s General Assembly meeting for 2020 was held on 26 March 2021, 
during which meeting it was decided that no dividend payments would be made from the net profits of the year and, 
following legal deductions, the entire amount (i.e., TL 7.4 billion) would be transferred to extraordinary reserves.

--- Page 104 ---
85 
For additional information on the Bank’s shareholders’ equity and minority interest, see Section 4.1 in the Bank’s 
BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020. In addition, see “Capital Adequacy” 
below. 
Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Contingencies 
In the normal course of business in order to meet the needs of its customers and to hedge the Group’s own positions 
(and generally not for speculative purposes), the Group enters into certain off-balance sheet transactions. These transactions 
expose the Group to credit risk that is not reflected on the Group’s balance sheet. The Group applies to these transactions the 
same credit policies in making commitments and assuming conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet 
transactions, including the requirement to obtain collateral when it is considered necessary. 
The Bank generates significant amounts of fees from these transactions while incurring a very small amount of 
credit losses thereon as almost all of these transactions expire without any need for payment by the Bank (for example, a 
letter of credit expiring when the related buyer of goods makes its payment to the seller). Since many of the commitments are 
expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. 
The most significant category of such transactions includes letters of guarantee, letters of credit, bank acceptances 
and other support that the Bank provides to its import and export customers, as well as off-balance sheet exposure for the 
Bank’s commitments to make loans to its borrowers, derivatives and other transactions. For detailed information on the 
Bank’s off-balance sheet commitments and contingencies, see Section Five - note III to the Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial 
Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020. The following table summarises the Bank’s commitments and 
contingencies as of the indicated dates, other than derivative financial liabilities, which are discussed below: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019
2020
(TL thousands) 
Guarantee letters .................................... 
94,754,340 
91,260,564 
110,741,419 
Bank acceptances ................................... 
8,312,973 
8,202,251 
7,202,148 
Letters of credit ...................................... 
17,915,615 
19,392,291 
23,274,697 
Total non-cash loans .....................
120,982,928 
118,855,106 
141,218,264 
Other commitments ............................... 
32,520,856 
42,975,085 
54,177,625 
Credit card limit commitments .............. 
13,341,463 
24,220,013 
44,590,857 
Total ............................................... 
166,845,247 
186,050,204 
239,986,746
The Bank’s total commitments and contingencies including derivative transactions increased by 36.2% to TL 600.0 
billion as of 31 December 2020 from TL 440.4 billion as of 31 December 2019, which itself increased by 43.2% from 
TL 307.5 billion as of 31 December 2018. These increases principally reflect the increase in foreign trade-related guarantee 
letters and also trading transactions and derivative transactions. Since 2004, the Bank has utilised transactions with derivative 
instruments, including interest rate swaps and currency swaps for hedging purposes. Derivative financial instruments are 
initially recognised at fair value on the date when a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at fair 
value. Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value on derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are 
recognised in the income statement. All derivatives are carried as assets when fair value is positive and as liabilities when fair 
value is negative. As of 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of derivative financial assets was TL 5,027 million and the 
carrying amount of derivative financial liabilities was TL 3,488 million (TL 2,798 million and TL 1,659 million, respectively, 
as of 31 December 2019 and TL 2,036 million and TL 1,643 million, respectively, as of 31 December 2018). The Bank does 
not engage in derivative transactions for speculative purposes. 
Governments in the United States, Europe and elsewhere have made or are expected to make changes in laws 
relating to derivatives transactions, including how they settle. The Bank’s management does not anticipate that such changes 
will have a material adverse effect on its ability to obtain reasonably-priced hedges for its currency, interest rate and other 
risks; however, the volatility in the markets in recent years has made certain derivatives more expensive than in previous 
years and such increased costs might make the Group’s hedging operations less cost-effective.

--- Page 105 ---
86 
Capital Adequacy 
Both the Bank and the Group are required to comply with capital adequacy guidelines promulgated by the BRSA, 
which are based upon the standards established by the Bank of International Settlements. These guidelines require banks to 
maintain adequate levels of regulatory capital against risk-bearing assets and off-balance sheet exposures. 
Both the Bank and the Group maintain regulatory capital adequacy ratios in excess of the regulatory minimums 
required and recommended levels. The Bank’s total capital adequacy ratio (computed in accordance with the “Regulations on 
Measurement and Assessment of Capital Adequacy of Banks” issued by the BRSA) was 18.2% as of 31 December 2020, 
17.02% as of 31 December 2019 and 14.82% as of 31 December 2018. The increase in the Bank’s capital adequacy ratio in 
2019 was primarily due to the Bank’s April 2019 issuance of additional tier 1 capital notes, profit generation and the lower 
interest rate environment (which more than offset weaker asset quality), whereas the change in 2020 was primarily due to 
internal capital generation, the positive impact of the BRSA’s temporary regulatory forbearance measures allowing banks to 
use (in their financial statements for 31 December 2020) the foreign exchange rates that were used in their 2019 year-end 
financial statements while calculating risk-weighted assets and disregarding mark-to-market losses on securities portfolios 
and the 20 May 2020 investment of TL 7.0 billion by the Turkey Wealth Fund as noted in “General Description of the 
Programme - The Group.” 
The following table sets forth the calculation of the Bank’s capital adequacy ratios as of each of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Capital:
Total Tier 1 capital .............................  
56,752,366 
78,545,869 
104,927,269 
Tier 2 capital .......................................  
4,258,026 
5,185,668 
6,675,614 
Shareholders’ equity adjustments .......  
1,871 
95,359 
19,841 
Total regulatory capital.............
61,008,521 
83,636,178 
111,583,042 
Value at credit risk ..............................  
368,219,759 
428,652,114 
534,049,151 
Value at market risk ............................  
14,176,551 
27,461,275 
38,928,246 
Value at operational risk .....................  
29,418,691 
35,291,329 
39,441,393 
Total risk-weighted assets .........
411,815,001 
491,404,718 
612,418,790   
Capital Adequacy Ratios:
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio ........  
13.8% 
16.0% 
17.1% 
Total capital adequacy ratio .........  
14.8% 
17.0% 
18.2% 
In accordance with the Capital Adequacy Regulation, the “Regulation on Capital of Banks” and the “Regulation on 
Measurement and Evaluation of Leverage Level of Banks” issued by the BRSA, the Bank calculates its capital adequacy ratio 
and leverage ratio under Basel III regulations. 
The common equity tier 1 ratios for all three years reflect: (a) a 0% risk weight to foreign exchange reserves 
required to be held with the Central Bank, (b) the 0% risk weight provided to the guaranteed portion of the loans guaranteed 
by the KGF (as further described under “Turkish Regulatory Environment - Credit Guarantee Fund”) as such guarantee limits 
the credit risk and (c) the 0% risk weight provided under Basel III to Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the 
Turkish government. The Bank also applies a 50% risk for foreign currency-denominated securities issued by the Turkish 
Treasury, which risk weight is determined according to the foreign currency rating of the Turkish Treasury. 
On 24 April 2019, the Bank issued to a sub-fund of the Turkey Wealth Fund €1,400,000,000 of perpetual fixed rate 
resettable additional tier 1 notes under the Programme. The positive impact of this issuance on the Bank’s total capital 
adequacy ratios was approximately 206 basis points as of 31 December 2020 (203 basis points as of 31 December 2019). 
The Capital Adequacy Regulation allows the Bank to use ratings of eligible credit assessment institutions, including, 
as of 12 January 2017, International Islamic Rating Agency (“IIRA”) while calculating the risk-weighted assets for capital 
adequacy purposes. The Bank currently uses both Fitch and IIRA ratings to calculate its capital adequacy ratio depending 
upon the type of asset class.

--- Page 106 ---
87 
In the mid-term, the Bank plans to use the Internal Ratings Based (“IRB”) approach for both its risk and capital 
adequacy calculations. In 2016, the Bank commenced a study to establish a statistical model infrastructure and planned to 
start using IRB for its risk-weighting calculations once the data was sufficiently mature and the necessary models had been 
designed. During the IRB project studies, which were carried out with a third-party, the Bank completed its construction of a 
Basel data warehouse at the end of 2018, at which point (as a result of the completion of a behavioural data framework), the 
modelling of the probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and exposure at default (EAD) risk parameters were 
finalised in the second half of 2020. A project to validate the IRB models (the PD, EAD and LGD models) started in the 
second half of 2020 and is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2021. 
 The minimum capital adequacy ratio for the Bank as required by the BRSA is 8% as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. This ratio measures capital adequacy by comparing the Bank’s eligible capital with its balance sheet assets, off-
balance sheet commitments and market and other risk positions at weighted amounts to reflect their relative risk. The target 
capital adequacy ratio as required by the BRSA is currently 12%; however, this 12% level is a condition that banks must 
satisfy in order to open new branches, and therefore the Bank effectively views this recommended ratio as a required ratio. 
Liquidity and Funding 
The Group manages its assets and liabilities to seek to ensure that it has sufficient liquidity to meet its present and 
future financial obligations and that it is able to take advantage of appropriate business opportunities as they arise. Liquidity 
risk represents the potential for loss as a result of limitations on the Group’s ability to adjust future cash flows to meet the 
needs of depositors and borrowers and to fund operations on a timely and cost-effective basis. Financial obligations arise 
from withdrawals of deposits, repurchase transactions, extensions of loans or other forms of credit and the Group’s own 
working capital needs. 
The ability to maintain or replace interest-bearing deposits is a key factor in determining liquidity requirements, as 
well as the exposure to interest and exchange rate risks. The Group’s principal sources of funding are short-term and demand 
deposits and the Group has developed a diversified and stable deposit base in each of its retail, commercial, corporate and 
SME business lines. The Bank’s management believes that funds from the Group’s deposit-taking operations generally will 
continue to meet its liquidity needs for the foreseeable future; however, maturities of large borrowings or securities offerings 
do from time to time require the Group to have sufficient liquidity on hand, which does require the Group to closely monitor 
market conditions for potential opportunities to obtain replacement financing on a cost-effective basis. As of 31 December 
2018, 2019 and 2020, the Bank’s loans (net) to total deposits ratio was 112.0%, 97.3% and 92.4%, respectively. The change 
in 2019 resulted from much higher growth in deposits than in loans whereas the change in 2020 was due primarily to the 
increase in the Bank’s loan portfolio as a result of additional lending resulting from the government’s economic support 
package being exceeded by the growth in customer deposits. For additional information on deposits, see “Selected Statistical 
and Other Information - Deposits.” 
To a lesser extent, the Group also funds its operations through short-term and long-term borrowings and other 
transactions. The Bank uses the relationships that it develops with its correspondent banks in connection with international 
payment and trade-related finance activities to raise funds from the syndicated loan markets. See “Selected Statistical and 
Other Information - Funds Borrowed and Certain Other Liabilities.” 
The Bank is subject to the BRSA’s regulations on the measurement of the liquidity adequacy of a bank. The 
Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios was published in order to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level of 
unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets that can be converted into cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day 
period. According to this regulation, the liquidity coverage ratio of banks is not permitted to fall below 100% on an aggregate 
basis and 80% on a foreign currency-only basis; however, pursuant to the BRSA decision dated 26 December 2014 
(No. 6143) (the “BRSA Decision on Liquidity Ratios”), for a period starting from 5 January 2015 and ending on 31 December 
2015, such ratios were applied as 60% and 40%, respectively. Furthermore, pursuant to the BRSA Decision on Liquidity 
Ratios, such ratios were increased by increments of ten percentage points for each year from 1 January 2016 until 1 January 
2019. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment - Capital Adequacy.” The Bank’s liquidity ratios (calculated as the average of 
the weekly ratio during the last three months of the year) during the indicated years are shown below: 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Total liquidity coverage ratio .............................. 
77.71% 
133.80% 
138.12% 
FX liquidity coverage ratio .................................. 
111.24% 
494.10% 
397.39%

--- Page 107 ---
88 
In addition to the liquidity ratios described above, the Bank is also required to maintain deposits with the Central 
Bank against a minimum reserve requirement. These reserve deposits are calculated on the basis of Turkish Lira and foreign 
currency liabilities taken at the rates determined by the Central Bank. The Central Bank started to pay interest for U.S. dollar 
(but not other foreign currency) reserve accounts as of 5 May 2015; however, through the date of this Base Prospectus, interest 
has not been paid on U.S. dollar reserve deposits since September 2019.

--- Page 108 ---
89 
SELECTED STATISTICAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
The following tables present certain selected statistical and other information for the Bank (or, in certain indicated 
circumstances, the Group) as of the indicated dates and for the periods indicated. Except as specifically noted herein, the 
selected statistical and other information should be read in conjunction with the BRSA Annual Financial Statements 
(including the notes therein) and the information included in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations.” 
I. Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential 
A. Average Balance Sheet and Interest Data 
The following tables set out the average balances of assets and liabilities, and the interest earned or paid on such 
amounts, of the Bank for the indicated years. For purposes of the following tables, the average for each year is calculated as 
the average of the amounts on each of the end of the preceding year and 31 December of such year and non-accruing credits 
have been treated as non-interest-earning assets (and thus are not equivalent to the parallel APM definitions). If these 
balances had been calculated on a “weighted average” or “daily” basis, then differences might have resulted, which 
differences might be material.

--- Page 109 ---
90 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Average 
Balance 
Avg.
Yield 
Interest 
Income 
Average 
Balance 
Avg.
Yield 
Interest 
Income 
Average 
Balance 
Avg.
Yield 
Interest 
Income 
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
ASSETS 
Average interest-earning 
assets
Deposits in banks(1)...........
5,024,128
4.9%
248,312
5,299,282
5.8%
305,757
3,820,833
1.5%
58,101
Turkish Lira.................
831,780
23.8%
197,948
497,238
54.5%
271,160
353,772
10.7%
37,936
Foreign currency.........
4,192,348
1.2%
50,365
4,802,043
0.7%
34,597
3,467,061
0.6%
20,165
Balances with the Central 
Bank (interest-earning 
portion) ........................
17,655,835
4.0%
697,410
6,908,270
6.4%
439,830
3,108,429
7.4%
229,750
Securities...........................
83,000,191
13.2%
10,977,126
112,852,359
10.6%
11,966,108
177,974,693
9.4%
16,695,965
Turkish Lira ................
54,808,761
17.0%
9,292,496
71,202,288
13.6%
9,555,249
98,938,129
12.7%
12,586,608
Foreign currency........
28,191,430
6.0%
1,684,629
41,650,071
5.5%
2,309,858
79,036,564
5.2%
4,109,356
Loans (net) to customers 
and other 
interest-earning 
assets(2)(3)(4) ................... 
328,831,587
12.5%
41,027,918
393,431,085 
13.4%
52,764,423
502,803,295
10.4%
52,330.087
Turkish Lira ................. 
231,076,288
14.9%
34,326,648
274,630,045
16.3%
44,686,281
374,410,573
11.9%
44,524,134
Foreign currency......... 
97,755,299
6.9%
6,701,270
118,801,041
6.8%
8,078,130
128,392,723
6.1%
7,805,953
Money markets ................. 
5,024,128
0.0%
22,490
164,298
4.3%
7,099
267,516
0.0%
33
Turkish Lira .................. 
831,780
0.0%
22,490
164,298
4.3%
7,099
267,516
0.0%
33
Foreign currency ......... 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Total for average 
interest-earning 
assets............................
434,511,741
12.2%
52,973,256
518,655,293
12,6%
65,483,217
687,974,766
10.1%
69,313,936
Turkish Lira ................ 
305,204,444
14.6%
44,536,992
353,402,139
15.5%
54,959,619
477,078,418
12.0%
57,378,462
Foreign currency........
129,307,297
6.5%
8,436,264
165,253,154
6.4%
10,523,598
210,896,348
5.7%
11,935,474
Average non-interest-
earning assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
42,362,285
46,342,738
67,017,300
Tangibles ........................... 
5,142,987
5,261,925
6,113,501
Equity participations ......... 
6,457,604
7,602,882
10,964,187
Other assets and accrued 
interest.......................... 
14,878,884
18,751,212
24,108,974
Total for average 
non-interest-
earning assets.......
68,841,759
77,958,757
108,203,961
Average total assets .. 
503,353,500
596,614,050
796,178,727
(1) 
Comprises balances with banks. 
(2) 
Overdue interest is included in the “Interest” column for “Loans (net) to customers and other interest-earning assets.” 
(3) 
“Loans (net) to customers and other interest-earning assets” include fund loans for which the Bank’s interest income is only the spread on the total 
interest. 
(4) 
“Loans (net) to customers and other interest-earning assets” include financial lease receivables.

--- Page 110 ---
91 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Rate 
Paid 
Interest 
Expense 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Rate 
Paid 
Interest 
Expense 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Rate 
Paid 
Interest 
Expense 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
LIABILITIES
Average interest-bearing liabilities
Deposits from customers and other 
banks....................................................
220,802,645
8.9%
19,674,540
283,655,071
9.9%
27,989,002
377,383,718
6.0%
22,812,078
Turkish Lira.........................................
127,758,354
13.8%
17,684,975
158,003,546
16.3%
25,716,026
206,517,865
0.0%
21,284,748
Foreign currency ................................
93,044,291
2.1%
1,989,566
125,651,525
1.8%
2,272,976
170,865,853
0.9%
1,527,330
Funds borrowed and other interest-
bearing liabilities ................................
45,712,143
5.5%
2,516,556
53,401,297
5.7%
3,038,482
60,776,708
4.6%
2,787,014
Turkish Lira .........................................
5,363,675
13.9%
746,608
6,613,908
14.2%
936,932
5,021,924
11.5%
580,023
Foreign currency ................................
40,348,468
4.4%
1,769,948
46,787,389
4.5%
2,101,550
55,754,785
4.0%
2,206,991
Obligations under repurchase 
agreements and money market 
borrowings ..........................................
62,304,261
14.1%
8,793,448
58,813,103
15.2%
8,927,479
82,838,440
6.9%
5,728,076
Turkish Lira .........................................
49,558,837
16.8%
8,323,486
42,381,100
19.5%
8,278,781
60,816,807
8.4%
5,123,518
Foreign currency ................................
12,745,425
3.7%
469,962
16,432,004
3.9%
648,698
22,021,633
2.7%
604,558
Total for average interest-bearing 
liabilities........................................
328,819,048
9.4%
30,984,544
395,869,471
10.1%
39,954,963
520,998,866
6.0%
31,327,168
Turkish Lira...................................
182,680,866
14.6%
26,755,069
206,998,554
16.6%
34,391,739
272,356,595
9.9%
26,988,289
Foreign currency...........................
146,138,182
2.9%
4,229,475
188,870,917
3.0%
5,563,224
248,642,271
1.7%
4,338,879
Average non-interest-bearing 
liabilities 
Demand deposits ......................................
77,922,691
105,503,657
161,178,872
Income tax payable ..................................
1,345,180
1,593,641
1,690,552
Equity ........................................................
52,205,611
63,732,968
81,671,401
Accrued interest and other liabilities ......
25,422,788
26,756,423
30,639,037
Total for average non-interest-
bearing liabilities.........................
156,896,270
197,586,688
275,179,862
Average shareholders’ equity and 
net profit.......................................
52,205,611
63,732,968
81,671,401
Average total liabilities and 
shareholders’ equity ...................
503,353,500
593,456,159
796,178,728
(1) 
Turkish Lira and foreign currency expense breakdown for these periods is not available in the BRSA Annual Financial Statements.

--- Page 111 ---
92 
The following table shows the average interest-earning assets, interest-bearing liabilities, interest income, interest 
expenses, net interest income, average yields, average margins and average spreads for the Bank for each of the indicated 
years. 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Average interest-earning assets(1)
Turkish Lira........................................ 
289,185,433 
351,763,195 
477,078,419 
Foreign currency ................................ 
145,534,874 
170,621,970 
210,896,347   
Total ...........................................
434,720,307 
522,385,165 
687,974,766 
Average interest-bearing liabilities
Turkish Lira........................................ 
225,703,258 
259,475,529 
340,728,221 
Foreign currency ................................ 
182,134,113 
243,548,774 
344,022,772 
Total ...........................................
407,837,370 
503,024,303 
684,750,993 
Interest income
Turkish Lira........................................ 
44,570,896 
55,155,506 
57,524,360 
Foreign currency ................................ 
8,482,910 
10,446,777 
11,951,668 
Total.............................................
53,053,807 
65,602,283 
69,476,028 
Interest expense
Turkish Lira........................................ 
26,895,590 
35,256,518 
29,822,150 
Foreign currency ................................ 
4,242,406 
5,033,759 
5,039,379 
Total ...........................................
31,137,996 
40,290,277 
34,861,528 
Net interest income
Turkish Lira........................................ 
17,675,307 
19,898,988 
27,702,210 
Foreign currency ................................ 
4,240,504 
5,413,018 
6,912,289 
Total ...........................................
21,915,811 
25,312,006 
34,614,500 
Average yield
Turkish Lira........................................ 
15.4% 
15.7% 
12.1% 
Foreign currency ................................ 
5.8% 
6.1% 
5.7% 
Total ...........................................
12.2% 
12.6% 
10.1% 
Average margin
Turkish Lira........................................ 
6.1% 
5.7% 
5.8% 
Foreign currency ................................ 
2.9% 
3.2% 
3.3% 
Total ...........................................
5.0% 
4.8% 
5.0% 
Average spread
Turkish Lira........................................ 
3.5% 
2.1% 
3.3% 
Foreign currency ................................ 
3.5% 
4.1% 
4.2% 
Total ...........................................
4.6% 
4.5% 
5.0% 
(1) 
Average interest-earning assets do not include fund-sourced loans amounting to TL 5.5 billion as of 31 December 2020, TL 5.8 
billion as of 31 December 2019 and TL 5.8 billion as of 31 December 2018. 
The following table sets out the Bank’s balance sheet currency profile as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands) 
Total foreign currency assets ........................................... 200,557,076 
226,642,682 
351,731,986 
Total foreign currency liabilities ..................................... 220,046,201
279,788,000 
415,456,895 
Net foreign currency position..................................... (19,489,125) 
(53,145,318) 
(63,724,909) 
Net foreign currency derivative position .........................
18,907,505 
41,767,938 
60,666,603 
Net short/long ..............................................................
581,620 
(11,377,380) 
(3,058,306)

--- Page 112 ---
93 
B. Net Changes in Interest Income and Expense – Volume and Rate Analysis 
The following table provides a comparative analysis of net changes in the Bank’s interest earned and interest paid by 
reference to changes in average volume and rates for the years indicated. Changes in net interest income are attributed either 
to changes in average balances (volume change) or changes in average rates (rate change) for interest-earning assets and 
sources of funds on which interest is earned or expensed. Volume change is calculated as the change in volume multiplied by 
the current rate, while the rate change is calculated as the change in rate multiplied by the previous volume. Average balances 
represent the average of the opening and closing balances for each of the indicated years. For purpose of the following tables, 
NPLs have been treated as non-interest-earning assets. 
2020/2019 
Increase (decrease) due to changes in 
Volume 
Rate 
Net Change 
(TL thousands) 
Interest Income 
Loans .................................................................................. 
11,383,094 
(11,817,430) 
(434,336) 
Reserve deposits ................................................................. 
(280,769) 
70,689 
(210,080) 
Banks .................................................................................. 
(22,482) 
(225,174) 
(247,656) 
Money market placements .................................................. 
(7,066) 
- 
(7,066) 
Marketable securities .......................................................... 
6,109,198 
(1,379,341) 
4,729,857 
Other ................................................................................... 
43,026 
- 
43,026 
Total interest income....................................................
17,225,001 
(13,351,256) 
3,873,745 
Interest Expense 
Deposits .............................................................................. 
13,459,466 
(18,636,390) 
(5,176,924) 
Borrowings ......................................................................... 
137,340 
(618,412) 
(481,072) 
Money market borrowings .................................................. 
1,419,888 
(4,619,291) 
(3,199,403) 
Securities issued ................................................................. 
(42,268) 
271,872 
229,604 
Other ................................................................................... 
3,336,499 
- 
3,336,499 
Total interest expense ...................................................
18,310,924 
(23,602,220) 
(5,291,296) 
Net change in net interest income ...............................
(1,085,923) 
10,250,964 
9,165,041 
2019/2018
Increase (decrease) due to changes in 
Volume 
Rate 
Net Change 
(TL thousands) 
Interest Income 
Loans .................................................................................. 
8,663,665 
3,072,840 
11,736,505 
Reserve deposits ................................................................. 
(697,471) 
439,891 
(257,580) 
Banks .................................................................................. 
15,884 
41,561 
57,445 
Money market placements .................................................. 
(15,391) 
- 
(15,391) 
Marketable securities .......................................................... 
3,165,397 
(2,176,415) 
988,982 
Other ................................................................................... 
38,515 
- 
38,515 
Total interest income....................................................
11,170,599 
1,377,877 
12,548,476 
Interest Expense 
Deposits .............................................................................. 
12,108,475 
(3,794,013) 
8,314,462 
Borrowings ......................................................................... 
132,983 
109,709 
242,692 
Money market borrowings .................................................. 
(529,937) 
663,968 
134,031 
Securities issued ................................................................. 
16,694 
262,540 
279,234 
Other ................................................................................... 
84,243 
- 
84,243 
Total interest expense ...................................................
11,812,458 
(2,757,796) 
9,054,662 
Net change in net interest income ...............................
(641,859) 
4,135,673 
3,493,814

--- Page 113 ---
94 
II. Investment Portfolio 
The Bank’s securities portfolio comprises trading securities and investment securities. The Bank enters into Turkish 
government bond auctions held by the Turkish Treasury as one of 11 primary dealers (market makers). In addition, the Group 
buys and sells Turkish government bonds and eurobonds in over-the-counter transactions, through the Borsa İstanbul 
bonds/bills market and directly with its customers. The Group also enters into purchases (or sales) of securities under 
agreements to resell (or repurchase) substantially identical investments at a certain date in the future at a fixed price (i.e., 
“repos”). Securities sold under repurchase agreements continue to be recognised in the balance sheet and are measured in 
accordance with the accounting policy for the related security portfolio as appropriate. 
As of 31 December 2020, the size of the Bank’s aggregate investment portfolio increased by 73.1% to TL 225.6 
billion from TL 130.3 billion as of 31 December 2019, itself a 36.7% increase from TL 95.4 billion as of 31 December 2018. 
In 2019, the share of the Bank’s total assets represented by its investment portfolio increased as a result of the Bank’s focus 
on increasing its holding of high-yield securities in a decreasing interest rate environment. In 2020, the increase was 
primarily driven by CPI-linked and other Turkish Lira securities. 
Pursuant to market practice, the Bank pledges securities to acquire funding under security repurchase agreements. 
The securities so pledged amounted to TL 57.2 billion as of 31 December 2020, TL 54.7 billion as of 31 December 2019 and 
TL 30.2 billion as of 31 December 2018, comprising 25.4%, 42.0% and 31.6%, respectively, of the Bank’s securities 
portfolio on such dates. Such securities are included in the tables in this section. 
The share of CPI-linked securities in the Bank’s total securities portfolio as of 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020 
was 21.5%, 21.2% and 20.9%, respectively. 
A. Book Value of Investments 
The following table sets out a breakdown of securities (on a book-value basis) held by the Bank as of the indicated 
dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands) 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss........
6,393,453 
1,897,885 
14,305,452 
Turkish Lira.................................................................................... 
501,172 
1,890,575 
13,769,083 
Foreign currency ............................................................................ 
5,892,281 
7,310 
536,369 
Investment securities...........................................................................
88,642,162 
128,436,800 
211,315,626 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost .................................. 
10,254,639 
17,550,083 
29,686,696 
Turkish Lira .............................................................................. 
5,404,610 
4,480,563 
12,466,614 
Foreign currency ...................................................................... 
4,850,029 
13,069,520 
17,220,082 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ................................................................... 
78,387,523 
110,886,717 
181,628,930 
Turkish Lira .............................................................................. 
55,426,682 
74,704,727 
90,571,073 
Foreign currency ...................................................................... 
22,960,841 
36,181,990 
91,057,857 
Total..................................................................................................
95,035,615 
130,334,685 
225,621,078 
Turkish Lira .............................................................................. 
61,332,464 
81,075,865 
116,806,770 
Foreign currency ...................................................................... 
33,703,151 
49,258,820 
108,814,308 
Financial Assets Measured at Fair Value through Profit or Loss 
Securities purchased with the intention of recognising short-term profits and financial assets that are designated on 
initial recognition are classified as held for trading or trading securities. Derivatives are also classified as trading securities 
unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments. After initial recognition, securities that are classified as 
“financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss” are measured at estimated fair value. All trading derivatives in 
a net receivable position (positive fair value) are reported as trading assets, whereas all trading derivatives in a net payable 
position (negative fair value) are reported as trading liabilities.

--- Page 114 ---
95 
Changes in the estimated fair value of these securities are included in the BRSA Financial Statements of income 
within gains less losses from securities. In determining their estimated fair value, trading securities are valued at the last trade 
price (if quoted on an exchange) or the last bid price (if traded over the counter). When market prices are not available or if 
liquidating a position would reasonably be expected to affect market prices, fair value is determined by reference to price 
quotations for similar instruments traded in different markets or management’s estimates of the amounts that can be realised. 
As of 31 December 2020, the size of the Bank’s financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
increased by 653.8% to TL 14,305 million from TL 1,898 million as of 31 December 2019, itself a decrease of 71.8% from 
TL 6,732 billion as of 31 December 2018. The Group’s portfolio of trading securities principally comprises almost entirely 
Turkish government debt. The Bank acts as a market-maker for Turkish government debt. See “Management’s Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Critical Accounting Policies – Classification of Financial 
Assets.” 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Bank’s financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands) 
Turkish government bonds and treasury bills(1) ....................................................  
501,172 
1,890,575 
13,769,083 
Turkish government eurobonds(2)..........................................................................  
5,892,281
7,310 
536,369 
Total financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss ........ 
6,393,453 
1,897,885 
14,305,452 
(1) Turkish Lira-denominated securities. 
(2) Foreign currency-denominated securities. 
Investment Portfolio 
The Group’s investment portfolio consists of “financial assets measured at amortised cost” and “financial assets 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.” 
“Financial assets measured at amortised cost” are financial assets (other than bank loans and receivables) with fixed 
or determinable payments and fixed maturities that the Group intends and has the ability to hold to maturity. The Group 
cannot classify any financial asset as financial assets measured at amortised cost if the Group has, during the current fiscal 
year or during the two preceding fiscal years, sold or transferred any financial assets measured at amortised cost before their 
maturities. “Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income” are financial assets that are neither 
held for trading purposes nor are intended to be held to maturity (i.e., financial assets measured at amortised cost). Financial 
assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income can include certain debt and equity investments. The 
Group classifies investment securities depending upon the intention of management at the time of the purchase thereof, 
though such can be reclassified if the intention of management later changes. 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost are held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial 
assets in order to collect contractual cash flows. Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
are held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial 
assets. The contractual terms of both financial asset categories should give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely 
payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost portfolio. The Bank’s portfolio of “financial assets measured at 
amortised cost” consists principally of Turkish Lira-denominated Turkish government bonds and treasury bills, foreign 
currency-indexed Turkish government bonds and repurchase agreements. These financial assets are initially recognised at 
cost and are subsequently measured at amortised cost are measured at amortised cost with an internal rate of return, and they 
are accounted for by setting forth provision for impairment loss (impairment loss expense) or by posting interest income 
accrual. Interest received from these investments is recognised as interest income in the current period.

--- Page 115 ---
96 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Bank’s portfolio of financial assets measured at 
amortised cost as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands) 
Turkish government bonds and treasury bills(1) ..............................  
5,207,791 
4,395,402 
12,379,589 
Turkish government eurobonds(2) ...................................................  
4,848,753
13,068,073 
17,161,348 
Repurchase agreements ...................................................................  
1,996,979
4,093,912 
5,118,323 
Turkish Lira .............................................................................. 
177,923 
1,989,088 
3,315,575 
Foreign currency ...................................................................... 
1,819,056 
2,104,824 
1,802,748 
Other ...............................................................................................  
198,095 
86,608 
145,760 
Turkish Lira .............................................................................. 
196,819 
85,161 
87,026 
Foreign currency ...................................................................... 
1,276 
1,447 
58,734 
Total financial assets measured at amortised cost portfolio .. 
10,254,639 
17,550,083 
29,686,696 
Turkish Lira .........................................................................  
5,404,610 
4,480,563 
12,466,614 
Fixed rate .....................................................................  
3,168,480
2,055,923
2,080,596 
Floating rate .................................................................  
2,236,130
2,424,640
10,386,018 
Foreign currency ..................................................................  
4,850,029 
13,069,520 
17,220,082 
Fixed rate .....................................................................  
4,850,029
13,069,520
17,220,082 
Floating rate .................................................................  
- 
- 
- 
(1) Turkish Lira-denominated securities. 
(2) Foreign currency-denominated securities. 
As of 31 December 2020, the size of the Bank’s portfolio of financial assets measured at amortised cost increased by 
69.2% to TL 29.7 billion from TL 17.6 billion as of 31 December 2019, itself an increase of 71.1% from TL 10.3 billion as of 
31 December 2018. As of 31 December 2020, the share of the Bank’s total investment securities held in its financial assets 
measured at amortised cost portfolio decreased to 13.2% of its total investment securities from 13.5% as of 31 December 
2019, which itself had increased from 10.8% as of 31 December 2018. In 2019, the increase was due largely to the Bank’s 
purchase of a special tranche of euro-denominated securities issued by the Turkish Treasury relating to the Bank’s issuance 
of additional tier 1 debt and the purchase of additional securities from the primary and secondary markets due to the Bank’s 
strategy to seek the higher yields offered by certain securities. The increase in 2020 was primarily due to the purchase from 
the Turkey Wealth Fund of a special tranche of Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish Treasury. 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income portfolio. The Group’s portfolio of 
“financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income” consists principally of Turkish government 
bonds and treasury bills and equity shares (which represent equity in companies whose shares are not publicly traded). The 
following table sets out certain information relating to the Bank’s portfolio of financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income as of the indicated dates:

--- Page 116 ---
97 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands) 
Turkish government bonds and treasury bills(1) ..................  
55,241,367 
74,042,653 
89,811,384 
Turkish government eurobonds(2) .......................................  
22,570,485 
35,552,979 
90,687,150 
Equity shares.......................................................................  
370,051 
530,139 
258,651 
Other ...................................................................................  
205,620 
760,946 
871,745 
Fixed rate ..................................................................... 
205,620 
760,946 
871,745 
Floating rate ................................................................ 
- 
- 
- 
Total financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income portfolio .........................
78,387,523 
110,886,717 
181,628,930 
Turkish Lira ...............................................................  
55,426,682 
74,704,727 
90,571,073 
Fixed rate ............................................................ 
29,339,867 
37,854,728 
34,753,219 
Floating rate ....................................................... 
26,086,815 
36,849,999 
55,817,854 
Foreign currency ........................................................  
22,960,841 
36,181,990 
91,057,857 
Fixed rate ............................................................ 
22,960,841 
36,181,990 
91,057,857 
Floating rate ....................................................... 
- 
- 
- 
(1) Turkish Lira-denominated securities. 
(2) Foreign currency-denominated securities. 
As of 31 December 2020, the size of the Bank’s portfolio of financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income increased by 63.8% to TL 181.6 billion from TL 110.9 billion, which had increased by 41.5% from 
TL 78.4 billion as of 31 December 2018. In 2019 the increase was balanced among Turkish Lira- and foreign currency-
denominated securities, with both fixed and floating interest rates, which reflected the decreasing interest rate environment 
during the second half of the year. The increase in 2020 was a result of the purchase of government securities in the Bank’s 
role as a primary dealer and the Bank’s portfolio management strategy. 
The Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements included valuation differences on its portfolio of financial assets 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income amounting to a TL 848.3 million loss in 2020, compared to a 
TL 357.9 million loss in 2019 and a TL 6,430 million loss in 2018, in each case as reflected in other comprehensive income 
under shareholders’ equity. 
B. Maturities of Investments 
The following tables set out the maturities of the Turkish Lira-denominated securities in the Bank’s securities 
portfolio (including equity shares, which are reflected under the column titled “Demand,” and accrued interest) as of the 
indicated dates. 
As of 31 December 2020 
Up to 90 days 
From 91 days to 
365 days 
More than 365 
days to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Demand 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Financial assets 
measured at fair value 
through profit or loss .... 
4,646,625 
6,723,492 
2,398,966 
— 
— 
13,769,083 
Financial assets 
measured at fair value 
through other 
comprehensive income . 
4,081,795 
9,075,188 
53,003,836 
24,180,048 
230,206 
90,571,073 
Financial assets 
measured at amortised 
cost.................................
2,755,781 
719,962 
1,038,799 
7,952,072 
— 
12,466,614 
Total ............................ 
11,484,201 
16,518,642 
56,441,601 
32,132,120 
230,206 
116,806,770

--- Page 117 ---
98 
As of 31 December 2019 
Up to 90 days 
From 91 days to 
365 days 
More than 365 
days to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Demand 
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Financial assets 
measured at fair value 
through profit or loss .... 
61,755 
964,825 
863,995 
— 
— 
1,890,575 
Financial assets 
measured at fair value 
through other 
comprehensive income . 
7,122,764 
9,953,161 
38,219,153 
19,277,088 
132,561 
74,704,727 
Financial assets 
measured at amortised 
cost ................................. 
212,421 
40,469 
3,289,284 
938,390 
— 
4,480,563 
Total ............................ 
7,396,940
10,958,455
42,372,432
20,215,478
132,561
81,075,866
As of 31 December 2018 
Up to 90 days 
From 91 days to 
365 days 
More than 365 
days to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Demand 
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Financial assets 
measured at fair value 
through profit or loss .... 
11,350 
— 
18,451 
— 
471,371 
501,172
Financial assets 
measured at fair value 
through other 
comprehensive income . 
4,243,917 
7,039,653 
25,259,377 
18,493,640 
120,095 
55,156,682
Financial assets 
measured at amortised 
cost ................................. 
505,023 
1,050,003 
2,922,653 
926,751 
— 
5,404,610
Total ............................ 
4,760,290 
8,089,656 
28,200,481 
19,420,391 
591,466 
61,062,464 
The following tables set out the maturities of the foreign currency-denominated securities in the Bank’s securities 
portfolio (including equity shares, which are reflected under the column titled “Demand,” and accrued interest) as of the 
indicated dates. 
As of 31 December 2020 
Up to 90 days 
From 91 days to 
365 days 
More than 365 
days to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Demand 
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Financial assets 
measured at fair value 
through profit or loss .... 
223 
— 
— 
9,077 
527,069 
536,369 
Financial assets 
measured at fair value 
through other 
comprehensive income .
3,890,190
11,515,885
39,382,515
36,240,822
28,445
91,057,857
Financial assets 
measured at amortised 
cost ................................. 
88,146 
66,456 
14,179,131 
2,886,347 
— 
17,220,082 
Total ............................ 
3,978,559 
11,582,341 
53,561,646 
39,136,246 
555,514 
108,814,308

--- Page 118 ---
99 
As of 31 December 2019 
Up to 90 days 
From 91 days to 
365 days 
More than 365 
days to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Demand 
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Financial assets 
measured at fair value 
through profit or loss .... 
186 
— 
— 
7,124 
— 
7,310 
Financial assets 
measured at fair value 
through other 
comprehensive income . 
566,215 
4,785,469 
5,194,035 
25,238,693 
397,578 
36,181,990 
Financial assets 
measured at amortised 
cost ................................. 
77,389 
669,908 
9,538,439 
2,783,783 
— 
13,069,519 
Total ............................ 
643,790 
5,455,377 
14,732,474 
28,029,600 
397,578 
49,258,819 
As of 31 December 2018 
Up to 90 days 
From 91 days to 
365 days 
More than 365 
days to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Demand 
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Financial assets 
measured at fair value 
through profit or loss .... 
167 
3,234 
— 
5,966 
6,221,085 
6,230,452 
Financial assets 
measured at fair value 
through other 
comprehensive income . 
104,238 
1,252,146 
5,576,692 
15,777,809 
249,956 
22,960,841 
Financial assets 
measured at amortised 
cost ................................. 
870,156 
894,978 
591,814 
2,491,698 
— 
4,848,646 
Total ............................ 
974,561 
2,150,358 
6,168,506 
18,275,473 
6,471,041 
34,039,939 
C. Investment Concentrations 
Other than securities issued by the Turkish Treasury, the Bank did not hold debt securities of any one issuer that (in 
the aggregate) had a book value in excess of 10% of the Bank’s shareholders’ equity as of 31 December 2018, 2019 or 2020. 
As of such dates, the Bank’s TL 94.3 billion, TL 128.9 billion and TL 223.8 billion of Turkish government securities 
equalled 164.2%, 184.1% and 240.8%, respectively, of the Bank’s shareholders’ equity. 
III. Loan Portfolio 
The Group’s loan portfolio is categorised under five main headings: (a) agricultural loans (which include farming, 
forestry and fishing loans), (b) industry loans (which include mining and quarrying, manufacturing and electricity, gas and 
water), (c) construction, (d) services and (e) other loans. 
The Bank’s loan portfolio including loans to banks amounted to TL 600.7 billion as of 31 December 2020, 
increasing by 34.1% from TL 448.0 billion as of 31 December 2019, which itself increased by 18.1% from TL 379.8 billion 
as of 31 December 2018. As discussed below, there are several important characteristics of the Bank’s loan portfolio, 
including diversification based upon sector, type of borrower, maturity, currency, geography and size. 
Loans to Customers 
Loans (net) represent the largest component of the Bank’s assets. As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s loans (net) 
totaled TL 581.9 billion, which represented 61.7% of the Bank’s total assets, compared to TL 434.9 billion as of 
31 December 2019 (66.9% of the Bank’s total assets) and TL 370.9 billion (69.1% of the Bank’s total assets) as of 
31 December 2018. The Bank’s portfolio of total cash loans to customers, less allowance for possible losses, increased by 
17.3% in 2019 and then increased further by 33.8% in 2020. These increases were attributable to an overall increase in the 
growth rate of the Bank’s lending activity in the SME, commercial and retail loan portfolios.

--- Page 119 ---
100 
The average interest rate that the Bank charged on loans (net) in 2020 was 10.4% calculated on the basis of the 
average (calculated as the average of the amounts on each of the end of the preceding year and 31 December of such year) 
balances and interest rates (13.4% for 2019 and 12.5% for 2018). 
The Bank provides financing for various purposes, although the majority of loans are retail loans, commercial loans 
and loans for working capital purposes. As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s loans with remaining maturities over one year 
but through five years and over five years composed 43.2% and 15.2%, respectively, of the Bank’s total loans to customers 
(41.2% and 9.0%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019 and 23.5% and 9.1%, respectively, as of 31 December 2018). 
Composition of Loan Portfolio by Currency 
As of 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020, 68.0%, 73.5% and 77.0%, respectively, of the Bank’s loan portfolio 
consisted of Turkish Lira-denominated loans with the remainder comprising foreign currency-denominated loans, of which 
U.S. dollar-denominated obligations were the most significant. As of 31 December 2020: (a) the Bank’s foreign currency 
loan book as comprised primarily of corporate loans (96%), with SME loans representing the balance, and (b) 42.5% of the 
Bank’s foreign currency loan book comprised project finance loans whereas the remaining amount was split among export 
and other loans. 
The following table sets out an analysis by currency of the exposure of the Bank’s performing cash loan portfolio 
(including interest and other accruals) as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018(1)
2019(2)
2020(3)
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Turkish Lira ..............  
251,213,950 
67.7% 
316,274,826 
72.7% 
443,603,404 
76.2% 
U.S. dollar ................  
74,190,478 
20,0% 
72,832,201 
16.7% 
81,959,885 
14.1% 
Euro ..........................  
45,402,645 
12.2% 
45,698,577 
10.5% 
56,163,537 
9.7% 
Other ........................  
139,421 
0.0% 
168,895 
0.0% 
180,416 
0.0% 
Total.....................
370,946,494 
100.0% 
434,974,499 
100.0% 
581,907,242 
100.0% 
(1) Foreign currency balances include TL 620,199 thousand of foreign currency-indexed loans and their accruals. 
(2) Foreign currency balances include TL 182,144 thousand of foreign currency-indexed loans and their accruals. 
(3) Foreign currency balances include TL 35,922 thousand of foreign currency-indexed loans and their accruals. 
In 2019, and notwithstanding the significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira, the amount of foreign exchange-
denominated loans declined (in Turkish Lira terms) 0.9% due to the lower loan demand as a result of the low level of GDP 
growth and investments. In 2020, the lower share of foreign exchange-denominated loans was primarily the result of the high 
growth in Turkish Lira loans and weak demand for foreign exchange-denominated loan. Retail loans, which are a growing 
portion of the Bank’s total loans, are generally denominated in Turkish Lira; however, the Bank believes that longer term 
loans to SME and corporate customers are likely to remain denominated in foreign currencies as there remains some 
uncertainty with respect to the future inflation rates and the stability of the Turkish Lira.

--- Page 120 ---
101 
A. Types of Loans 
The following table set out the Bank’s cash and non-cash loans (net) to customers and financial institutions by sector 
as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Cash 
Non-cash 
Cash 
Non-cash 
Cash 
Non-cash 
(TL thousands)
Agricultural........................................................
71,208,801
439,245
75,478,236
406,841
90,997,761
830,148
Farming and raising livestock....................
70,306,635
224,567
75,166,422
278,528
90,322,789
442,808
Forestry........................................................
624,143
127,200
168,905
105,103
285,002
154,924
Fishing.........................................................
278,023
87,478
142,909
23,210
389,970
232,416
Industry...............................................................
80,875,132
48,511,766
93,184,527
45,760,519
117,079,786
54,797,433
Mining and Quarrying................................
4,863,059
634,210
5,351,544
770,801
6,655,248
1,510,483
Manufacturing.............................................
52,668,951
41,451,999
62,769,692
37,427,853
80,531,779
44,457,967
Electricity, Gas and Water .........................  
23,343,122 
6,425,557 
25,063,291 
7,561,865 
29,892,759 
8,828,983 
Construction.......................................................
37,851,512 
34,022,049 
41,938,858 
34,032,756 
56,506,247 
44,723,261 
Services................................................................
86,459,618 
37,170,333 
98,723,028 
38,414,885 
136,094,769 
41,266,978 
Wholesale and Retail Trade .......................  
32,450,798 
14,211,610 
39,716,964 
13,743,800 
60,804,225 
16,026,688 
Hotels and Restaurants ...............................  
6,137,157 
853,958 
8,072,268 
1,140,172 
12,893,441 
1,505,797 
Transportation and Communication ..........  
14,363,504 
6,582,062 
17,446,877 
 6,293,500 
14,960,883 
8,097,382 
Financial Institutions ..................................  
7,529,239 
12,623,809 
7,065,149 
14,089,396 
7,856,951 
11,757,381 
Real Estate and Rental Services ................  
24,407,120 
2,393,289 
24,607,981 
2,582,721 
35,869,000 
3,151,449 
Education Services .....................................  
716,147 
310,558 
888,343 
318,728 
1,449,000 
391,519 
Health and Social Services .........................  
855,653 
195,047 
925,446 
246,568 
2,261,269 
336,762 
Retail and Other(1) .............................................
95,476,264 
1,041,627 
125,967,615 
1,209,612 
186,086,278 
1,120,907 
Total loans...........................................................
371,871,327 
121,185,020 
435,292,264 
119,824,613 
586,764,841 
142,738,727 
Non-performing loans .........................................  
7,459,749 
— 
12,690,487 
13,895,119 
— 
Less: allowance for losses on loans (net) ...........  
(5,347,819) 
— 
(8,264,044) 
 
(10,264,236) 
— 
12 month expected credit losses (Stage 1) (filled 
only by banks that apply the “TFRS 9 
impairment model) ..............................................  
(855,496) 
— 
(1,346,524) 
(2,526,931) 
— 
12 month expected credit losses (Stage 2) (filled 
only by banks that apply the “TFRS 9 
impairment model) ..............................................  
(2,181,267) 
— 
(3,397,684) 
(5,961,551) 
— 
Total...........................................................
370,946,494 
121,185,020 
434,974,499 
119,824,613 
581,907,242 
142,738,727 
(1) 
“Other” includes organisational activities, culture, entertainment and sports, other retail services and other.
As part of its ongoing strategy, the Bank intends to continue to increase its business loan business, comprised of 
loans to both SME and corporate customers. As of 31 December 2020, the share of the Bank’s total cash business loans 
represented by the manufacturing, agriculture, trade, services, energy, construction, finance and tourism sectors was 20.4%, 
19.3%, 17.7%, 10.4%, 8.0%, 7.9%, 5.2% and 3.3%, respectively. 
In addition, the Bank has during recent years increased its lending to individuals, primarily through consumer loans 
and, to a lesser extent, credit cards, and expects to continue its growth in this market as well. Retail lending increased by 
47.3% to TL 172.2 billion as of 31 December 2020 from TL 117.0 billion as of 31 December 2019, itself an increase of 
28.9% from TL 90.8 billion as of 31 December 2018. The Bank’s management believes that the Bank has a particularly good 
position among its competitors in its traditionally strong regions of central and eastern Turkey, and the Bank plans to expand 
and grow its loan portfolio in the regions in which there is high economic activity and/or potential for increasing economic 
activity. 
The Bank’s non-cash loans comprise mainly guarantees and letters of credit.

--- Page 121 ---
102 
The following tables set out certain information on the Bank’s performing loans by type of borrower as of the 
indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
% of 
total 
2019 
% of 
total 
2020 
% of 
total 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Specialized loans .................................. 
63,891,931 
18.3% 
70,052,606 
16.1% 
85,338,862 
14.5% 
Loans to financial institutions ............... 
7,741,272 
1.9% 
13,878,008 
3.2% 
4,617,714 
0.8% 
Corporate and SME loans ..................... 
208,836,081 
51.5% 
233,613,987 
53.7% 
323,561,687 
55.1% 
Retail loans ........................................... 
91,402,043 
28.3% 
117,747,663 
27.1% 
173,246,578 
29.5% 
Total loans.......................................
371,871,327 
100.0% 
435,292,264 
100.0% 
586,764,841 
100.0% 
As of 31 December 
2018 
% of 
total 
2019 
% of 
total 
2020 
% of 
total 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Private sector ........................................ 
276,850,247 
74.5% 
313,169,312 
71.9% 
408,847,755 
69.7% 
Public sector ......................................... 
2,181,004 
0.6% 
2,047,335 
0.5% 
1,106,600 
0.2% 
Banks .................................................... 
1,438,033 
0.4% 
2,327,954 
0.5% 
3,563,908 
0.6% 
Retail ..................................................... 
91,402,043 
24.6% 
117,747,663 
27.1% 
173,246,578 
29.5% 
Total loans.......................................
371,871,327 
100.0% 
435,292,264 
100.0% 
586,764,841 
100.0% 
The following table sets out certain information on the Bank’s performing loan portfolio by size of loans, excluding 
interest accruals, as of the indicated dates:
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Amount 
% of 
total 
Amount 
% of 
total 
Amount 
% of 
total 
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
TL 1 million or more .............................. 
191,998,672 
53.2% 
218,282,807 
51.8% 
288,626,729 
50.5% 
TL 500 thousand or more but less than 
TL 1 million ............................................ 
11,358,780 
3.1% 
16,068,643 
3.8% 
35,844,532 
6.3% 
TL 100 thousand or more but less than 
TL 500 thousand ..................................... 
75,004,485 
20.8% 
93,364,890 
22.2% 
132,174,620 
23.1% 
TL 50 thousand or more but less than 
TL 100 thousand ..................................... 
35,877,922 
9.9% 
43,820,959 
10.4% 
49,331,701 
8.6% 
Less than TL 50 thousand ....................... 
46,815,577 
13.0% 
49,849,689 
11.8% 
65,525,638 
11.5% 
Total................................................
361,056,436 
100.0% 
421,386,988 
100.0% 
571,503,220 
100.0% 
B. Maturities and Sensitivities of Loans to Changes in Interest Rates 
The following tables set out certain information relating to the maturity profile of the Bank’s performing loan 
portfolio (based upon scheduled repayments) as of the indicated dates, including accrued interest. 
Up to 90 days 
From 91 days to 
365 days 
More than 365 
days to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Undistributed 
Total 
(TL thousands) 
31 December 2020 .....  
73,980,652 
165,970,053 
253,969,879 
92,844,257 
3,630,883 
590,395,724 
31 December 2019 .....
166,389,674
84,875,895
146,483,937
30,716,396
766,279
434,974,499
31 December 2018 .....  
42,317,339 
148,970,294 
147,769,313 
29,777,618 
2,111,930 
370,946,494

--- Page 122 ---
103 
The Bank’s medium-term and long-term loans consist primarily of non-agricultural loans as agricultural loans have 
shorter maturities. In line with its lending strategy, typically the Bank does not lend on terms with a maturity in excess of one 
year except for mortgages and project financings. Although the Bank’s loans have a relatively short maturity, many are rolled 
over at the end of their maturity. Further, the majority of the Bank’s loans have a variable rate of interest, thereby reducing 
the interest rate sensitivity of the Bank’s loan portfolio. 
C. Risk Elements 
1. Non-performing, Past Due and Restructured Loans 
The following table sets out the composition of the Bank’s total NPLs and past due but not impaired loans as of the 
indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands) 
NPLs .................................................................  
7,459,749 
12,690,487 
13,895,119 
Past due but not impaired..................................  
18,207,857 
29,832,972 
37,938,290 
Total .......................................................... 
25,667,606 
42,523,459 
51,833,309 
A loan is categorised as non-performing when interest, fees or principal remain unpaid 90 days after the due date. A 
loan is categorised as past due but not impaired when interest, fees or principal remain unpaid 31 to 90 days after the due 
date. In March 2020, the BRSA (as part of the measures taken against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic) implemented 
a temporary rule (initially effective until 31 December 2020 and then extended to 30 Jun3 2021) extending the periods that 
must pass before a loan passes from Group I to Group II or becomes an NPL. See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment - Expected Credit Losses.” 
2. Potential Problem Loans 
As of each of 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020, there were no material amounts of loans that are not included in 
the preceding table but for which information known to the Group about possible credit problems of borrowers caused the 
Bank’s management to have serious doubts as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with the present loan repayment 
terms and that might result in disclosure of such loans in the above table for future years. See “– Summary of Loan Loss 
Experience” below. 
3. Loan Concentrations 
As of each of 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020, the Bank’s loan portfolio did not contain any concentration of 
credits that exceeded 10% of its total loans that are not otherwise already disclosed as a category of loans pursuant to “Types 
of Loans” above. For the purposes of this paragraph, loan concentrations are considered to exist when there are credits to a 
multiple number of borrowers engaged in similar activities that would cause them to be similarly impacted by economic or 
other conditions. 
As of 31 December 2020, cash and non-cash loans to the Bank’s 10 largest customers represented 9.0% of its cash 
and non-cash loan portfolio, compared to 12.0% as of 31 December 2019 and 11.1% as of 31 December 2018. 
D. Other Interest-Earning Assets 
As of each of 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020, the Bank’s other interest-earning assets did not include any non-
loan assets that would be included in III.C.1. (“Non-performing, Past Due and Restructured Loans”) or III.C.2. (“Potential 
Problem Loans”) above if such assets were loans.

--- Page 123 ---
104 
IV. Summary of Loan Loss Experience 
The Bank’s credit monitoring department provides monthly reports to the Board detailing all aspects of its credit 
activity, including the number of new problem loans, the status of existing NPLs and collections. The Bank’s senior 
management monitors the timeliness of debt repayments and classified loans and contingent liabilities. Prompt action is taken 
by the appropriate departments having responsibility for supervising and monitoring loan repayments if any principal or 
accrued interest repayment problems arise. Any overall deterioration in the quality of the Bank’s loan portfolio or increased 
exposure relating to off-balance sheet contingent liabilities is brought to the attention of the Board. 
The Bank’s determination of whether a repayment problem has arisen is based upon a number of objective and 
subjective criteria, including changes to the borrower’s turnover in accounts held by the Bank, changes to the borrower’s 
economic and financial activity giving rise to the suspicion that a loan is not being used for its original purpose, applications 
to change credit terms, failure of the borrower to fulfil the terms and conditions of its loan agreement and refusal of a 
borrower to cooperate in supplying current information. 
The entire principal amount of NPLs is added to provisions. The Group does not write-off NPLs regardless of the 
amount of time they have been outstanding. When a loan is placed on non-performing status, interest income ceases to 
accrue. An NPL is restored to accrual status when all arrears have been paid and it is considered likely that the customer will 
continue timely performance. An NPL may also be restored to accrual status if it is determined that the repayment of 
principal and interest is reasonably assured on collection such as in the case when all amounts due under a loan are fully 
collateralised by cash or marketable securities and actions have commenced to foreclose on the collateral; however, more 
typically the Group seeks to collect on NPLs and close its commitments. 
In March 2020, the BRSA (as part of the measures taken against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic) 
implemented temporary rules (initially effective until 31 December 2020 and then extended to 30 June 2021) extending the 
periods that must pass before a loan passes from Group I to Group II or becomes an NPL. See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment - Expected Credit Losses.” The impact of these measures on the Bank’s NPL ratio as of 31 December 2020 was 
to reduce the Bank’s NPL ratio by approximately 50 basis points from what it otherwise would have been. 
The Bank’s NPLs amounted to TL 7.5 billion, TL 12.7 billion and TL 13.9 billion as of 31 December 2018, 2019 
and 2020, respectively. The Bank’s ratios of NPLs to total gross cash loans (i.e.¸ the NPL ratio) and NPLs to total cash and 
non-cash loans were 2.8% and 1.2%, 1.5% and 2.2% and 2.3% and 1.9%, respectively, as of 31 December 2018, 2019 and 
2020. As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had 73.9% provisioning for NPLs, compared to provisioning of 65.1% as of 
31 December 2019 and 71.7% as of 31 December 2018. The Group has not written off or sold to third parties any of its 
NPLs. 
The following tables set out certain information on credit quality per class of the Bank’s financial assets as of the 
indicated dates. 
As of 31 December 2020 
Neither past 
due nor 
impaired 
Past due or 
individually 
impaired 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Receivables from banks ............................................................................  
2,788,997 
— 
2,788,997 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss ..................  
19,332,652 
— 
19,332,652 
Loans ........................................................................................................  
548,826,551 
37,938,290 
586,764,841 
Specialised lending ............................................................................  
82,751,980 
2,586,882 
85,338,862 
Corporate and SME lending ..............................................................  
294,593,932 
33,585,469 
328,179,401 
Retail lending .....................................................................................  
171,480,639 
1,765,939 
173,246,578 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ......................................................................................................  
181,628,930 
— 
181,628,930 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost .............................................  
29,686,696 
— 
29,686,696

--- Page 124 ---
105 
As of 31 December 2019 
Neither past 
due nor 
impaired 
Past due or 
individually 
impaired 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Receivables from banks ............................................................................  
4,853,379 
- 
4,853,379 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss ..................  
4,695,771 
- 
4,695,771 
Loans ........................................................................................................  
405,459,292 
29,832,972 
435,292,264 
Specialised lending ............................................................................  
66,626,209 
3,426,397 
70,052,606 
Corporate and SME lending ..............................................................  
223,501,609 
23,990,386 
247,491,995 
Retail lending .....................................................................................  
115,331,474 
2,416,189 
117,747,663 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ......................................................................................................  
110,886,717 
- 
110,886,717 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost .............................................  
17,550,083 
- 
17,550,083 
As of 31 December 2018 
Neither past 
due nor 
impaired 
Past due or 
individually 
impaired 
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Receivables from banks .............................................................................. 
5,746,211 
— 
5,746,211 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss .................... 
6,731,624 
— 
6,731,624 
Loans .......................................................................................................... 
353,663,470 
18,207,857 
371,871,327 
Specialised lending .............................................................................. 
202,117,379 
14,459,974 
216,577,353 
Corporate and SME lending ................................................................ 
89,870,265 
1,531,778 
91,402,043 
Retail lending ....................................................................................... 
61,675,826 
2,216,105 
63,891,931 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ......................................................................................................  
78,387,523 
— 
78,387,523 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost .............................................  
10,254,639 
— 
10,254,639 
The following tables set out an ageing analysis of past due but not impaired financial assets of the Bank per class of 
financial instruments as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 2020 
Up to 30 
days 
31-60 
days 
61-90 
days 
Over 90 
days 
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Loans and receivables:(1)
Agricultural ...............................  
1,131,277 
369,587 
346,767 
— 
1,847,631 
Corporate and SME lending......  
415,284 
106,573 
415,679 
— 
937,536 
Retail lending ............................  
184,596 
71,177 
47,389 
— 
303,162 
Total................................... 
1,731,157 
547,337 
809,835 
—
3,088,329 
As of 31 December 2019 
Up to 30 
days 
31-60 
days 
61-90 
days 
Over 90 
days 
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Loans and receivables:(1)
Agricultural ...............................  
811,513 
188,977 
133,937 
— 
1,134,427 
Corporate and SME lending......  
40,377 
88,874 
2,759,013 
— 
3,251,657 
Retail lending ............................  
6,112 
13,579 
5,613 
— 
80,312 
Total................................... 
858,002
291,430
2,898,563
—
4,466,396

--- Page 125 ---
106 
As of 31 December 2018 
Up to 30 
days 
31-60 
days 
61-90 
days 
Over 90 
days 
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Loans and receivables:(1)
Agricultural ...............................  
604,811 
183,072 
95,164 
— 
883,047 
Corporate and SME lending......  
308,419 
155,519 
1,742,770 
— 
2,206,708 
Retail lending ............................  
57,408 
11,971 
4,894 
— 
74,273 
Total................................... 
970,638 
350,562 
1,842,828 
—
3,164,028 
(1) 
The amounts indicated here are the overdue instalment amounts for loans with instalments and the overdue principal amount for other 
type of loans. The remaining principal amounts of loans with instalments equals TL 34,849,961, TL 25,366,576 and TL 15,043,829 
for 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
The following table sets out certain information on the Bank’s gross loan portfolio by credit quality classification for 
cash loans as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Performing loans ............................... 
371,871,327 
68.1% 
435,292,264 
76.7% 
586,764,841 
78.9% 
Non-performing loans ....................... 
7,459,749 
1.4% 
12,690,487 
2.2% 
13,895,119 
1.9% 
Contingencies and commitments ...... 
167,047,339 
30.6% 
119,824,613 
21.1% 
142,738,727 
19.2% 
Cash loans and commitments 
and contingencies – gross.........
546,378,415 
100.0% 
567,807,364 
100.0% 
743,398,687 
100.0% 
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s NPL ratio was 2.3% as compared to 2.8% and 2.0% as of 31 December 2019 
and 2018, respectively. 
For more information on the industry requirements for classification of NPLs, see “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment—Expected Credit Losses.” 
Analysis of the Allowance for Loan Losses 
The following tables set forth an analysis of the movements in the NPLs for the Bank for each year indicated below: 
2020 
Corporate 
Loans 
Retail Loans 
Agricultural 
Loans 
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Balances at beginning of year ..............  
9,667,398 
1,361,904 
1,661,185 
12,690,487 
Net additions and recoveries, net .........  
899,458 
79,521 
225,653 
1,204,632 
Balances at end of year .............. 
10,566,856 
1,441,425 
1,886,838 
13,895,119 
2019 
Corporate 
Loans 
Retail Loans 
Agricultural 
Loans 
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Balances at beginning of year ..............  
5,267,943 
1,084,721 
1,107,085 
7,459,749 
Net additions and recoveries, net .........  
4,399,455 
277,183 
554,100 
5,230,738 
Balances at end of year .............. 
9,667,398 
1,361,904 
1,661,185 
12,690,487

--- Page 126 ---
107 
2018 
Corporate 
Loans 
Retail Loans 
Agricultural 
Loans 
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Balances at beginning of year ..............  
3,216,233 
876,337 
681,759 
4,774,329 
Net additions and recoveries, net .........  
2,057,710 
208,384 
425,326 
2,685,420 
Balances at end of year .............. 
5,267,943 
1,084,721 
1,107,085 
7,459,749 
The following tables set out the Bank’s NPLs by sector as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Amount 
%
Amount 
%
Amount 
%
Sector:
Agricultural..............................................
1,231,300 
16.5% 
1,794,874 
14.1% 
1,978,838 
14.2% 
Farming and raising livestock ............. 
1,218,312 
16.3% 
1,777,009 
14.0% 
1,959,833 
14.1% 
Forestry ............................................... 
6,497 
0.1% 
9,164 
0.0% 
8,443 
0.1% 
Fishing ................................................ 
6,491 
0.1% 
8,701 
0.0% 
10,562 
0.1% 
Industry ....................................................
1,495,860 
20.1% 
2,292,927 
18.1% 
2,286,024 
16.5% 
Mining and Quarrying ........................ 
21,034 
0.3% 
26,150 
0.2% 
22,656 
0.2% 
Manufacturing .................................... 
1,454,341 
19.5% 
2,018,110 
15.9% 
2,030,137 
14.6% 
Electricity, Gas and Water .................. 
20,485 
0.3% 
248,667 
2.0% 
233,231 
1.7% 
Construction.............................................
607,996 
8.2% 
2,503,451 
19.7% 
2,847,696 
20.5% 
Services .....................................................
2,971,634 
39.8% 
4,670,634 
36.8% 
5,204,123 
37.5% 
Wholesale and Retail Trade ................ 
1,819,071 
24.4% 
2,663,794 
21.0% 
3,015,631 
21.7% 
Hotels and Restaurants ....................... 
128,510 
1.7% 
354,691 
2.8% 
405,318 
2.9% 
Transportation and Communication ... 
90,628 
1.2% 
140,008 
1.1% 
264,089 
1.9% 
Financial Institutions .......................... 
4,271 
0.1% 
5,870 
0.1% 
6,091 
0.0% 
Real Estate and Rental Services.......... 
893,236 
12.0% 
1,369,009 
10.8% 
1,354,029 
9.7% 
Self Employed .................................... 
— 
— 
— 
0.0% 
— 
0.0% 
Education Services ............................. 
21,500 
0.3% 
108,723 
0.9% 
89,097 
0.6% 
Health and Social Services ................. 
14,418 
0.2% 
28,539 
0.2% 
69,868 
0.5% 
Other(1)......................................................
1,152,959 
15.5% 
1,428,601 
11.3% 
1,578,438 
11.4% 
Total loans ......................................... 
7,459,749 
100.0% 
12,690,487 
100.0% 
13,895,119 
100.0% 
(1) 
“Other” includes retail, organisational activities, culture, entertainment and sports, other retail services and other 
Provisioning 
The Group makes specific allowances for possible loan losses on a case-by-case basis and actual allowances 
established take into account the value of any collateral or third party guarantees. Allowances for possible loan losses are 
defined as the difference between the carrying amounts and the present value of expected future cash flows, including 
amounts recoverable from guarantees and collateral, discounted at the original effective interest rate of the loan. The 
allowances are based upon the Group’s own loss experience and management’s judgment as to the level of losses that will 
most likely be recognised from assets in each credit risk category by reference to the debt service capability and repayment 
history of the borrower. The allowances for possible loan losses in the BRSA Financial Statements are also determined on the 
basis of existing economic and political conditions. The Bank is not in a position to predict what changes in conditions will 
take place in Turkey and what effect such changes might have on the adequacy of the Group’s allowances for possible loan 
losses in future periods. 
In addition to specific allowances for possible loan losses, the Group also records collective impairment. A 
collective component of the total allowance is established for groups of homogeneous loans that are not considered 
individually significant, and groups of assets that are individually significant but that were not found to be individually 
impaired. A collective allowance for groups of homogeneous loans is established using statistical methods such as roll rate 
methodology or, for small portfolios with insufficient information, a formula approach based upon historic loss rate

--- Page 127 ---
108 
experience. The roll rate methodology uses statistical analysis of historical data on delinquency to estimate the amount of 
loss. The estimate of loss arrived at on the basis of historical information is then reviewed to ensure that it appropriately 
reflects the economic conditions and product mix at the reporting date. 
Pursuant to the Regulation on Provisions and Classification of Loans and Receivables loans: (a) that are classified 
under Groups III, IV and V, (b) the debtors of which are deemed to have defaulted pursuant to the Communiqué on the 
Calculation of Principal Subject to Credit Risk by Internal-Ratings Based Approaches (published in the Official Gazette 
dated 23 October 2015 and numbered 29511) or (c) to which, as a result of debtor’s default, the lifetime expected credit loss 
reserve applies under TFRS 9 are classified as NPLs. Financial guarantees are also classified as NPLs on the basis of their 
nominal amounts in case where: (i) a risk of a compensation claim by the creditor has occurred or (ii) the debt assumed under 
the relevant financial guarantee falls within the scope of any of the circumstances stated in clause (a), (b) or (c). If several 
loans have been extended to a debtor by the same bank and any of these loans is classified as an NPL, then all other loans 
extended to such debtor by such bank shall also be classified as NPLs; however, for consumer loans, even if any of these 
loans is classified as an NPL, other consumer loans granted to the same debtor may be classified in the respective applicable 
group other than Group I. 
Subject to the COVID-19-related forbearances described in “Turkish Regulatory Environment - Expected Credit 
Losses,” a loan is categorised as “past due” but not impaired when interest, fees or principal remains unpaid one to 90 days 
after the due date. A loan is characterised as “impaired” when interest fees or principal remain unpaid 90 days after the due 
date. As of 31 December 2020, the share of loans restructured before being classified as impaired amounted to TL 16.1 
million, which amounted to 2.8% of the Bank’s total loans. This compared to TL 7,683 million (1.8% of the Bank’s total 
loans) and TL 2,671 million (0.7% of the Bank’s total loans) as of 31 December 2019 and 2018, respectively. The share of 
gross loans on the Bank’s watch list (i.e., Stage 2 loans) was 6.5%, 6.7% and 4.8%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020, 
2019 and 2018. As of 31 December 2020, the distribution of Stage 2 loans by sectors was: construction 24.3%, services 
21.8%, manufacturing 19.6%, trade 9.2%, energy 8.7%, agriculture 6.7% and others 9.7%. As of the same date, TL 21,869 
million in loans that had not been restructured were under “Stage 2 loans” (TL 22,150 million as of 31 December 2019). 
The Bank sets aside provisions for Stage 1 and Stage 2 loans, with (as of 31 December 2020) provisions for Stage 1 
loans to the total Stage 1 loans being 0.5% and provisions for Stage 2 loans to the total Stage 2 loans being 15.7%. 
V. Deposits 
The Bank’s deposits consist of demand deposits (current accounts) and time deposits from customers and banks. As 
of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s major source of funds for its lending and investment activities were deposits from 
customers, which accounted for 70.2% of the Bank’s total liabilities (as compared to 71.7% as of 31 December 2019 and 
63.7% as of 31 December 2018). Other sources of funding include (inter alia) money markets borrowings, funds borrowed 
and securities issued. 
The following table sets out the Bank’s deposits and other sources of funding as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Deposits(1) ......................................... 
331,066,483 
73.7% 
447,250,973 
80.8% 
629,874,208 
77.7% 
Funds borrowed ................................ 
34,171,653 
7.6% 
34,528,490 
6.2% 
36,950,213 
4.6% 
Money markets borrowings .............. 
68,350,796 
15.2% 
49,275,410 
8.9% 
116,401,469 
14.4% 
Securities issued................................ 
15,430,468 
3.4% 
13,106,026 
2.4% 
14,354,533 
1.8% 
Subordinated debt ............................. 
— 
— 
9,565,957 
1.7% 
13,048,197 
1.6% 
Total ............................................. 
449,019,400 
100.0% 
553,726,856 
100.0% 
810,628,620 
100.0% 
(1) 
Of total deposits, foreign exchange deposits made up TL 152,830 million as of 31 December 2018, TL 206,219 million as of 31 December 2019 and 
TL 323,128 million as of 31 December 2020. These include deposits from banks.
The Bank has access to diversified foreign currency funding sources. As of 31 December 2020, total foreign 
currency external funding amounted to US$9.8 billion, of which US$3.2 billion was from repo transactions, US$1.8 billion 
was from securities issued, US$1.7 billion was from loans from international financial institutions (e.g., the World Bank, the

--- Page 128 ---
109 
EIB, KfW, AFD and the CEB), US$1.1 billion was from syndicated loan, US$1.4 billion was from bilateral loans and 
US$0.6 billion was from post-finance loans. 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Bank’s deposits based upon figures from customers by composition 
as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
% 
2019
%
2020
%
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Savings deposits(1)..................................  
115,296,317 
34.8% 
143,194,080 
32.0% 
169,494,652 
26.9% 
Time ................................................  
89,457,772 
27.0% 
107,612,723 
24.1% 
122,048,942 
19.4%
Demand...........................................  
25,838,545 
7.8% 
35,581,357 
8.0% 
47,445,710 
7.5%
Public, commercial and other deposits(2)
215,770,166 
65.2% 
304,056,893 
68.0% 
460,379,556 
73.1% 
Time ................................................  
154,616,957 
46.7% 
215,622,687 
48.2% 
309,483,083 
49.1%
Demand...........................................  
61,153,209 
18.5% 
88,434,206 
19.8% 
150,896,473 
24.0%
Total ............................................... 
331,066,483 
100.0% 
447,250,973 
100.0% 
629,874,208 
100.0% 
(1) 
Represents Turkish Lira deposits from retail customers. 
(2) 
Represents Turkish Lira and foreign currency deposits from corporate customers, SMEs, government-related corporations and other entities (i.e., no 
retail customers). 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Bank’s deposits in Turkish Lira and foreign currency 
as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
TL deposits ........................................ 
178,236,637 
53.8% 
241,031,548 
53.9% 
306,746,336 
48.7% 
Foreign currency deposits .................. 
152,829,846 
46.2% 
206,219,425 
46.1% 
323,127,872 
51.3% 
Total ..............................................
331,066,483 
100.0% 
447,250,973 
100.0% 
629,874,208 
100.0% 
In 2018, 2019 and 2020, the foreign currency distribution of deposits has trended in favour of Turkish Lira as a 
result of lower inflation, reduced exchange rate fluctuation and the significant decline in interest rates. 
Deposits from Customers 
Customer current accounts generally bear no interest and can be withdrawn upon demand. For customer time 
deposits, different interest rates are paid on the various types of accounts offered by the Group. The Group’s deposits from 
customers mainly are comprised of savings deposits, commercial deposits, foreign currency deposits and obligations under 
repurchase agreements. 
Public agencies and instrumentalities funded out of the state budget are obliged to keep their cash in Turkish Lira-
denominated demand deposit accounts at the Central Bank or the Bank. Other public institutions are obliged by law to keep 
their cash in accounts at the Central Bank, the Bank, Halkbank or Türkiye Vakıflar Bankası T.A.O. (“Vakıfbank”). As of 
31 December 2020, 15.1% of the Bank’s deposits had been made by such entities and by state-owned enterprises, compared 
with 10.8% as of 31 December 2019 and 11.9% as of 31 December 2018. The Bank’s management believes that the Bank 
provides such entities with banking services competitive both in price and quality with private sector banks. Nevertheless, the 
Bank’s management believes that the Group needs to diversify further its deposit base to reduce reliance upon deposits by 
state-controlled entities. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group and its Business – Funding Risks – Liquidity Risk.”

--- Page 129 ---
110 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Bank’s demand and time deposits as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
% 
2019
%
2020
%
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Demand deposits ........................ 
86,991,754 
26.3% 
124,015,563 
27.7% 
198,342,183 
31.5% 
Time deposits ............................. 
244,074,729 
73.7% 
323,235,410 
72.3% 
431,532,025 
68.5% 
Total ................................... 
331,066,483 
100.0% 
447,250,973 
100.0% 
629,874,208 
100.0% 
The following table sets out the maturity of deposits made with the Bank by amount as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands) 
Up to 1 month ...................  
123,763,691 
186,921,681 
289,226,412 
From 1-3 months ..............  
137,375,194 
162,878,976 
238,705,486 
From 3-6 months ..............  
22,708,808 
44,614,137 
40,128,171 
From 6 months-1 year ......  
18,540,283 
16,228,553 
20,713,179 
Over 1 year .......................  
28,509,260 
36,391,957 
40,881,580 
Cumulative deposits .........  
169,247 
215,669 
219,380 
Total........................... 
331,066,483 
447,250,973 
629,874,208 
The following table sets out a breakdown of Turkish Lira time deposits by amount as of the indicated dates 
(excluding bank deposits and accruals): 
% of Total TL Time Deposits 
As of 31 December 
Amount
2018 
2019 
2020 
TL 0-10,000 ...........................................  
1.0% 
0.7% 
0.4% 
TL 10,001-50,000 ..................................  
8.2% 
6.6% 
4.6% 
TL 50,001-100,000 ................................  
8.5% 
7.5% 
5.8% 
TL 100,001-250,000 ..............................  
14.7% 
13.6% 
11.5% 
TL 250,001-500,000 ..............................  
11.2% 
10.6% 
9.8% 
TL 500,001-1,000,000 ...........................  
10.0% 
9.6% 
9.4% 
TL+1,000,000 ........................................  
46.4% 
51.4% 
58.5% 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Bank’s demand and time deposits from customers as of the 
indicated dates (deposits from banks are not included): 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands) 
Demand deposits........................
81,913,641 
119,754,650 
196,117,421 
TL deposits .............................. 
42,947,326 
58,756,601 
75,068,338 
Foreign currency deposits ....... 
38,966,315 
60,998,049 
121,049,083 
Time deposits .............................
219,631,735 
291,279,102 
399,762,225 
TL deposits .............................. 
125,211,961 
165,609,965 
213,252,196 
Foreign currency deposits ....... 
94,419,774 
125,669,137 
186,510,029 
Total ........................................ 
301,545,376 
411,033,753 
595,879,646 
In 2020, the average effective interest rates applied to customer deposits were 1.9% for U.S. dollars, 0.6% for euro 
and 13.7% for Turkish Lira (1.4%, 0.4% and 7.8%, respectively, in 2019 and 1.7%, 1.1% and 7.7%, respectively, in 2018).

--- Page 130 ---
111 
For additional information on average rates paid on deposits, see I. (Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ 
Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential) above. 
Deposits from Banks 
The Bank’s deposits from banks comprise demand and time deposits. These were TL 25,669 million as of 
31 December 2018, TL 31,480 million as of 31 December 2019 and TL 33,995 million as of 31 December 2020. 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Bank’s demand and time deposits from banks as of the indicated 
dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands) 
Demand deposits ........................  
4,742,133 
3,528,208 
2,224,762 
Time deposits .............................  
20,926,481 
27,951,657 
31,769,800 
Total .......................................  
25,668,614 
31,479,865 
33,994,562 
VI. Return on Equity and Assets 
The following table sets out certain of the Bank’s selected financial ratios and other data for the indicated years: 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Current period profit/loss from continued operations .... 
7,960,938 
6,186,888 
7,825,019 
Average total assets ........................................................ 
485,715,318 
593,456,159 
796,178,728 
Average shareholders’ equity ......................................... 
52,205,611 
63,732,968 
81,671,401 
Return on average total assets ........................................ 
1.6% 
1.0% 
1.0% 
Return on average shareholders’ equity ......................... 
15.2% 
9.7% 
9.6% 
Equity to assets ratio ...................................................... 
10.7% 
10.7% 
10.3% 
VII. Funds Borrowed and Certain Other Liabilities 
Funds Borrowed 
The Bank has entered into a number of Turkish Lira and foreign currency financings with other banks and financial 
institutions, which have maturities of up to 30 years. Certain information on such financings is set out below. 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Bank’s funds borrowed (excluding accruals) by source as of the 
indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands) 
Borrowings from domestic banks and institutions ....  
6,207,376 
7,665,136 
6,134,237 
Borrowings from overseas banks and institutions .....  
27,964,277 
26,863,354 
30,815,976 
Total..................................................................
34,171,653 
34,528,490 
36,950,213

--- Page 131 ---
112 
The following table sets out certain information as to the currency of the Bank’s borrowings outstanding (excluding 
accrued interest) as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL thousands, except percentages) 
Turkish Lira ....................................  
61,446,457 
52.1% 
36,543,558 
34.3% 
95,133,902 
56.7% 
Foreign currency .............................  
56,506,460 
47.9% 
69,932,325 
65.7% 
72,572,313 
43.3% 
Total ........................................... 
117,952,917 
100.0% 
106,475,883 
100.0% 
167,706,215 
100.0% 
The following table sets out certain information as to the maturity profile of the Bank’s borrowings outstanding 
(excluding accrued interest) as of the indicated dates: 
31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Maturity Date: 
(TL thousands) 
Within one year ................................  
93,429,987 
72,253,766 
138,576,979 
One to five years ..............................  
21,148,104 
30,781,053 
33,425,630 
Over five years .................................  
3,374,826 
3,441,064 
8,751,803 
Total ............................................. 
117,952,917 
106,475,883 
180,754,412 
With respect to loans, in addition to traditional relationships with international commercial banks, the Bank 
cooperates with international financial institutions (“IFIs”) such as the World Bank, the EIB, KfW, the AFD and the CEB, 
which provide the Bank with access to long-term funding opportunities to address the investment and working capital needs 
of its SME customers, as well as enter into syndicated loans. The Bank’s senior management expects that these loans and 
bond issues will allow the Bank to further diversify its funding structure and believes that, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Bank is in compliance with the terms and conditions of its financing agreements. The below describes the 
material loan agreements of the Bank as of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
IBRD Loan 1. On 6 July 2010, the Bank, as borrower, and the International Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development (the “IBRD”) of the World Bank, as lender, entered into a loan agreement (the “IBRD Loan 1”) in an 
amount equivalent to US$200 million for medium- and long-term financing of SMEs in Turkey. The current interest 
rate under the IBRD Loan 1 is the applicable London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) plus a variable spread. The 
principal under the IBRD Loan 1 is repayable semi-annually on 1 April and 1 October, commencing on 1 October 
2020. The IBRD Loan 1 matures on 1 October 2035. The obligations are guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury. As of 
31 December 2020, US$190 million was outstanding under IBRD Loan 1. Utilisation under the IBRD Loan 1 ended 
on 31 March 2015. 
EIF Guarantee. On 15 November 2011, the Bank, as guarantee, and the European Investment Fund (the 
“EIF”), as guarantor, entered into a global guarantee agreement (the “EIF Guarantee”) with a maximum limit of 
TL 300 million to ease the guarantee requirements of SMEs in obtaining credits from banks. According to the EIF 
Guarantee, the Bank will provide credit facilities to SMEs and in return a maximum amount will be guaranteed by 
the EIF. The EIF guaranteed up to 75% of each NPL within the scope of the agreement up to a total guarantee cap of 
TL 22.5 million (being 10% of the guaranteed amount). The total amount of guarantee-calls falling within the scope 
of the agreement cannot exceed TL 22.5 million. Furthermore, the credit limit of a single SME borrower cannot 
exceed €25,000. To qualify for this credit, SMEs must have: (a) fewer than 10 employees, (b) turnover below 
€2,000,000 and (c) no more than five years of operations. The EIF Guarantee was amended on 20 August 2013. 
Pursuant to this amendment, the maximum limit was increased to TL 1.3 billion and the EIF guaranteed up to 75% 
of each NPL within the scope of the agreement up to a total cap of TL 73.1 million (being 7.5% of the guaranteed 
amount). The EIF Guarantee availability was extended to 30 June 2014. The EIF Guarantee was amended again on 
18 July 2014. Pursuant to this amendment, the maximum limit was increased to TL 2.1 billion and the EIF will 
guarantee up to 75% of each NPL within the scope of the agreement up to a total cap of TL 118.1 million (being 
7.5% of the guaranteed amount). The EIF Guarantee availability was extended to 31 December 2014. Utilisation 
under the guarantee, the last of which was made on 31 December 2014, reached TL 1.3 billion as of that date. No 
further utilisations have been made under the guarantee after 31 December 2014.

--- Page 132 ---
113 
EIB Loan 1. On 28 June 2012, the Bank, as borrower, and the EIB, as lender, entered into a loan agreement 
(the “EIB Loan 1”) in an amount equivalent to €100 million for the financing of projects in Turkey carried out by 
SMEs. The loan was drawn in two U.S. dollar tranches (one with fixed and one with a variable interest rate), two 
euro tranches (one with fixed and one with a variable interest rate) and one Turkish Lira tranche with a fixed interest 
rate. The principal under the EIB loan is repayable semi-annually and has commenced on 30 April 2016. The EIB 
Loan 1 matures on 31 October 2022. The obligations are guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury. As of 31 December 
2020, €8.6 million, US$14.8 million and TL 20.1 million was outstanding under the EIB Loan 1. 
IBRD Loan 2. On 6 May 2013, the Bank as borrower, and the IBRD, as lender, entered into an SME 
Energy Efficiency loan agreement (the “IBRD Loan 2”). The IBRD Loan 2 provides for financing of an amount 
equivalent to US$ 67 million to finance energy efficient investments made by SMEs and larger companies. The 
current interest rate under the IBRD Loan 2 is LIBOR plus a percentage. The principal under the IBRD Loan 2 is 
repayable semi-annually on 15 March and 15 September of each year and has commenced on 15 March 2019. The 
IBRD Loan 2 matures on 15 March 2043. The obligations under the IBRD Loan 2 have been guaranteed by the 
Turkish Treasury. As of 31 December 2020, US$62.0 million was outstanding under the IBRD Loan 2. 
IBRD Loan 3. On 22 August 2013, the Bank as borrower, and the IBRD, as lender, entered into a credit 
facility agreement in relation to the financing of SME projects (the “IBRD Loan 3”). Through lease financing, the 
IBRD Loan 3 provides for financing of up to US$300 million to be on-lent to leasing companies and to those banks 
that are authorised to do leasing. The current interest rate under the IBRD Loan 3 is LIBOR plus a percentage. The 
principal under the IBRD Loan 3 is repayable semi-annually on 1 April and 1 October of each year, commencing on 
1 April 2019. The IBRD Loan 3 matures on 1 April 2043. The obligations under the IBRD Loan 3 have been 
guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury. As of 31 December 2020, US$275.5 million was outstanding under the IBRD 
Loan 3. Utilisations under the IBRD Loan 3 ended on 29 December 2018. 
EIB Loan 2/A. On 18 September 2013, the Bank as borrower, and the EIB, as lender, entered into a loan 
agreement (the “EIB Loan 2/A”). The EIB Loan 2/A provides for financing of an amount equivalent to €100 million 
to be on-lent to SMEs and mid-caps (medium-sized companies). The EIB disbursed the loan in several tranches, 
with floating or fixed interest rates and with a repayment schedule for each tranche to be determined by the EIB 
upon the Bank’s submission of a disbursement notice form to the EIB. The obligations under the EIB Loan 2/A have 
been guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury. As of 31 December 2020, €12.5 million and US$17.1 million was 
outstanding under the EIB Loan 2. 
KfW Loan. On 26 June 2014, the Bank as borrower, and the German Development Bank (“KfW”), as 
lender, entered into a loan agreement (the “KfW Loan”). The KfW Loan provides for financing of a total amount 
equivalent to €150 million to be on-lent to SMEs located in rural areas or operating in the agricultural value chain. 
KfW disbursed the loan in one tranche with a fixed interest rate at 3.1% per annum. The obligations under the KfW 
Loan have been guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury. As of 31 December 2020, €80 million was outstanding under 
the KfW Loan. 
EIB Loan 2/B. On 8 July 2014, the Bank as borrower, and the EIB, as lender, entered into a loan agreement 
(the “EIB Loan 2/B”). The EIB Loan 2/B provides for financing of an amount equivalent to €100 million to be on-
lent to SMEs and mid-caps. The EIB has disbursed the loan in several tranches with floating or fixed interest rates 
and with a repayment schedule for each tranche to be determined by the EIB upon the Bank’s submission of a 
disbursement notice form to the EIB. The obligations under the EIB Loan 2/B have been guaranteed by the Turkish 
Treasury. As of 31 December 2020, €26 million and US$18 million was outstanding under the EIB Loan 2/B. 
EIB Loan 3/A. On 28 May 2015, the Bank as borrower, and the EIB, as lender, entered into a loan 
agreement (the “EIB Loan 3/A”). The EIB Loan 3/A provides for financing of an amount equivalent to €100 million 
to be on-lent to SMEs and mid-caps. On 27 August 2015, the EIB disbursed the loan in four tranches with floating 
or fixed interest rates and with a repayment schedule for each tranche that was determined by the EIB upon the 
Bank’s submission of a disbursement notice form to the EIB. One tranche in the amount of €10 million matured on 
27 August 2020 and the remaining three tranches in an aggregate amount of €90 million mature in August 2023. The 
obligations under the EIB Loan 3/A have been guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury. As of 31 December 2020, €30 
million and US$26.5 million was outstanding under the EIB Loan 3/A.

--- Page 133 ---
114 
EIB Loan 3/B. On 5 May 2016, the Bank as borrower, and the EIB, as lender, entered into a loan agreement 
(the “EIB Loan 3/B”). The EIB Loan 3/B provides for financing of an amount equivalent to €100 million to be on-
lent to SMEs and mid-caps. On 8 July 2016, the EIB disbursed the loan in two tranches, one with floating and the 
other with fixed interest rate and with a repayment schedule for each tranche that were determined by the EIB upon 
the Bank’s submission of a disbursement notice form to the EIB. The obligations under the EIB Loan 3/B have been 
guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury. As of 31 December 2020, €40 million and US$45.3 million was outstanding 
under the EIB Loan 3/B. 
EIB Loan 4/A. On 27 December 2016, the Bank as borrower, and the EIB, as lender, entered into a loan 
agreement (the “EIB Loan 4/A”). The EIB Loan 4/A provides for financing of an amount equivalent to €100 million 
to be on-lent to SMEs and mid-caps. The EIB disbursed the loan in two separate tranches in U.S. dollars and with a 
fixed interest rate. The obligations under the EIB Loan 4/A have been guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury. As of 
31 December 2020, US$108.7 million was outstanding under the EIB Loan 4/A. 
EIB IPARD Loan. On 22 September 2014, the Bank as borrower, and the EIB, as lender, entered into a loan 
agreement (the “EIB IPARD Loan”). The EIB IPARD Loan provides for financing of an amount equivalent to €100 
million to be on-lent to SMEs and mid-caps for investments approved by the Agriculture and Rural Development 
Support Institution (“TKDK”). On 28 January 2016, the EIB disbursed the loan in two tranches with floating and 
fixed interest rates and with a repayment schedule for each tranche that were determined by the EIB upon the Bank’s 
submission of a disbursement notice form to the EIB. One tranche in the amount of €30 million and a second in the 
amount of US$75.7 million mature in January 2030. The obligations under the EIB IPARD Loan have been 
guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury. As of 31 December 2020, €28.5 million and US$71.9 million was outstanding 
under EIB IPARD Loan. 
AFD Loan. On 2 December 2014, the Bank as borrower, and the French Development Agency (the 
“AFD”), as lender, entered into a loan agreement (the “AFD Loan”). The AFD Loan provides for financing of an 
amount equivalent to €100 million to be on-lent for investments relating to the modernisation of SMEs operating in 
the agricultural value chain. The AFD disbursed the loan in four tranches, with each tranche being €25 million, with 
the interest rate and repayment schedule for each tranche to be determined by the AFD by fixing the rate at the time 
of disbursement upon the Bank’s submission of a disbursement notice form to the AFD. The obligations under the 
AFD Loan have been guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury. As of 31 December 2020, €72.0 million was outstanding 
under the AFD Loan. 
CEB Loan. On 10 December 2014, the Bank as borrower, and the Council of Europe Development Bank 
(the “CEB”), as lender, entered into a loan agreement (the “CEB Loan”) for a total amount of €100 million to 
finance SMEs. The CEB disbursed the loan in four tranches, each tranche amounting to €25 million, with the 
interest rate and repayment schedule for each tranche to be determined by the CEB at the time of disbursement upon 
the Bank’s submission of a disbursement notice form to the CEB. The obligations under the CEB Loan has been 
guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury. As of 31 December 2020, €50 million was outstanding under the CEB Loan. 
Syndicated Loan. On 12 April 2021, the Bank, as borrower, and 45 different banks from 23 countries, as 
lenders, entered into a dual currency term loan agreement (the “Syndicated Loan”) in tranches for US$293 million 
and €873 million, maturing in 367 days. The interest rate under the Syndicated Loan is LIBOR plus 250 basis points 
and EURIBOR plus 225 basis points, respectively. The obligations under the Syndicated Loan are neither secured 
nor guaranteed. 
China Development Bank Loan. The Bank entered into a bilateral agreement with China Development 
Bank for a loan facility for the total amount of US$600 million. Of this, US$200 million had been utilised as of 
December 2017 and the balance of US$400 million was disbursed on 9 February 2018. US$200 million of this 
matured on 21 December 2020 and the balance matured (and was repaid) on 9 February 2021. 
Export-Import Bank of China Loan. On 11 March 2021, the Bank entered into a bilateral agreement with 
Export-Import Bank of China for a loan facility in tranches of US$320 million and RMB 500 million. The proceeds 
of this loan will be used for general trade finance purposes and, in particular, to support foreign trade between 
Turkey and China.

--- Page 134 ---
115 
In addition to deposits and money market borrowings, the Bank obtains financing (inter alia) through the issuance 
of securities (including under the Programme) and in syndicated and bilateral loans. For example, the Programme was 
established in May 2014 and the Bank has made the following significant issuances thereunder: US$750 million 4.25% notes 
due 2019 issued on 3 July 2014 (which notes were repaid upon their maturity), US$500 million 4.75% notes due 2021 issued 
on 29 April 2016, US$600 million 5.125% notes due 2022 issued on 3 May 2017 and US$500 million 5.125% notes due 
2023 issued on 27 September 2017. On 2 February 2021, the Bank issued its first sustainability bond (a Sustainability Bond 
under the Programme) for US$600 million at a 5.375% interest rate and due 2026. In addition, the Bank has issued notes 
under the Programme in a number of private placements for an aggregate amount of approximately US$46 million through 
31 December 2020, all of which has been redeemed to date. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, a total amount of 
approximately US$3,900 million is outstanding under the Programme. The Bank may issue, from time to time, additional 
Series of notes under the Programme, which (as permitted by the Programme) may be in any currency, with any tenor and 
with any interest rate and which issuances may be listed or unlisted. 
In August 2020, the Bank issued US$200 million of five year bonds outside of the Programme, which bonds are 
secured by certain project finance loans. 
Many of the Group’s financings include provisions permitting the applicable creditors to require the accelerated 
repayment of the applicable indebtedness, including as a result of a breach of a financial or other covenant or the occurrence 
of a change of control. The Group monitors its compliance with its obligations under its financing arrangements in order to 
seek to avoid any such acceleration. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management believes that the Bank’s and the Group’s liquidity is 
sufficient for its present requirements for at least the next 12 months after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Obligations under Repurchase Agreements 
The Group enters into repurchase transactions both directly with customers and through the Borsa İstanbul’s repo 
market and the Central Bank’s repo market. The Group views repurchase transactions as a meaningful source of short-term 
funds, particularly given the Group’s significant securities portfolio that may be used in such transactions. The following 
table sets out a breakdown of the Bank’s repurchase transactions as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL millions) 
Borsa İstanbul repo market................................ 
13,354,300 
23,558,000 
21,958,000 
Central Bank repo market.................................. 
41,719,082 
4,495,669 
69,906,981 
Takasbank money market .................................. 
690,212 
295,040 
105,424 
Banks (FX repos) .............................................. 
12,340,904 
20,400,486 
23,501,054 
Customers .......................................................... 
178,478 
441,630 
741,170 
Interest accrual .................................................. 
67,820 
84,585 
188,840 
Total ..........................................................
68,350,796 
49,275,410 
116,401,469 
Subordinated Liabilities 
On 24 April 2019, the Bank issued to a sub-fund of the Turkey Wealth Fund €1,400,000,000 of perpetual fixed rate 
resettable additional tier 1 notes under the Programme. The positive impact of this issuance on the Bank’s total capital 
adequacy ratios was approximately 206 basis points as of 31 December 2020. 
Guarantees and Other Contingent Liabilities 
The Group enters into certain financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business in 
order to meet the needs of its customers. These instruments, which include letters of guarantee, acceptance credits, letters of 
credit and other commitments and contingencies, involve varying degrees of credit risk and are not reflected in the Group’s 
balance sheet. The Group’s maximum exposure to credit losses for letters of guarantee and acceptance credits and letters of 
credit is represented by the contractual amount of these transactions. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire

--- Page 135 ---
116 
without being drawn upon, the total amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. See “Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and 
Contingencies.” 
Derivative Transactions 
Forward foreign exchange contracts are agreements to purchase or sell a specific quantity of a foreign currency or 
precious metals at an agreed-upon price with delivery and settlement on a specified future date. Such contracts include only 
deliverable contracts. Risks arise from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts and from 
movements in currency exchange rates. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s outstanding derivative transactions (e.g., spots, forwards, swaps, future rate 
agreements, options and forward agreements for gold trading) amounted to TL 3.5 billion, compared to TL 1.7 billion as of 
31 December 2019 and TL 1.6 billion as of 31 December 2018.

--- Page 136 ---
117 
THE GROUP AND ITS BUSINESS 
Overview of the Group 
In 1863 an organisation named “Homeland Funds” as established to support farmers, which was officially 
transformed into the Bank on 15 August 1888. The Bank was converted into a joint stock company under the laws of Turkey 
in 2000 and operates under the Banking Law. 
The Bank is a full service commercial and retail banking group historically focused on the agricultural sector, and 
provides a broad range of products and services to more than 36 million corporate, SME, retail and international customers 
across Turkey and select international markets. The Bank’s name has been associated with agriculture in Turkey since 1863. 
The Bank has been a consistent source of financial support for agriculture in Turkey throughout its history and has played a 
substantial role in both the development and the modernisation of the Turkish agricultural sector. Agriculture remains one of 
the core sectors of the Bank’s focus today, although the Bank has, since its establishment, also expanded its business into 
additional sectors. 
The Bank offers its products and services to its customers through an international branch network, which as of 
31 December 2020 included 1,728 domestic branches and 24 foreign branches (the largest international service network of 
any Turkish bank according to data published by the Banks Association of Turkey). The Bank also has subsidiary, other 
affiliate and joint venture operations in Germany, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan, 
Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Georgia and Russia. The Bank’s network includes six subsidiaries in Turkey focused on pension 
portfolio management, securities brokerage, Islamic banking, real estate investment, venture capital investment and 
information technology to complement its core banking business. The two foreign subsidiaries of the Bank, Ziraat Bank 
Montenegro AD and Ziraat Bank Azerbaijan ASC, launched their banking operations in July 2015. The Bank opened a 
branch in Pristina/Kosovo in June 2015. In addition, the Bank established a participation bank, Ziraat Participation Bank, on 
29 May 2015 to engage in banking activities in accordance with Islamic principles. 
On 18 July 2016, the Bank’s Marneuli-Georgia sub-branch started its operations. On 19 September 2016, the Sanski 
Most branch of the Bank’s subsidiary Ziraat Bank BH d.d. started its operations. On 1 November 2016, the Bank established 
Ziraat Real Estate Investment Trust, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank. On 28 November 2016, the Bank’s Bahrain 
branch started its operations and, in 2017, the branch operations in Georgia were merged under a new subsidiary bank, JSC 
Ziraat Bank Georgia, which is wholly owned by the Bank. In December 2017, the Bank became the sole shareholder of 
UTBANK, which is now operating under the name of Ziraat Bank Uzbekistan JSC. 
The Bank established a venture capital subsidiary in November 2018 (Ziraat Girişim Sermayesi Yatırım 
Ortaklığı A.Ş.) with TL 750 million of initial capital. 
Ziraat Finansal Kiralama A.Ş. (which was engaged primarily in the financial leasing of agricultural machinery, was 
established in Turkey in 1991 and was 100% controlled by the Bank) was merged into Ziraat Participation Bank on 1 March 
2019, reflecting the Group’s strategy to improve efficiency by consolidating Group entities that are engaged in similar 
businesses. 
In 2020, the Bank acquired 33.34% of the shares of Bileşim Finansal Teknolojiler ve Ödeme Sistemleri A.Ş. from 
Halkbank as part of Turkey’s “ATM Centre Project,” which aims to achieve common ATM services to be provided by state 
banks. Additionally in 2020, the shares held by the Bank in Türkiye Sigorta A.Ş. (representing 99.97% of its share capital as 
of such date) and Ziraat Hayat ve Emeklilik A.Ş. (representing 99.97% of its share capital as of such date) were transferred 
by the Bank to TVF Finansal Yatırımlar A.Ş. within the context of the consolidation of the state-owned insurance and life 
and private pension companies. 
According to the Banks Association of Turkey and financial statements of Turkish banks, as of 31 December 2020, 
the Bank was the largest bank, and the largest state-owned bank, in Turkey in terms of total assets (TL 942.6 billion), total 
deposits (TL 629.9 billion) and number of branches (1,752). As of the same date, the Bank had 24,673 employees. 
According to data published by the BRSA, the Bank’s market share in Turkey in loans and assets was 15.6% and 
15.4%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020. As of such date and according to data published by the BRSA, the Bank had a

--- Page 137 ---
118 
17.4% market share in the deposit market in Turkey, with total deposits of TL 629.9 billion, representing 66.8% of the 
Bank’s total liabilities, and it was the largest bank in Turkey in terms of Turkish Lira deposits (18.8% market share). The 
Bank had a loans (net) to total deposits ratio (including deposits from banks and from customers) of 92.4% as of 
31 December 2020 (97.3% and 112.0%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019 and 2018). 
For 2020, the Bank’s ROE and return on assets were 9.6% and 1.0%, respectively, as compared to 9.7% and 1.0%, 
respectively, for 2019 and 15.2% and 1.6%, respectively, for 2018, while the corresponding rates of return for the Turkish 
banking sector were 11.6% and 1.1%, respectively, in 2020, 11.5% and 1.2%, respectively, in 2019 and 14.8% and 1.5%, 
respectively, in 2018. 
Many public institutions in Turkey are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, obliged by law to keep their cash in 
accounts at the Central Bank, the Bank, Halkbank or Vakıfbank. The Bank’s management believes that the Bank provides 
such institutions with banking services that are competitive in both price and quality when compared to the private sector 
banks and that it enjoys well-established relationships with these enterprises. 
Business Divisions - Overview 
The Bank operates through five principal business divisions: SME Banking, Corporate Banking, Retail Banking, 
Treasury-Investment Banking and International Banking, each of which is briefly described below. 
SME Banking. The Bank’s SME Banking operations focus on micro and midcap SMEs and, as of 31 December 
2020, the Bank had 65 SME branches. The principal products and services provided by the Bank to SMEs include deposits, 
investment and working capital loans, non-cash loans (e.g., guarantees and letters of credit), treasury products and cash 
management services. As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s loans (net) to SME borrowers comprised 37.3% of its total loans 
(net) and deposits from SME customers comprised 23.9% of the Bank’s total deposits from customers. The Bank had 
approximately 4.5 million SME customers (defined by the Bank as a business with annual turnover of less than TL 200 
million) as of 31 December 2020. 
Corporate Banking. The Bank’s Corporate Banking operations provide corporate customers with cash and non-cash 
loans, financial services related to import and export transactions, trade finance, project finance, treasury management 
services, international banking services, financial intermediary services and asset management services. As of 31 December 
2020, the Bank had 19 corporate branches. As of the same date, deposits from corporate customers comprised 21.2% of the 
Bank’s total deposits from customers and total loans from corporate customers amounted to TL 185.3 billion, which 
comprised 34.3% of the Bank’s total loans (net). 
Retail Banking. The Bank’s Retail Banking operations offer a broad range of retail banking and financial services to 
its retail customers, including retail loans (including housing and automobile loans), deposit banking, debit card and credit 
card services, payroll accounts, investment accounts, utility and other payment systems. As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s 
total savings deposits (which largely represents deposits from retail customers) represented 26.9% of total deposits and 
amounted to TL 169.4 billion as of such date. As of such date, the Bank’s retail loans represented 29.6% of its total loans 
(net) and the Bank had over 36 million retail customers. 
Treasury-Investment Banking. The Bank’s Treasury-Investment Banking division’s key role is to manage the Bank’s 
assets and liabilities, funding, liquidity risk and trade finance transactions. The Treasury-Investment Banking division, 
including its branches and subsidiaries both local and abroad, centralises the Bank’s asset and liability management 
operations, trading (both customer driven and proprietary) and fixed income portfolio management. Although the Bank’s 
treasury management activities are primarily focused on asset and liability management, the Financial Markets Department 
also generates profits through proprietary trading in foreign exchange and fixed income securities markets. The Bank is also 
one of the 11 primary dealers (market makers) of Turkish government bonds and bills. Investment banking operations and 
asset management of mutual and pension funds are conducted by Ziraat Portföy Yönetim A.Ş. 
International Banking. The Bank’s International Banking operations provide letters of credit, letters of guarantee, 
export and import financing and structured trade financing products, and also support customers in the area of medium and 
long-term capital goods financing under the export credit agency insurance schemes offered by many countries. The Bank’s 
International Banking operations are performed through its 24 foreign branches, one representative office and nine equity

--- Page 138 ---
119 
investments abroad, which (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) numbers 113 service points in total. The foreign branches 
and sub-branches operated by the Bank are located in the United Kingdom, Iraq, Greece, Saudi Arabia, Bulgaria, Kosovo, 
Bahrain and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus. The Bank also has a representative office in Tehran, Iran that is 
dormant as of the date of this Base Prospectus and does not conduct, and is not authorised to conduct, any lending or deposit 
taking activities or money transfer activities. The Bank also serves its international customers through its subsidiaries in 
Germany, Russia, Georgia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan. 
Strengths 
The Bank’s management believes that the Group has a number of key strengths that enable the Group to compete 
effectively in the Turkish banking sector. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management sees these key 
strengths as being: 
Well-established nationwide franchise, including in underbanked areas, in a growing Turkish market. With a 
population of approximately 84 million in 2020, Turkey is the largest European country by population, and its population 
continues to grow, with approximately 47% of the population below the age of 30 as of 31 December 2020. According to 
Turkstat, in 2020 Turkey had 0.6% population growth (compared to the EU average of 0.2% for the same year according to 
Eurostat). Turkish GDP grew 2.8% in 2018, 0.9% in 2019 and 1.8% in 2020. According to data published by the BRSA, the 
Turkish banking sector also grew, with a 36.0% increase in total banking assets, a 34.7% increase in loans and a 34.6% 
increase in deposits for 2020 (16.1%, 11.5% and 24.2%, respectively, in 2019 and 18.7%, 14.1% and 19.6%, respectively, in 
2018). 
The Bank is the largest domestic Turkish state-owned bank in terms of total assets and had an extensive network of 
1,728 domestic branches as of 31 December 2020. The Bank’s historic ties to the agricultural sector have provided a platform 
to penetrate underbanked (i.e., those areas with poor access to mainstream financial services and that rely upon 
non-traditional forms of finance and micro-finance) rural areas of the country, and the Bank is the sole bank providing 
services to customers in about 400 sub-provinces in Turkey. The Bank’s senior management believes that the growth 
prospects of the Turkish banking market will benefit from the currently low levels of banking penetration, as Turkey’s loan to 
GDP ratio in 2020 was approximately 73.7%. The Bank’s senior management believes that the Bank’s strong presence in 
underbanked parts of Turkey, together with its focus on further expanding its branch network in industry centres and major 
cities of Turkey to improve the Bank’s access to corporate and SME customers will enable it to capitalise on this growth. 
Leading agricultural banking franchise. The Bank’s name has been associated with agriculture in Turkey since 
1863, affording it a deep track record of experience and know-how in the agricultural sector. Agricultural loans as a share of 
the Bank’s loan book were 13.9% as of 31 December 2020 (15.2% and 17.2%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019 and 
2018). This experience gives the Bank significant insight into its agricultural customers’ needs, enabling it to develop 
tailor-made product offerings for its customers in this sector such as Bankkart Başak – Agricultural Credit Practice (ACP), a 
bank card through which demand deposit accounts and agricultural loan accounts can be linked. In addition, the Bank is the 
sole bank distributing Turkish government subsidised agricultural loans, which covers the borrower’s interest costs (77.4% of 
the Bank’s agricultural loans benefit from these subsidies as of 31 December 2020). The Bank also plays an intermediary role 
for certain public funds that are distributed to the agricultural sector, for which the Bank receives fees and commissions 
income but does not bear any repayment risk. These loans accounted for 1.9% of the Bank’s agricultural loan book as of 
31 December 2020. The Bank’s senior management believes that this, combined with its strong sector knowledge and 
extensive tailor-made product offerings, contributes to the Bank’s low NPL ratio for agricultural loans and low overall NPL 
ratio, which were 1.6% and 2.3%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020. Agriculture accounted for 6.6% of Turkish GDP in 
2020 and, as of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s share of the market for agricultural loans was 61.0% according to data 
published by the BRSA. 
Strong funding structure benefiting from state ownership and expansive franchise. As the largest bank in Turkey in 
terms of total deposits according to the BRSA, the Bank has a strong, stable and well-diversified core deposit base, with total 
deposits of TL 629.9 billion as of 31 December 2020, representing 66.8% of its total liabilities as of the same date. As of 
such date, the Bank’s core deposit ratio was 95.8% and 31.5% of total deposits were demand deposits that do not pay interest 
and the Bank’s loans (net) to total deposits ratio was 92.4%. The Bank’s senior management believes that the Bank’s balance 
sheet offers a strong opportunity to leverage further growth in loans (net). State ownership provides the Bank with a 
competitive advantage over certain of its competitors in respect of deposits from Turkish public institutions, as the Bank is 
one of only three deposit banks that are qualified to hold deposits from public bodies under current regulations. Deposits

--- Page 139 ---
120 
(excluding interest accruals) from Turkish public institutions amounted to TL 80.4 billion as of 31 December 2020, 
accounting for 15.1% of the Bank’s total deposits excluding deposits with foreign branches and interest accruals. 
Experienced management team. The Bank has a highly-experienced management team with significant experience 
at the Bank and in the banking industry generally. Such personnel have a proven track record in the Turkish banking sector, 
particularly in restructuring and repositioning entities in the sector, and senior management believes that the combined 
experience of the Bank’s management team will enable it to successfully implement the measures the Bank is taking to 
transform its business and support its focus on sustainable and profitable growth. 
High asset quality, prudent risk management and solid credit policies and procedures. Senior management believes 
that proper and well-functioning evaluation and assessment with a specific focus on control of risk is critical to the Bank’s 
success. Therefore, the Bank has been strengthening its balance sheet by diversifying its asset base, with a prudent approach 
on credit concentration in its cash and non-cash portfolios. The Bank has developed its risk management and monitoring 
platforms to enable it to identify and closely measure, monitor and manage the various risks inherent in its loan portfolio. The 
Bank’s risk management policies are consistently being revised and updated based upon its analysis of new market trends and 
risks, in line with best market practices. The Bank has never sold to third parties any of its NPLs, and, with an average 
collection period of NPLs of approximately three years, the Bank’s senior management believes that the Bank has strong 
collection capabilities. The Bank’s NPL ratio was 2.3% as of 31 December 2020, decreasing from 2.8% as of 31 December 
2019, which itself increased from 2.0% as of 31 December 2018, but remaining below the sector average. 
Advantages of being a State-Controlled Bank. The Bank’s management believes that the Group has a number of 
advantages arising from its relationship with the Turkish state. These advantages include: 
• 
an ownership structure that provides the stability of a state-controlled entity as well as the flexibility of a private 
sector institution, 
• 
preferential access to subordinated debt or capital from the Turkish state; it being understood that there is no 
commitment on the part of the Turkish state to provide any such amounts, 
• 
lower cost and more reliable funding from state-controlled entity deposits, and 
• 
state-guaranteed special multinational borrowings from the World Bank, the EIB, KfW, the AFD and the CEB, 
which borrowings are unconditionally guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury.
Strategy 
The Group’s overall strategic objective is to continue to improve its business through: 
Being a pioneer in the sector with a customer-oriented robust balance sheet and business model 
The Group seeks to maintain a customer-oriented balance sheet, proactively managing credit quality through 
effective credit processes and prioritising effective use of funding sources and cost control. The Group aims to engage in 
interactions with customers in line with customer expectations and habits, constantly seeking to improve its customer-
oriented business model. 
The Bank’s senior management believes that the Bank, being one of the most prominent participants in the industry, 
having a strong financial structure and significant experience and having provided funding to all segments of the Turkish 
economy, is widely recognised as having created significant value for, and being one of the greatest supporters of, Turkey’s 
development since the Bank’s inception. For example, during periods of relatively high inflation in Turkey, the Bank has 
designed and offered its customers new banking products to manage inflation, such as inflation-indexed housing loans and 
inflation-indexed and inflation-protected deposit products. In addition, the Bank enjoys strong brand recognition and long-
standing relationships with its customers, which can be strengthened with a more customer-oriented approach. As such, the 
Bank has segmented its customer base to help it better understand the needs of its customers and to develop revenue 
opportunities by continuing to provide bespoke solutions to meet the evolving needs of customers. This approach involves 
continuously reviewing and developing products and service offerings to complement the Bank’s core banking products and

--- Page 140 ---
121 
primarily targeting SMEs and midcap corporates. Using its big data and behaviour analysis tools, the Bank analyses its 
extensive database of retail and other customers for the credibility of the customers both within and outside the Bank. In 
particular, the Bank analyses the past and potential future financial behaviour and preferences of its customers with an aim of 
offering them optimal products and services. With a better understanding of its large customer base, the Bank’s senior 
management believes that there is scope for the Bank to cross-sell other core banking products and promote the use of 
alternative delivery channels to these customers. In addition, the Bank’s senior management believes that this deeper 
understanding will enable the Bank to better tailor its products and services to increase its competitive advantages. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s cross-selling ratio for retail customers (a rate of the Bank’s different products 
usage per customer in retail banking) was 3.1, and the Bank intends to introduce new product offerings to the market through 
focused cross-selling efforts to increase revenues and maintain sustainable growth. The Bank intends to increase its loan 
portfolio through cross-selling activities to its existing customer base and through new customer acquisition. The Bank has 
reorganised its branch network and head office to enhance its competitiveness and is implementing customer-oriented 
marketing policies to further increase its loan portfolio under the auspices of its established, prudent credit policies and 
procedures. 
Providing banking services for everyone as the bank for all of Turkey 
The Bank considers its products and services through the principle of financial inclusion, offering high quality 
products and services to all segments of Turkey. Although the Bank is (as of 31 December 2020) already the largest bank in 
Turkey in terms of total assets, the Bank’s senior management believes that an increased focus on the customer will allow the 
Bank to continue to grow and support the development of the Turkish economy. This enhanced focus will allow the Bank to 
improve its efficient financial intermediation (exercised through its extensive branch network and industry know-how) by 
utilising deposits to fund loans to SMEs and other customers, including during times of increased volatility in the markets 
and slow growth (or even declines) in economic activity. 
In 2020, which was a challenging year due to COVID-19 pandemic, the Bank focused on providing support for the 
urgent needs of its customers through differentiated loan facilities, particularly for retail and SME customers. For example, in 
line with the Turkish government’s measures to contribute to the revival of the economy, the Bank launched several loan 
facilities for both its retail and corporate customers, such as loans for personal basic needs, loans for business continuity and 
protection of employment and financing lines for the most negatively impacted sectors (such as tourism and other service 
industries). 
With its strong association with the agricultural sector in Turkey, the Bank is uniquely positioned to leverage its 
extensive experience and know-how, well-established national franchise and long-standing relationships with its agricultural 
customers to enhance its leading position in the agricultural sector and continue focusing on activities with higher added 
value. The Bank aims to achieve this through a continued focus on tailor-made product offerings and superior service quality. 
Agriculture is one of the core sectors of focus for the Bank, which focus runs throughout its business divisions. 
In addition to its traditional role of lending to individual producers, the Bank has been focusing on industrial 
agricultural loans in order to better harness the sector’s potential. The Bank aims to increase its market share in each 
agricultural customer segment, with a specific focus on SMEs and midcap corporates. The Bank’s senior management 
believes that this focus on SMEs and midcap corporates is a natural extension of its more traditional agricultural sector 
lending and provides the Bank with better yield opportunities. The Bank aims to implement this strategy by using in 
particular its extensive branch network and industry know-how to expand its customer base to SMEs and midcap corporates 
that have business operations in various aspects of the agricultural sector such as food processing, the export and import 
business and manufacturing. In line with its business model, the Bank does not classify agriculture as a separate business 
segment but as a specific sector. 
The Bank has launched various projects to contribute to sustainable agriculture, including opening a Young 
Farmers’ Academy in cooperation with universities in order to increase the involvement of Turkey’s youth in agriculture. To 
this end, the Bank has assisted in the education of farmers by providing free training in the fields of agricultural production 
and investment and has helped the spread of entrepreneurship awareness in the field of agriculture among young people. In 
addition, to encourage agricultural production and support regional development throughout Turkey, the Bank launched the 
“I Have a Flock of Reasons to Live in My Village” project to support producers to preserve and enlarge their existing 
capacities and increase the appeal of the agricultural business.

--- Page 141 ---
122 
Providing digital solutions to customers by using advanced technologies 
The Bank seeks to enhance its productivity and provide digital solutions to customers with advanced technology-
based investments. By this strategy, the Bank intends to focus on maintaining its profitability and cost controls while 
increasing market share in lending and other banking products. The Bank aims to increase net profit through increased 
operational efficiency and cost control initiatives, including through measures such as continuing to focus on digital channels 
and outsourcing certain functions. As an example of the increasing importance of digital solutions, between 31 December 
2015 and 31 December 2020, the percentage of the number of all customer transactions processed by the Bank through its 
digital network increased from 82% to 92%. During 2020, the distribution of customer transactions by type of digital 
channels was 39.9% via ATMs, 37.9% via mobile banking, 9.0% via automatic payment orders, 7.9% in branches and 5.4% 
via internet banking. 
The Bank is committed to achieving effectiveness of all critical processes, particularly in credit and risk 
management, and to improving productivity in all business divisions by means of product diversity, transaction system 
security, high-quality service and competitive pricing. To support these goals, the Bank has been investing in technology, 
both with its own funds and through its subsidiaries, to reduce transaction and operation costs (including an upgrade to its 
core banking application platform) and to improve its already strong capabilities in alternative delivery channels such as call 
centre banking, internet banking, ATMs and mobile branches. As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had 7,274 ATMs, 
representing 13.8% of the total ATMs in Turkey according to Interbank Card Centre (in Turkish: Bankalararası Kart 
Merkezi). In addition, the Bank’s customers can use the ATMs of other Turkish banks. 
In 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic, the Bank introduced a large number of digital solutions to protect its 
customers and employees by minimising the need to visit branches. In this context, projects to digitise branch processes and 
make digital channels more effective have accelerated. For instance, most new retail loans during 2020 were granted by using 
digital channels. 
There are over 400 transactions that can be done through the Bank’s digital channels. The mobile application “Ziraat 
Mobil” was improved by providing access through biometric data in Turkey’s national identity cards and by providing fast 
and easy money transfer options. In 2020, the number of customers with digital banking access was approximately 
24 million, of which 14 million were active digital banking customers. In addition, the Bank had 4.8 million customers who 
utilised the Bank’s internet banking at least once during 2020 and 15.9 million customers who utilised the Bank’s mobile 
banking platform at least once during 2020, collectively executing more than 569 million financial transactions in 2020. 
Providing an excellent customer and employee experience by consistently improving processes 
In order to provide excellent experiences to both its customers and employees, the Bank is advancing several 
projects that seek to centralise, improve and automatise the Bank’s operational processes. For example, the Bank has enabled 
its employees to use mobile platforms to access business-related applications and documentation, including to access various 
financial data and make emergency notifications, which has been of particular relevance during the disruptions caused by the 
COVID-19 pandemic. In order to simplify the existing banking applications and to enable the Bank’s employees to access 
necessary information easily and quickly, user-friendly interfaces are continuously being improved and interfaces with 
similar functions are being combined to minimise redundancy and complexity. 
The Bank’s senior management believes that the increase in technological developments, the continuing 
digitalisation of business processes and the changing expectations of customers and employees require new designs to the 
Bank’s systems and processes. In this context, the Bank will continue to invest in digitalisation to transform its processes into 
a more flexible structure that can more quickly respond to changing needs in order to enhance employee and customer 
satisfaction. 
Contributing to employee development and loyalty with learning organisation principles and investments in human 
resources 
As the Bank’s employees are its more valuable assets, the Bank provides opportunities for its employees to continue 
to develop their skills through training opportunities and competency and quantitative performance evaluation processes. For 
example, the Bank allocated resources to provide an average of 30 hours of training per employee during 2020 to support

--- Page 142 ---
123 
their professional and personal development. In addition, the Bank aims to increase employee motivation and corporate 
loyalty by constantly improving human resources practices and fostering a working environment that enables new 
information to be acquired, shared and integrated into business processes. To increase employees’ sense of involvement, the 
Bank seeks to enable employees to take an active role in identifying and solving business-related problems in order to 
achieve individual and corporate goals. 
To monitor the Bank’s success towards these goals, employee satisfaction surveys are conducted to monitor the 
satisfaction level of the Bank’s employees and identify the factors affecting this level, the results of which surveys inform the 
Bank’s development of short- and long-term action plans. The Bank has also implemented the “People Analytic,” which is an 
application that monitors and evaluates employee behaviour and attitudes within the framework of pre-determined rules and 
criteria in order to assist employees to manage their career in the most effective way in accordance with their talents, 
experience, knowledge, motivation level and desires. The results of this project have been used to improve the Bank’s 
training materials and to enable better deployment of employees in accordance with their abilities and preferences. 
Maximising customer satisfaction by producing integrated financial solutions in all countries in which the Group 
operates 
The Bank develops integrated solutions with its domestic and foreign subsidiaries in order to meet the financial 
needs of the Group’s customers, seeking to offer these solutions to customers in the most efficient way by taking advantage 
of economies of scale provided by being an integrated financial group. In doing so, the Bank seeks to ensure that all the 
members of the Group provide services with comparable quality within the same business model, which model is 
continuously developed on a Group-wide basis. 
Within Turkey, the Bank has domestic subsidiaries engaged in portfolio management, securities brokerage, real 
estate investment and information technology, among others. With the breadth of this offering, the Bank’s senior 
management believes that the Group is well positioned to address the needs of its different customer groups with tailor-made 
products and services through an efficient and focused marketing strategy with the aim of establishing and further improving 
long-lasting customer relationships. Outside of Turkey, the Bank (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) operates 
24 branches, one representative office and nine international banking subsidiaries and is present in 18 countries, which is the 
largest international service network of any Turkish bank. The Group seeks to use this international footprint to grow its 
share of foreign trade financing and maintain the competitive advantage provided by this geographical scope. 
As part of its strategy, the Bank aims to: (a) continue to improve its global points of service in order to integrate 
products and services of local units through a more customer- and marketing-oriented business model, (b) increase efficiency 
and profitability in the countries in which it operates, (c) contribute to the development of commercial and economic 
relations between Turkey and the host countries, (d) as note above, acquire a higher share of foreign trade financing and 
channel trade transactions to the Bank, (e) ensure that the Bank’s global points of service offer timely and efficient service to 
their customers, particularly Turkish entrepreneurs and companies and (f) add value both to the Turkish economy and the 
economies of other countries in which the Bank operates. In addition, one of the aims of the Bank is not only to ensure that 
other members of the Group comply with local and sectoral laws but also that they increasingly adapt to the Bank’s standards 
(e.g., with respect to IT infrastructure, human resources management, operations, marketing and loan policies, distribution 
channel enhancement, organisational structuring, data security and strategic governance), thereby increasing the effectiveness 
and synergy of the Group. 
Integrating environmental and social risk governance principles into the Group’s business model 
In line with the Bank’s sustainability policy (first adopted in 2014), the Group aims to create added value through 
the implementation of banking principles that respect people and the environment. Pursuant to this policy, the Bank carries 
out coordinated financial, operational, environmental and social efforts that seek to enhance the productivity of both the 
Group and its customers. The Bank has a dedicated sustainability team operating in order to approach environmental, social 
and governance matters in a holistic way and to follow national and international best practices in these area. 
The Bank seeks to further intertwine its sustainability principles into its business models. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Bank is developing a Bank-wide “Environmental and Social Risk Management System” in collaboration with 
an independent advisory firm, which system is intended to incorporate the Bank’s sustainability approach into its operations 
and lending policies. The system’s contents are planned to include a number of modules dealing with different aspects of

--- Page 143 ---
124 
environmental and social risk management. As further described in “Use of Proceeds,” the Bank has also developed the 
Sustainable Finance Framework with respect to its raising and deployment of green, social and sustainable funds. 
History 
Officially established in 1888, the Bank traces its roots back to 1863 when an Ottoman governor helped form an 
organisation called “Homeland Funds” under the auspices of the state, which used funds collected by farmers to provide 
mutual assistance in the agricultural community. By 1883, the “Homeland Funds” had been reorganised as “Benefit Funds,” 
with control in the hands of the central government. On 15 August 1888, the Bank was established to undertake the 
operations of the Benefit Funds and the Benefit Funds were transformed into branches. 
In 1923, with the declaration of the Republic of Turkey, the Bank began to expand its operational services, and 
started to provide services to customers across Turkey and particularly to farmers. In this process, the mission of the Bank 
was not limited to the agricultural sector, although the Bank continued to help foster the development of the agricultural 
sector in Turkey. 
Branches in Cyprus and an agency office in Hamburg, Germany were opened in 1975. By 1977, the increase in the 
Bank’s branches necessitated a change in its administration, and a number of regional directorates were established to more 
closely monitor operations and ensure that corporate decisions were effectively implemented in its various branches. The 
Bank continued to expand internationally and by 1983 five further agency offices (in Duisburg, Berlin, Munich, Stuttgart and 
Rotterdam) were opened in Germany and the New York and London agencies became branch offices in 1983 and 1987, 
respectively. In 1988, according to the ranking of Euromoney, the Bank ranked 452nd by equity size among the top 500 
banks. During this time, the Bank opened Turkey’s first Bank Museum (in its head office building Ulus-Ankara) and founded 
a banking school. 
In the 1990s, the Bank continued its international expansion. In 1993 Ziraat Bank (Moscow) CJSC, 
Kazakhstan-Ziraat International Bank (“KZI Bank”), Turkmen Turkish Commercial Bank (“TTJSC Bank”) and Ziraat Bank 
Uzbekistan JSC (formerly UTBANK JSC) commenced operations. According to the rankings of Euromoney, the Bank 
ranked 202nd in 1993 by equity size among the top 500 banks, while it was ranked 41st by net profit and first by ROE. By 
1999, the Bank had 21 subsidiaries. 
Law No. 4603 regarding the “Law on Türkiye Cumhuriyeti Ziraat Bankası A.Ş., Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş. and 
Türkiye Emlak Bankası A.Ş.” published in the Official Gazette dated 25 November 2000 and numbered 24241 was prepared 
within the framework of the macroeconomic programme between 2000 and 2002. While this law regulates the terms of the 
restructuring of these state-owned banks, the purposes of the law were to modernise the operations of the three banks so that 
they meet the requirements of international banking practice and competition and to enable the sale of the majority of the 
banks’ shares to individuals or legal entities in the private sector. 
With the enactment of this law the Bank was transformed into a joint-stock company, and the restructuring of the 
Bank’s organisational structure and operations began in 2001. Within the scope of the restructuring plan and the provisions of 
Law No. 4603, Emlak Bank was closed and merged into the Bank. In addition, the Bank opened branches in Greece, Iraq and 
Saudi Arabia to strengthen its presence in the Balkans and the Middle East and by 2013 the number of countries in which it 
provided services with a subsidiary or a branch reached 16. 
Mr. Hüseyin Aydın was appointed as CEO of the Bank in 2011 and a restructuring period started to transform the 
Bank’s business model. 
In 2013, the Bank celebrated its 150th year in business, and in 2014 the Bank continued its progress of transition and 
transformation under the motto “Together to a Better Future.” In 2015, the Bank established its participation bank subsidiary, 
Ziraat Participation Bank. The Bank enhanced its foreign network and launched operations in Pristina/Kosovo, Azerbaijan 
and Montenegro. The Transformation Project that started in 2011 was completed by 2015. It also launched operations in 
Bahrain and established a real estate investment trust, Ziraat GYO, during 2016. The Bank’s branch operations in Georgia 
were merged under a new subsidiary bank, JSC Ziraat Bank Georgia, which became wholly owned by the Bank at that time. 
In December 2017, the Bank became the sole shareholder of UTBANK, which is now operating under the name of Ziraat 
Bank Uzbekistan JSC.

--- Page 144 ---
125 
In 2018, the Bank established Ziraat Venture Capital Investment Partnership, which seeks to participate in initiatives 
that have growth potential and provide opportunities to improve the corporate and strategic framework of such initiatives, and 
the Young Farmers Academy project to attract the interest of Turkey’s youth to farming and teach them agricultural 
production and investment knowhow. In 2019, asset management companies owned by government-owned banks were 
consolidated under the Bank’s subsidiary Ziraat Portföy Yönetim A.Ş. whereas, in 2020, the insurance and life and private 
pension companies of such banks (including the Bank’s subsidiaries Ziraat Sigorta A.Ş. and Ziraat Hayat ve Emeklilik A.Ş.) 
were consolidated into TVF Finansal Yatırımlar A.Ş, a subsidiary of the Turkey Wealth Fund. Also in 2020, the paid in 
capital of the Bank was increased to TL 13.1 billion from TL 6.1 billion and the Bank prepared and published the Sustainable 
Finance Framework, which enabled the Bank to access sustainable finance investors such as through the five-year US$600 
million in bonds issued under the Programme in early 2021.
Ownership and Capital Structure 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the authorised share capital of the bank consists of 13,100,000,000 shares at a 
par value of TL 1 per share and all of the shares are currently held by the Turkey Wealth Fund managed by the TWFM 
Company. The TWFM Company was established, as promulgated by legislation published in the Official Gazette dated 
26 August 2016, with the objective of launching and managing the Turkey Wealth Fund in order to contribute to the product 
diversity and depth of capital markets, generate external funding, participate in large scale, strategic investments, bring 
government funds into the economy and contribute to investor confidence in the markets. The Bank’s share capital was 
transferred from the Turkish Treasury to the Turkey Wealth Fund managed by the TWFM Company in 2017. The TWFM 
Company operates under the Turkish Presidency as a state-owned entity pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 1 dated 10 July 
2018 published in the Official Gazette. According to the related legislation of the TWFM Company, the Turkey Wealth Fund 
is aimed to manage public assets more efficiently, to generate external funding and to participate in large-scale strategic 
investments.  
On 13 August 2018, the Bank’s General Assembly approved the increase of the Bank’s paid-up share capital from 
TL 5,600 million to TL 6,100 million, which increase was funded from the Turkish Treasury. The funds obtained from the 
capital increase were used to fund the Bank’s capital commitment to its participation bank subsidiary Ziraat Participation 
Bank. On 15 May 2020, the Bank’s General Assembly approved the increase of the Bank’s paid-up share capital from 
TL 6,100 million to TL 13,100 million, which increase was funded by the Turkey Wealth Fund. 
Competition and Market Trends 
Although the banking industry in Turkey is highly competitive, the Bank’s management believes that the Group is 
well-positioned to compete in this environment due to its extensive distribution network, large customer base and strengths in 
retail banking. The banking sector in Turkey has gradually consolidated since 2001 through the elimination of financially 
weak banks, which has resulted in a more focused competitive environment. Through early 2018, the healthier operating 
environment, the high growth potential in the banking sector and the closer relationship with the EU led to increased foreign 
strategic interest in the Turkish banking sector. 
As of 31 December 2020, there were 48 banks (including domestic and foreign banks but excluding the Central 
Bank) operating in Turkey compared to 61 in 2001. The decline in the number of banks is principally due to the significant 
consolidation in the Turkish banking industry in the early to mid 2000s, the takeovers of many failed banks by the SDIF and 
the stricter requirements set by the BRSA on capital adequacy, provisioning, maximum single-counterparty exposure, 
accounting, information disclosure and foreign exchange position. The private commercial banks in Turkey can be divided 
into four groups: large local banks, medium-sized local banks, banks under foreign ownership and smaller local banks. See 
“The Turkish Banking Sector” below.  
The Bank’s main competitors are Vakıfbank, Halkbank, Türkiye İş Bankası A.Ş. (“İşbank”), Türkiye Garanti 
Bankası A.Ş. (“Garanti”) and Halkbank and, to a lesser extent, Akbank T.A.Ş. (“Akbank”) and Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. 
(“Yapı Kredi Bank”). The principal measures of the Bank’s performance compared to these other banks include growth in 
lending, total assets, profitability and deposits. According to the BRSA, the Bank’s market share in total assets was 15.4% 
and its lending market share was 15.6% as of 31 December 2020. The Bank’s management believes that the Bank has not yet 
fully tapped its existing customer base and therefore cross-selling is a key element in its growth strategy, and also believes 
that the Bank has the opportunity to add new customers as its branch network expands.

--- Page 145 ---
126 
The Bank’s management believes that there is a high growth potential in the retail banking sector. According to the 
BRSA, the sector experienced strong retail loan growth, including retail credit card loans, in 2019 and 2020 but a more muted 
increase in 2018, increasing approximately 3.2% in 2018, 15.9% in 2019 and 40.4% in 2020. Continued retail loan growth in 
the country is anticipated by the Bank’s management due to Turkey’s young population and increasing real wages. Overall 
consumer indebtedness is still very low, although Turkey has a well-developed credit card market. There is also significant 
potential for growth in mortgage lending in Turkey, where the total amount of mortgage loans as a percentage of GDP was 
only 5.5% as of 31 December 2020 (5.1% as of both 31 December 2018 and 2019) according to the BRSA. The use of 
floating rate loans allows banks to respond to customer demands for long-term residential mortgages and presents a 
significant growth opportunity; however, restrictions on a bank’s ability to lend foreign currency-denominated mortgages 
make residential mortgages marginally less attractive to certain borrowers due to the higher Turkish Lira interest rates. 
Banking Divisions 
The Bank has five principal business divisions: SME Banking, Corporate Banking, Retail Banking, Treasury-
Investment Banking and International Banking. In addition, the Bank through its subsidiaries, other associates and joint 
ventures provides, among other services, insurance, leasing, pension, portfolio management, securities brokerage, Islamic 
banking and information technology to complement its core banking business. In line with its business model, the Bank does 
not classify agriculture as a separate business segment but as a specific sector focus that runs through the Bank’s business 
divisions, particularly SME and corporate banking. 
Overview of Agricultural Sector Focus 
General 
The Bank’s name has been associated with agriculture and farming in Turkey since 1863, and farmers and those 
operating in the agricultural industry remain one of the significant elements of the Bank’s customer base today. The Bank’s 
senior management believes that the agricultural sector remains a significant component of the Bank’s strategy and that the 
agricultural sector still requires a greater number of well-structured products and services to enable the continual growth of 
the agricultural industry in Turkey. The Bank’s principal products and services provided to agricultural sector clients include 
working-capital and investment loans, payment services, non-cash loans (i.e., guarantees and letters of credit), treasury 
products and cash management services. The Bank is the sole bank distributing Turkish government subsidised agricultural 
loans that senior management believes brings valuable know-how, experience and long-standing relationships with 
customers. As a natural extension of its more traditional agricultural sector lending, the Bank has been focusing on industrial 
agricultural loans to benefit from better yield opportunities and to address the value chain of this sector. 
In line with its new business model, the Bank does not classify agriculture as a separate business segment, but as a 
specific sector. To this end, agricultural loans include SME banking and corporate banking in line with segmentation policies 
and procedures. Senior management believes that the Bank’s extensive tailor-made products, structured in line with the 
seasonal nature of the agricultural business and the specific characteristics of the sector, contribute to the low NPL ratio of 
agricultural loans, which was 1.6% as of 31 December 2020 (2.1% and 1.4%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019 and 
2018). As of 31 December 2020, 77.4% of the agricultural loans offered by the Bank benefit from government subsidies that 
cover the borrower’s interest costs. The Bank continues to be active in all aspects of agricultural lending and aims to enhance 
its leading position in the agricultural sector.  
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had approximately 685,000 agricultural sector customers who are served 
through its domestic branches. The Bank’s extensive branch network across Turkey, including branches in about 400 
sub-provinces where it is the sole bank providing services to customers, enables it to provide broad sectoral coverage and 
diversified products to its agricultural customers. 
As of 31 December 2020, and on an unconsolidated BRSA basis, the total amount of the Bank’s lending to 
agricultural customers comprised 13.9% of its total loans (net). Of these agricultural loans, 98.1% were loans from the 
Bank’s own funds while the remainder were fund-sourced (for which the Bank acts as an intermediary, receives fees and 
commission but does not bear any repayment risk). According to data published by the BRSA, as of the same date, the 
Bank’s market share in Turkey in terms of loans to agricultural sector clients was 61.0%.

--- Page 146 ---
127 
Overview of Customer Segmentation 
In order to apply its products and services according to the specific needs of its customers and to deliver these in an 
efficient manner through best CRM practices, the Bank classifies its agricultural customers in segments on the basis of net 
sales and the size of agricultural assets or the amount of agricultural investments, as each type of customer is in need of 
different banking products and services. The Bank has been improving its internal database to capture more information 
about such customers and has access to a centralised Turkish database under the “farmer registry system.” The agricultural 
sector customer segments are listed below, categorised by amount of annual net sales: 
Customer Type 
Net Sales 
(TL millions) 
Mass SME ....................................................... 
<1 
Micro SME ..................................................... 
1<2 
Small SME ...................................................... 
2<10 
Midcap SME ................................................... 
10<30 
Large SME ...................................................... 
30<50 
Corporate ........................................................ 
≥50 
Agricultural loans encompass every primary type of agricultural production within Turkey, including animal husbandry (e.g., 
dairy farming, livestock farming, breeding, poultry and apiculture), crop production (e.g., field agriculture, greenhousing and 
orcharding), acquaculture and fisheries. 
Products and Services 
Deposit Accounts. The Bank offers savings accounts, commercial accounts and foreign currency accounts to its 
agricultural customers. 
Specialised loans. The Bank offers various specialised loans to its agricultural customers, some of which are 
products unique to the Bank in the Turkish banking sector and subsidised by the Turkish government. These specialised 
products include crop production loans, animal production loans, fishing loans, agricultural mechanisation loans, loans for 
acquiring land and contractual farming loans. The subsidies and implementation guidance are negotiated on a three year basis 
by representatives of the Bank, the Turkish Treasury (which is expected to transfer such activities to the TWFM Company) 
and the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry in line with the needs and strategies of the Ministry, taking into account the 
Government’s choice of which agricultural sectors to subsidise. The Bank’s role during these negotiations is to provide 
banking expertise and know-how. The interest rates of agricultural loans are determined by the Bank according to market 
dynamics, market practice regarding loan pricing and the Bank’s cost of funding. 
To this end, the Bank works on tailoring products and service offerings and on deriving alternative collateral forms 
from different agricultural assets of farmers. 
The Bank has a wide range of tailored products and service offerings to fit its customers’ needs and demands. With 
these products, the investment expenses and operation costs of the holdings founded with those investments can be covered. 
As of 31 December 2020, 35% of the agricultural loan portfolio consisted of investment loans and the remaining portfolio 
was composed of working capital loans. 
Bankkart Başak – ACP, one of the tailored products of the Bank, is a debit card through which demand deposit 
accounts and agricultural loan accounts can be linked. Bankkart Başak – ACP is an innovative product designed to decrease 
the number of clients approaching branches for agricultural loan utilisation. The Bank, in line with customer demand, allows 
customers to use Bankkart Başak – ACP Member Business points for the purchase of agricultural inputs (such as feed, grain 
and fuel). Customers may make repayments at branches and agricultural products/services obtained using Bankkart Başak – 
ACP can be repaid without any interest being charged, if the repayment is done within the time periods set by the Bank. The 
Bank is focusing on marketing Bankkart Başak – ACP and increasing the number of agricultural customers using the card for 
loans and repayments. The Bank’s credit policy is that customers having a credit limit of less than TL 100,000 must use

--- Page 147 ---
128 
Bankkart Başak – ACP. Bankkart Başak – ACP not only helps to reduce the number of customers approaching branches, 
increasing their service quality and marketing capabilities, but is also an effective instrument for reducing transaction costs. 
Set forth in the table below is a breakdown of the Bank’s specialised cash loans issued to the agricultural sector 
customers by loan type as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Value 
% of total 
performing 
loans 
Value 
% of total 
performing 
loans 
Value 
% of total 
performing 
loans 
(TL millions, except percentages) 
Crop production loans ....................... 
17,420 
31% 
21,644 
34% 
25,575 
33% 
Animal husbandry loans ................... 
22,558 
40% 
26,329 
41% 
29,739 
38% 
Agricultural mechanisation loans ..... 
9,476 
17% 
9,049 
14% 
11,791 
15% 
Fishing loans ..................................... 
481 
1% 
552 
1% 
771 
1% 
Total specialised lending...........
49,935 
88% 
57,574 
89% 
67,877 
88% 
Non-specialised Loans ...................... 
7,058 
12% 
6,755 
11% 
9,666 
12% 
Total: ..........................................
56,993 
100% 
64,329 
100% 
77,542 
100% 
SME Banking 
Overview 
The Bank has been increasing its focus on the SME sector of the Turkish market, as senior management believes 
this sector can provide better yield opportunities. The Bank’s SME business model is not a retail-oriented approach to 
provide services to small and medium size retail enterprises, but to focus mainly on midcap SMEs. The Bank’s senior 
management believes that the SME sector accounts for the largest single segment of the Turkish GDP and, despite significant 
growth in recent years that it is still underserved and underpenetrated in terms of financial services products. The Bank’s 
principal products and services provided to SME customers include deposits, investment and working capital loans, non-cash 
loans (i.e. guarantees and letters of credit), treasury products and cash management services. As of 31 December 2020, the 
Bank had approximately 4.5 million SME sector customers (defined by the Bank as businesses with annual turnover of less 
than TL 200 million) that it served through its 65 SME branches. The Bank intends to maintain its focus on growing its SME 
banking business by further expanding its branch network, increasing its marketing efforts and offering new tailor-made 
products, with an increased focus on cross-selling efforts, to increase revenues and maintain sustainable growth in the 
number of SME banking customers. 
As of 31 December 2020, the total amount of the Bank’s lending to SME customers comprised 37.3% of its total 
loans (net). 
Customer Segmentation 
The Bank defines SMEs as businesses with annual turnover of less than TL 200 million. In order to differentiate its 
products and services according to the specific needs of its customers, the Bank divides its SME customers into segments 
based upon annual turnover, credit limit, accommodation capacity (for hotel and similar hospitality clients), energy 
production capacity (for energy-producing clients) and banking volume. The Bank further divides its SME customers by 
industry segments such as manufacturing, tourism, agriculture, construction, energy and trade, as each has different needs 
that require tailored banking products.

--- Page 148 ---
129 
Products and Services 
The Bank offers a wide range of products and services to its SME customers. Key products and services offered to 
its SME customers include: 
Deposit Accounts. The Bank offers savings accounts, commercial accounts and foreign currency accounts to its 
SME customers. 
Cash loans and non-cash loans. Loans to SME customers consist of short-term working capital and long-term 
investment loans such as revolving loans, overdraft loans, discount loans, foreign currency-indexed loans, foreign currency 
denominated loans, spot loans, investment loans and cash loans with monthly instalment repayments. Non-cash loans mainly 
comprise letters of guarantee. The Bank has started to cooperate with international financial institutions (“IFIs”) such as the 
World Bank and the EIB, which provide the Bank with access to long-term funding opportunities to address the investment 
and working capital needs of its SME customers. Maturities of these facilities range from five years to thirty years. As of 
31 December 2020, loans to SMEs amounted to TL 201.9 billion (including agricultural SME loans and excluding accruals) 
(TL135.3 billion and TL 114.5 billion, respectively, as of 31 December 2019 and 2018). 
Trade Finance. The Bank offers trade finance facilities to its SME customers, including short-term (up to 
24 months) and long-term (from 24 months up to ten years) financing as well as various import and export related services, 
such as letters of credit confirmations, letters of credit and promissory note discounts, letters of guarantee issues, export 
credit agency covered financing, collections and remittances. 
Corporate Banking 
Overview 
The Bank’s principal products and services provided to its corporate customers include cash and non-cash loans, 
financial services related to import and export transactions, trade finance, project finance, treasury management services, 
international banking services, financial intermediation services (provided through the Bank’s subsidiaries, affiliates and joint 
ventures) and asset management. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had approximately 22,500 corporate customers who it served through 19 
corporate dedicated branches. The Bank’s corporate customers are also served by branches in locations where there are no 
corporate branches. 
As of 31 December 2020, the total amount of the Bank’s lending to corporate customers amounted to TL 185.3 
billion, which comprised 34.3% of the Bank’s total loans (net), increasing from TL 159.5 billion (40.2% of the Bank’s total 
loans (net)) as of 31 December 2019, which itself had increased from TL 1,044.6 billion (42.8% of the Bank’s total loans) as 
of 31 December 2018. The Bank’s 20 largest corporate borrowers in terms of nominal cash loan values accounted for 10.1% 
of the Bank’s total loans (net) as of 31 December 2020. As of the same date, deposits from corporate customers comprised 
21.2% of the Bank’s total deposits from customers. 
The Bank aims to increase its market share of the corporate and commercial banking market, expand its existing 
corporate and commercial customer portfolio and diversify risk within its portfolio. The Bank’s senior management believes 
that the strength of the Turkish corporate and commercial banking market will permit the Bank to continue to cross-sell 
various banking and financial services to Turkish businesses. 
Customer Segmentation 
The Bank classifies corporate customers as businesses with annual turnover of TL 200 million or more. 
Products and Services 
Corporate Loans. Loans to corporate customers consist of short-term and long-term loans with maturities generally 
ranging from overnight to ten years. Major sectors of corporate lending are manufacturing, construction, energy, tourism,

--- Page 149 ---
130 
agriculture and commerce. As of 31 December 2020, the NPL ratio for the Bank’s corporate loan portfolio was 2.3% (2.5% 
and 1.5%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019 and 2018). The Bank offers cash management loans, working capital loans, 
medium and long-term loans for general purposes and loans for new premises. 
Trade Finance. The Bank offers trade finance facilities including short-term (up to 24 months) and long-term (from 
two years up to ten years) financing as well as various import and export-related services, such as letters of credit 
confirmations, letters of credit and promissory note discounts, letters of guarantee issues, export credit agency covered 
financing, collections and remittances. 
Structured and Project Finance. The Bank is an active provider of financing for its corporate customers for project 
finance, acquisition/privatisation finance and structured finance products. The Bank intends to increase its market share in 
project financing. The total amount of the Bank’s project finance loan book was US$10.6 billion as of 31 December 2020 
(US$12.4 billion and US$13.1 billion, respectively, as of 31 December 2019 and 2018). As of 31 December 2020, the 
infrastructure and energy sectors represented 52.9% and 26.5%, respectively, of the Bank’s project finance loan book and 
55.5% of the Bank’s energy loans were extended to renewable energy projects. As of the same date, the distribution of 
project finance loans by currency was 57.2% in U.S. dollars, 33.2% in euro and 9.6% in Turkish Lira. The Bank intends to 
increase its participation in the syndicated loan market for the leading corporations of Turkey. Additionally, Turkish Lira and 
foreign currency denominated pre-export loans are extended by the Bank in order to support the export-oriented industries, to 
increase their competitive strength in international markets and to provide financing at export preparation stage. 
Corporate Card Services. Corporate cards are issued to corporate and commercial customers for payment of general 
and administrative expenses. At the customer’s option, various limits and restrictions on the use of the corporate card account 
can be set for security purposes. Customised payment cards are also available to corporate and commercial customers. 
Retail Banking 
Overview 
The Bank offers a broad range of retail banking and financial services to its retail customers including, but not 
limited to, retail loans (including housing and vehicle loans), deposit banking, debit card and credit card services, payroll 
accounts, investment accounts and utility and other payment systems. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had approximately 33 million retail customers, who it served through 1,644 of 
its domestic branches. As of the same date, the total amount of the Bank’s loans (net) to retail borrowers represented 29.6% 
of its total loans (net) and, according to data published by the BRSA, the Bank’s market share in Turkey in terms of loans to 
retail customers was 21.0%. 
The Bank’s senior management believes that the ongoing economic development of Turkey will continue to present 
significant opportunities for growth and profitability for leading Turkish financial institutions within the retail banking sector, 
which will also be influenced by the relatively low household debt to GDP. Senior management believes that the customer-
oriented business model adopted by the Bank also provides an opportunity to create tailor-made products and services for 
customers through a specific focus on cross-selling, which will deepen and further diversify the product range offered in the 
market. Senior management believes that the relatively young Turkish population, with increasing standards of living, should 
enable the Bank to capitalise on its retail banking capabilities. 
In addition to its comprehensive range of banking products and extensive local franchise the Bank has a strong 
position in retail banking as it managed 6.6 million pay-roll accounts as of 31 December 2020, which accounts provide the 
Bank with a solid customer base. 
The Bank uses its extensive branch network and digital channels for co-branding and co-marketing to attract new 
retail customers. It also targets owners and employees of businesses that are already the Bank’s customers in another 
capacity.

--- Page 150 ---
131 
Products and Services 
The Bank offers a broad range of retail banking and financial services to its retail customers including retail loans 
(including housing and vehicle loans), deposit banking, debit card and credit card services, payroll accounts, investment 
accounts and utility and other payment systems. 
Deposit accounts. In terms of total deposits, according to financial statements of Turkish banks, the Bank ranks first 
in the Turkish banking sector, and had total deposits of TL 629.9 billion as of 31 December 2020. Deposit collection from 
retail customers is a principal focus for the Bank and this retail deposit base provides relatively low-cost and long-term funds 
that can be invested in loans and other assets. The Bank has been increasing its domestic branch network for many years, 
which has supported the growth of its retail customer base. 
The Bank offers Turkish Lira and foreign currency demand and time deposits to its retail customers. As of 
31 December 2020, the Bank’s savings deposits (which largely represents deposits from retail customers) totalled TL 169.5 
billion, representing 26.9% of its total deposits (TL 143.2 billion and 32.0%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019 and 
TL 115.3 billion and 34.8%, respectively, as of 31 December 2018). Retail customers were also the most important providers 
of demand deposits, representing 57.7% of the Bank’s total demand deposits as of 31 December 2020. The Bank’s Turkish 
Lira demand deposits from retail customers increased by 33.3% in 2020 to TL 47.4 billion (or 7.5% of the Bank’s total 
deposits) after increasing by 37.7% in 2019 to TL 35.6 billion (or 8.0% of the Bank’s total deposits) from TL 25.8 billion (or 
7.8% of the Bank’s total deposits) as of 31 December 2018. These increases were principally due to the Bank’s specific focus 
on retail customers through its extensive branch network to broaden its existing savings deposit base. 
Retail loans. Total retail loans, which amounted to TL 172.2 billion as of 31 December 2020, represented 29.6% of 
the Bank’s loans (net) to customers, compared to TL 117.0 billion (or 26.9% of the Bank’s loans and receivables to 
customers) as of 31 December 2019 and TL 90.8 billion (or 26.4% of the Bank’s loans and receivables to customers) as of 
31 December 2018 (in each case, excluding accruals and loans of foreign branches but including TL 3.9 billion, TL 3.9 
billion and TL 3.8 billion, respectively, as of such dates). Set forth in the table below is a breakdown of the Bank’s retail 
loans by type as of the periods indicated: 
As of 31 December 
2018(1)(2)
2019(1)(2)
2020(1)(2)
Value 
% of total 
performing 
loans 
Value 
% of total 
performing 
loans 
Value 
% of total 
performing 
loans 
(TL millions, except percentages) 
General purpose consumer ..  
32,272 
35.6% 
42,392 
36.2% 
67,996 
39.5% 
Mortgage .............................  
51,747 
57.0% 
64,794 
55.4% 
90,909 
52.8% 
Automobile .........................  
185 
0.2% 
391 
0.3% 
898 
0.5% 
Personnel ............................  
243 
0.3% 
297 
0.3% 
413 
0.2% 
Overdraft current account ...  
1,551 
1.7% 
1,718 
1.3% 
1,740 
1.0% 
Credit card ..........................  
4,759 
5.2% 
7,358 
6.3% 
10,286 
6.0% 
Total retail loans........
90,756 
100.0% 
116,952 
100.0% 
172,242 
100.0% 
(1) Excluding accruals and loans totalling TL 646.5 million, TL 796.1 million and TL 1,005.0 million, respectively, as of 31 December 2018, 2019 and 
2020. 
(2) For mortgage loans, including TL 3.9 billion, TL 3.9 billion and TL 3.9 billion of loans originated from funds as of 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020, 
respectively. 
The majority of the Bank’s retail loans are general purpose consumer loans and housing loans, as described further 
below: 
•
General Purpose Consumer Loans. General purpose consumer loans represented 39.5% of the Bank’s total 
retail loans as of 31 December 2020 (36.2% and 35.6%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019 and 2018). The 
Bank’s general purpose loans largely consist of wage- or salary-backed loans that are available only to 
employees of companies that have a payroll agreement with the Bank or to pension recipients of social security

--- Page 151 ---
132 
agencies who have their pension payments deposited directly into an account with the Bank, the latter of which 
represented 40.5% of the Bank’s total general purpose loans as of 31 December 2020. The market share of the 
Bank in general purpose loans was 17.6% as of same date according to the BRSA. 
•
Housing Loans. The Bank’s housing loan portfolio increased by 40.3% to TL 90.9 billion as of 31 December 
2020 after increasing by 31.4% to TL 64.8 billion as of 31 December 2019 from TL 51.7 billion as of 
31 December 2018. As of 31 December 2020, the housing loan portfolio represented 52.8% of the Bank’s total 
retail loans (55.4% and 57.0%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019 and 2018). The Bank’s housing loans are 
generally focused on high and medium net worth individuals with a strong credit history. The Bank’s loan-to-
value ratio was 54.8% as of 31 December 2020 (80% is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the maximum 
housing loan-to-value ratio permitted by the Turkish authorities for any housing loan). The maximum term of 
the Bank’s mortgages is ten years, with most loans having an original maturity of between eight and nine years. 
Almost all of housing loans are Turkish Lira denominated and fixed rate loans. 
In order to support the expected normalisation process after the initial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Bank 
has introduced various new loan facilities that primarily target retail and SME customers. In particular, on 1 June 2020, the 
Bank (along with two other state-controlled banks, Vakıfbank and Halkbank) introduced new loan facilities, including 
mortgages for both new and existing houses, loans for locally produced vehicles (both new and used), loans for certain 
locally produced goods used in the home (e.g., furniture, electronics, white appliances and home textiles) and loans for 
holiday expenses. These loans are focused on retail customers; however, certain of such new loan facilities are available to 
SME and corporate customers. 
Credit and debit cards. The Bank has agreements with Visa, MasterCard, Troy and Discover entitling it to issue 
debit cards, pre-paid cards, credit cards, co-branded prepaid cards, e-wallet prepaid cards and co-branded credit cards. The 
Bankkart cards (the name of the Bank’s debit cards) can be used to withdraw cash and make transfers not only from the 
Bank’s own ATMs, but also (as of 31 December 2020) from approximately 52,800 locations across Turkey through the ATM 
networks of other banks. In 2018, the Bank launched its own banking card brand “Ziraat Bankkart,” which is a dual card and 
has the features of both a debit card and a credit card in a single card. The Bank’s senior management believes that the 
Bank’s strategy to gradually increase its presence in the credit card business will have a positive contribution to the Bank’s 
efficiency and profitability in the medium to long term period with the further acquiring of retail segment customers. The 
market share of the Bank in credit card balances was 7.1% and 9.1% as of 31 December 2019 and 2020, respectively, 
according to Interbank Card Centre (in Turkish: Bankalararası Kart Merkezi). As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had 
approximately 8.4 million credit card customers (with approximately 9.4 million cards and 1.8 million new cards issued to 
current and new customers and renewed cards during the year), 30.2 million debit card customers (with approximately 
39.9 million cards and 3.9 million new cards issued to current and new customers and renewed cards during the year and 
approximately 741,376 million acquiring points (“POS” terminals and new generation payment devices) as of 31 December 
2020.  
Utility Payments. The Bank’s regular payments system enables customers who have a retail loan and/or a deposit 
account with the Bank to pay their utility bills and credit card debts by direct debit. The Bank’s senior management believes 
that some of these utility payment users could be potential customers for new products and aims to cross-sell to these users. 
In 2020, there were approximately 13.6 million automatic payment orders (and a monthly average of approximately 291,000 
new payment orders (i.e., new automatic payment orders, whether from a new or existing customer), representing a 34.9% 
increase from 2019, which itself had increased by 71.1% from 2018). 
Insurance and mutual funds. The Bank offers through its branch network a variety of life and non-life insurance and 
mutual fund products. For more information, see “-Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies” below. 
Treasury-Investment Banking 
The Bank’s Treasury-Investment Banking division’s key role is to manage the Bank’s assets and liabilities, funding, 
liquidity risk and trade finance transactions. The Treasury-Investment Banking division, including its branches and 
subsidiaries both local and abroad, centralises the Bank’s asset and liability management operations, trading (both customer 
driven and proprietary) and fixed income portfolio management.

--- Page 152 ---
133 
The Treasury-Investment Banking division principally consists of the Analytical Balance Sheet Management 
(“ABSM”) Department, the Financial Markets Department, the Financial Institutions Department and the Investor Relations 
Department. The ABSM department monitors the Bank’s asset and liability composition and liquidity position and utilises a 
Fund Transfer Pricing System within the scope of balance sheet management. The Bank’s Financial Markets Department is 
organised both as a trading unit, which coordinates the Bank’s trading functions and manages the risks inherent therein and as 
a unit for implementing the pricing strategies throughout segments and departments for retail and wholesale funding and 
asset utilisations in accordance with the asset liability targets. Within the Financial Markets Department, there are a number 
of different units, including: (a) the Retail and Corporate Treasury Solutions unit, which provides the Bank’s retail and 
corporate customers with access to financial markets, (b) the Investment Portfolio Management unit, which manages the 
Bank’s securities portfolio, (c) the Derivative Transactions Unit, which manages the derivative products needed to effectively 
manage the Bank’s balance sheet for medium- to long-term cash flow purposes, (d) the Money Markets unit, which centrally 
manages the Bank’s short to medium-term liquidity and cash position through money market and repo/reverse repo 
operations, and (e) the International Funding unit, which manages the loan agreements with supranational and international 
counterparties. The Financial Institutions Department is responsible for the relations with correspondent banks and 
international bank borrowings and the Investor Relations Department manages the relationship with investor base and 
manages the issuances under the Programme. 
Although the Bank’s treasury management activities are primarily focused on asset and liability management, the 
Financial Markets Department also generates profits through proprietary trading in foreign exchange and fixed income 
securities markets. The Bank is also one of the 12 primary dealers (market makers) of Turkish government bonds and bills. 
The Bank also manages securities portfolio representing approximately 12.1% of Turkish government treasury bills and 
bonds as of 31 December 2020 (nominal value) and about 8.2% of Turkish sovereign international eurobonds as of such date. 
The Bank also has an active role in secondary fixed income markets both in local and international markets. The bank also 
uses its securities in repo transactions with international counterparties and executes transactions in Central Bank facilities 
and Borsa İstanbul repo/ reverse repo market. The Bank has access to a diverse range of funding options and engages in 
foreign exchange and money market transactions in both organised markets and over-the-counter markets. Other than the 
facilities named above, the Bank is an active player in Central Bank interbank, Takasbank, Borsa İstanbul and local money 
markets, Turkish Lira/foreign exchange local and international markets. 
The Bank engages in forward, option, swap and other derivative transactions for the purposes of hedging, tenor and 
interest risk management, and liquidity management. Currency swap transactions are carried out for liquidity management 
purposes with different tenors. 
The Bank uses cross currency interest rate swaps for the purpose of tenor and interest risk management. The goal of 
these transactions is to decrease or eliminate the negative balance sheet impact of longer tenor loans (especially housing 
loans).  
Investment banking operations are conducted by Ziraat Yatırım A.Ş. and asset management of mutual and pension 
funds are conducted by Ziraat Portföy Yönetim A.Ş. Ziraat Yatırım A.Ş. started operations in 1997 and, according to data 
from the CMB, the company (as of 31 December 2020) was the market leader in the repo/reverse repo market with a market 
share of 24.3% and ranked third in the bonds/bills market with a market share of 9.4%. In addition, the company provides 
high quality and reliable services to individual and institutional investors in the fields of stock market, futures and mutual 
funds transactions. 
Ziraat Portföy Yönetim A.Ş., which was founded in 2002, had (according to data provided by the CMB) an 18.1% 
market share of assets under management in Turkey as of 31 December 2020, managing 107 mutual and pension funds and a 
total volume of assets of TRY 65.8 billion as of such date (TL 17.8 billion and TL 54.6 billion, respectively, as of 
31 December 2018 and 2019). Founded in 2002, the company grew significantly in 2019 when asset management companies 
owned by government-owned banks were consolidated into the company, thereby increasing its market share of assets under 
management and making the operations of this business more efficient for the government. 
International Banking 
The Bank manages its correspondent banking relationships, its international fund raising activities and its overseas 
banking activities through its various divisions. The Bank has largest international presence among Turkish banks with its 24 
foreign branches, one representative office and nine subsidiaries abroad, and (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) have 113

--- Page 153 ---
134 
service points in total. The foreign branches and sub-branches operated by the Bank are located in the United Kingdom, Iraq, 
Greece, Saudi Arabia, Bulgaria, Kosovo, Bahrain and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus. The Bank also has a 
representative office in Tehran, Iran that does not conduct, and is not authorised to conduct, any lending or deposit taking 
activities or money transfer activities and has been dormant as a matter of the Bank policy since the implementation of 
stricter sanctions by the United States on Iran in 2008. The Bank also serves its international customers through its 
subsidiaries in Germany, Russia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan and 
Uzbekistan. 
With its extensive global network of branches and correspondent banks (over 1,750 connections with bank head 
offices and their foreign branches globally), the Bank is capable of handling a variety of international trade transactions and 
payments and offering bespoke services to meet its customers’ specific needs with a wide range of products. 
From 2012 to 2020, the Bank increased its total export and import trade finance volume from US$11.1 billion in 
2012 to US$50.6 billion in 2020, increasing its market share from 2.85% in 2012 to 13.0% in 2020 according to Turkstat and 
the Bank’s own data. The Bank’s senior management expects that the Bank will further increase its market share in the future 
through cross-selling opportunities. Through its collaborations with SACE, HERMES, SERV, UKEF and other well-known 
export credit agencies, as well as export-import banks such as Korea Exim and Taiwan Exim, the Bank’s senior management 
believes the Bank is well-positioned to meet its customers’ medium- to long-term import financing needs. 
The Bank has further expanded its relations with international banks within the framework of structured financing 
operations over the past several years, as a result of which it received offers from correspondent banks to arrange and 
participate in syndicated loans. In April 2020, the Bank successfully closed a US$1.0 billion 367 days term loan with a 
syndicate of 38 international lenders from 22 countries. The substantial amount of the facilities obtained from the high 
number of participant banks from all around the world once again proved the confidence of correspondent banks in Turkish 
banking sector as well as the Bank is also expanding diversified funding base through continuing to use bilateral loan 
facilities from its valued correspondent banks. In this context, as of December 2020, the Bank’s bilateral loan book together 
with postfinance trade loans amounted US$1.7 billion.
Distribution Network 
The Bank offers its banking services through an extensive distribution network that includes branches as well as 
digital channels such as ATMs, the internet, mobile banking and telephone banking. 
Branches 
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had a network of 1,728 domestic branches (1,734 and 1,750, respectively, as of 
31 December 2019 and 2018), comprising the largest branch network in Turkey according to the Banks Association of 
Turkey and including at least one branch in every province in Turkey. The Bank is the sole bank providing services to 
customers in about 400 sub-provinces. The Bank has a very strong presence in these underbanked regions of Turkey. The 
Bank aims to improve its coverage, especially in the major industrialised cities in order to have more access to corporates and 
SMEs in line with its strategy of migrating from securities to loans, the Bank plans to open new branches only where 
potentially profitable and intends to close unprofitable branches. The Bank’s branch network is managed through 40 regional 
directorates. 
Approximately 30% of the Bank’s branch network is located in İstanbul, Ankara and İzmir. The Bank employed 14 
people on average per branch as of 31 December 2020.

--- Page 154 ---
135 
The Bank has three types of branches, all aimed at serving distinct customer groups as set forth in the table below 
(all as of 31 December 2020): 
Corporate
SME
Retail 
Serving corporates with annual turnover of more than TL 200 
million 
Serving corporates with 
annual turnover between 
TL 40 million to less than 
TL 200 million 
Serving retail customers, 
mass marketing and 
corporates with annual 
turnover less than TL 40 
million 
19 corporate branches 
65 SME branches 
1,644(1) branches 
(1) Includes five mobile branches.
As noted above, the foreign branches and sub-branches operated by the Bank are located in the United Kingdom, Iraq, 
Greece, Saudi Arabia, Bulgaria, Kosovo, Bahrain and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus. The Bank also has a 
representative office in Tehran, Iran that does not conduct, and is not authorised to conduct, any lending or deposit taking 
activities or money transfer activities, and has been dormant as a matter of the Bank’s policy since the implementation of 
stricter sanctions by the United States on Iran in 2008. The Bank also serves its international customers through its 
subsidiaries, affiliates and joint ventures in Germany, Russia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Georgia, Kazakhstan, 
Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan. 
Digital Network 
Since 2005 the Bank has also been investing heavily in its digital network (such as ATMs, VTMs, Internet banking, 
24-hour telephone banking and kiosks) to serve its customers with increasing service quality and customer satisfaction while 
reducing its transaction costs. During 2020, approximately 92% of all customer transactions processed by the Bank were 
through its digital network. 
ATM Network 
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had 7,274 ATMs, representing 13.8% of the total ATMs in Turkey according to 
Interbank Card Centre (in Turkish: Bankalararası Kart Merkezi). Of these ATMs, 3,470 were located in the Bank’s branches. 
In addition, the Bank’s customers can use the ATMs of other Turkish banks. Customers can withdraw and deposit cash, pay 
credit card bills and utility bills, transfer money and purchase mutual funds and Turkish government bonds and treasury bills 
using the Bank’s ATMs. 
POS Network 
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank (with its 604,701 terminals) operated 19% of all of the POS terminals in Turkey 
according to Interbank Card Centre.

--- Page 155 ---
136 
Mobile Banking, Internet Banking and Other Digital Channels 
Apart from its branch, ATM and POS networks, the Bank utilises digital channels such as: 
Internet Banking: 
•
Internet branch is available to retail, SME and corporate 
customers. 
•
Internet branch supports financial and non-financial services such 
as: 
‒
Money transfers, term transactions, transfer orders, SWIFT, 
payments, investment transactions, currency and gold 
exchange, card transactions, fund and bond/Eurobond 
operations, cheque and risk reports, account operations, 
security/account settings. 
‒Banking products/loans applications 
‒Prices and rates of products and services 
Customer 
Communication 
Centre: 
•
Most banking transactions can be executed through the call 
centre free of charge. 
Mobile Banking: 
•
The Bank’s mobile banking platform can be accessed from 
internet browsers or mobile applications developed for Apple® 
and Android® users. The mobile platform provides customers 
banking services such as money transfers, payments, investment 
transactions, currency and gold exchange, card transactions and 
security/account settings. 
•
It also provides customers a range of information such as closest 
ATM’s/branches, campaign details, calculation tools, exchange 
rates, opportunity of credit card and loan applications and making 
appointments for the branches. 
SMS: 
•
Information regarding bank statements, credit card statements 
and limits, exchange rates and fund prices are delivered to 
customers by SMS. 
•
Campaigns for new products and services are also delivered by 
SMS. 
•
Loan applications may be made by sending an SMS. 
e-Commerce: 
•
The Bank’s virtual POS system offers solutions for e-Commerce 
firms for online credit card processing needs. As of 31 December 
2020, the Bank had 301,951 virtual POS. 
The Bank’s customers actively use internet banking and the Bank’s call centre. As of 31 December 2020, the Bank 
had 4.8 million active customers who utilised internet banking at least once a year and 15.9 million active customers who 
utilised mobile banking at least once a year to execute approximately more than 569 million financial transactions per year. 
During 2020, the Bank’s call centre on average received approximately 7.5 million inbound calls from customers and made 
approximately one million outbound calls to customers per month. 
The Bank encourages its customers to use its digital channels for their banking needs and aims to increase 
transaction volumes through its digital channels due to the significantly lower costs per transaction associated with these 
channels (compared to branch-facilitated transactions). 
Marketing and Sales 
In order to enhance its marketing capabilities the Bank has differentiated and separated its banking divisions and 
marketing operations. Customer relationships are initiated and progressed at branch level while technical and marketing 
support, expertise and strategy are provided by the head office and regional management offices. The Bank undertakes its 
marketing and sales operations through four main marketing departments:

--- Page 156 ---
137 
The SME Banking Group: This group focuses on introducing tailor-made marketing strategies for SME branches and 
providing sales coordination, product management and performance management to enhance the SME banking operations of 
the Bank. Among other things, the department: (a) introduces and implements marketing strategies, (b) develops and 
improves new and existing products for targeted sectors and projects, analyses competition and conducts market and 
customer research and (c) establishes and monitors targets for a variety of projects and provides reporting and operational 
support services. 
The Corporate Banking Group: This group focuses on the Bank’s existing and potential corporate customers to 
introduce and monitor effective marketing strategies. Marketing and sales activities include a variety of banking services to 
the Bank’s corporate customers, including product management, cash management, performance management and customer 
relationship monitoring. The project evaluation and marketing function also assists in monitoring the Bank’s internal rating 
models used in granting loans to the Bank’s SME, commercial and corporate customers. For more information on these 
internal rating models, see “Risk Management.” The Bank has a separate project finance division to provide tailor-made, 
specialised long-term financing for its customers. 
The Retail Banking Department: This group focuses on the sales activities of the regular branches (branches other 
than corporate and SME branches). On 7 June 2018, with an intention of better focusing on retail banking activities, the 
previous “Branch Banking Executive Vice President” role was divided into two separate specialised “Retail Banking 
Executive Vice President” roles focusing on different geographic regions. These two Executive Vice Presidents plan the sales 
activities along with the Bank’s strategies and monitor the sales performance of the branches and regional coordinatorships. 
The group also prepares analyses on how to increase customer loyalty and gain new customers. 
The Foreign Branches Banking Department: This group focuses on the foreign branch activities. The department 
monitors the performance of the foreign branches, increases the synergy between the Bank and its foreign branches, and 
directs the foreign branches to act in line with the strategies and targets of the Group. 
Subsidiaries and Other Affiliated Companies 
The Bank has an affiliate portfolio comprising 22 companies, through which it offers, among other things, brokerage 
and financial and trade services. Through its affiliate portfolio, the Bank aims to create a well-coordinated financial services 
group that can increase cross-selling opportunities and product diversity and maximise the value of the Bank’s services in 
Turkey and abroad.

--- Page 157 ---
138 
The following table sets out the Bank’s primary subsidiaries and other investments, a business description, the 
Bank’s effective share ownership in each of these entities and each such entity’s total assets, shareholders’ equity and net 
income as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020: 
Business description 
The Bank’s 
risk group 
share 
Total 
assets 
Shareholders’ 
equity 
Net 
income 
(TL thousands)
Ziraat Bank International AG. ............... 
Banking 
100.0% 
14,775,383 
2,350,096 
69,669 
ZiraatBank BH d.d. ................................. 
Banking 
100.0% 
5,270,596 
537,548 
(231,512) 
Ziraat Bank Montenegro AD ................. 
Banking 
100.0% 
650,178 
152,426 
2,198 
JSC Ziraat Bank Georgia........................ 
Banking 
100.0% 
287,585 
128,137 
3,204 
Ziraat Bank Uzbekistan JSC .................. 
Banking 
100.0% 
789,229 
232,013 
34,448 
Ziraat Bank Azerbaijan OJSC................
Banking
100.0%
1,294,956
310,231
4,501
Ziraat Bank (Moscow) JSC .................... 
Banking 
99.9% 
948,196 
346,281 
37,340 
Kazakhstan-Ziraat International Bank ... 
Banking 
99.6% 
2,130,672 
576,055 
53,165 
Turkmen Turkish JSC Bank...................
Banking
50.0%
6,361,058
421,943
91,668
Ziraat Katılım Bankası A.Ş....................
Participation Banking
100.0%
60,186,996
3,734,273
638,562
Ziraat Yatirim Menkul Degerler A.Ş..... 
Capital Markets Brokerage 
Operations 
99.6% 
727,008 
428,909 
314,841 
Ziraat Portföy Yönetim A.Ş...................
Portfolio Management
99.8%
151,523
140,561
68,873
Ziraat Teknoloji A.Ş. .............................. 
Information Technology 
100.0% 
81,488 
19,337 
3,456 
Ziraat GYO.............................................. 
Real Estate Investment Trust 
100.0% 
5,436,092 
5,085,872 
403,381 
Ziraat GSYO ........................................... 
Venture Capital Investment 
Trust
100.0%
1,007,392
1,005,686
136,886
Onko İlaç Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Ş. .......... 
Chemical 
85.0% 
806,718 
130,048 
34,963 
Koçsel İlaç Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Ş. ........ 
Chemical 
85.0% 
47,751 
7,704 
(3,796) 
Rinerji Rize Elektrik Üretim A.Ş...........
Energy
51.0%
56,856
12,694
(8,991)
The Bank conducts its operations both domestically and internationally, through its branches, subsidiaries and 
affiliated companies. Set forth below are descriptions of the Bank’s principal subsidiaries and other affiliates (with ownership 
percentages expressed in this section reflecting aggregate ownership by members of the Group). 
Ziraat Bank International AG was established in Germany in 2001 and, as of 31 December 2020, was 100% 
controlled by the Bank. It is the Bank’s largest international subsidiary in terms of total assets and one of the largest banks 
backed by Turkish capital operating in the European Union. Active in corporate, commercial, and retail banking, Ziraat Bank 
International AG’s corporate and commercial banking services are mainly comprised of cash and non-cash credit transactions 
related to financing foreign trade between Turkey, Germany and other EU countries as well as firms operating in Germany 
and multinational firms. As of such date, it had a total of seven branches, in Frankfurt, Hamburg, Cologne, Hannover, Berlin, 
Duisburg and Munich, a representative office in İstanbul and 112 employees. 
ZiraatBank BH d.d. was established in Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1997 and, as of 31 December 2020, was 100% 
controlled by the Bank. The bank provides a full suite of banking products and services to its corporate, commercial and 
retail banking customers. As of such date, it had 32 branches throughout Bosnia and Herzegovina and 305 employees. 
Ziraat Bank Montenegro AD was established in Montenegro in 2015 and, as of 31 December 2020, was 100% 
controlled by the Bank. The bank offers corporate, commercial, and retail banking services to its customers. As of such date, 
it had three branches (in Bar, Budva and Podgorica) and 40 employees. 
JSC Ziraat Bank Georgia was established on 2 May 2017 by transforming the already existing Tbilisi, Batum and 
Marneuli branches of Ziraat Bank into a subsidiary bank under the name of JSC Ziraat Bank Georgia. The bank, as of 
31 December 2020, was 100% controlled by the Bank. As of such date, JSC Ziraat Bank Georgia had seven branches and 56 
employees. 
Ziraat Bank Uzbekistan JSC, formerly UTBANK, was established in Uzbekistan in 1993 and, as of 31 December 
2020, was 100% controlled by the Bank. The bank is active in both retail and commercial banking, offering a wide range of 
services and products to its customers. As of 31 December 2020, it had its head office in Tashkent and four branches (in 
Operu, Samarkand and Yunusabad), including a corporate branch, and 130 employees.

--- Page 158 ---
139 
Ziraat Bank Azerbaijan OJSC was established in Azerbaijan in 2015 and, as of 31 December 2020, was 100% 
controlled by the Bank (99.98% controlled directly and 0.02% controlled through Ziraat Teknoloji A.Ş. and Ziraat Yatırım 
Menkul Değerler A.Ş.). The company offers banking products and services to its corporate, commercial and retail banking 
customers. As of such date, it had five branches (in Baku, Ganja Sumgayıt, İçerihisar and Ahmed Recepli) and 103 
employees. 
Ziraat Bank (Moscow) JSC was established in Russia in 1993 and, as of 31 December 2020, was 99.91% controlled 
by the Bank. The bank offers banking services to Russian companies, as well as to Turkish companies operating in Russia, in 
the areas of corporate and commercial banking and non-cash loans. As of such date, it had one branch (in Moscow) and 43 
employees. 
Kazakhstan-Ziraat International Bank was established in Kazakhstan in 1993 and, as of 31 December 2020, was 
99.58% controlled by the Bank. The bank provides mainly commercial and corporate banking services for companies doing 
business in Kazakhstan as well as retail banking. As of such date, it had eight branches (located in Almaty, Astana, Shymkent 
Aktau, Atyrau, Karagandı and Turkistan) and 156 employees. 
Turkmen Turkish JSC Bank was established in Turkmenistan in 1993 and, as of 31 December 2020, was 50% 
controlled by the Bank and the remaining share was controlled by Dayhan Bank of Turkmenistan. The bank is one of 
Turkmenistan’s most active banks in terms of foreign currency transactions and also provides cash and non-cash loans for 
companies doing business in Turkmenistan. As of such date, it had six offices throughout the country and 366 employees. 
Ziraat Katılım Bankası A.Ş. (referred to herein as Ziraat Participation Bank) was established in Turkey in 2015 and, 
as of 31 December 2020, was 100% controlled by the Bank. The company provides services in participation banking. As of 
such date, it had 104 branches, an asset size of TL 60.1 billion and 1,261 employees. On 1 March 2019, the Bank’s subsidiary 
Ziraat Finansal Kiralama A.Ş. (which was engaged primarily in the financial leasing of agricultural machinery, was 
established in Turkey in 1991 and was 100% controlled by the Bank) was merged into this company, reflecting the Group’s 
strategy to improve efficiency by consolidating Group entities that are engaged in similar businesses. 
Ziraat Yatirim Menkul Degerler A.Ş. was established in Turkey in 1997 and, as of 31 December 2020, was 99.6% 
controlled by the Bank. The company is an active participant in the capital markets with a team of 63 employees as of such 
date. The company provides services through its internet branch and full-service call centre. All domestic branches of the 
Bank function as agencies of Ziraat Yatirim Menkul Degerler A.Ş. 
Ziraat Portföy Yönetim A.Ş. was established in Turkey in 2002 and, as of 31 December 2020, was 99.7% controlled 
by the Bank. The company is an asset management company that manages its clients’ investment portfolios of capital market 
instruments. With TL 12.5 million of capital, the company managed 30 mutual funds and 77 private pension funds as of such 
date. Also as of such date, the company had 47 private and 18 corporate customers and the total volume of assets it managed 
was TL 65.8 billion. The company purchased 100% of the shares of Halk Portfoy Yonetimi A.Ş. and Vakıf Portfoy 
Yonetimi A.Ş. on 28 December 2018 and, on 31 January 2019, consolidating the government-owned banks’ business in this 
area by merging these companies into Ziraat Portföy Yönetim A.Ş. 
Ziraat Teknoloji A.Ş. was established in Turkey in 2001 and, as of 31 December 2020, was 100% owned by the 
Bank. The company (“Ziraat Teknoloji”) has been providing IT services to the Bank and its subsidiaries in the fields of 
infrastructure, integration system management, support operations, application development and technical consultancy. It 
also has developed several applications for the Bank in order to maximise operational efficiency and customer orientation. 
Ziraat Gayrimenkul Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş. was established in Turkey in November 2016 and, as of 31 December 
2020, was 100% owned by the Bank. The company’s management expects to diversify the company’s investment portfolio in 
accordance with the main business activities of the real estate investment partnerships in which it invests. 
Ziraat Girişim Sermayesi Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş. was established in Turkey in November 2018 and, as of 
31 December 2020, was 100% owned by the Bank. The company’s management expects to diversify the company’s 
investment portfolio in accordance with the main business activities of the venture capital investment partnerships in which it 
invests.

--- Page 159 ---
140 
Onko İlaç Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Ş., which operates in the chemicals industry, was 85.0% owned by the Bank as of 
31 December 2020, which acquired its shares in 2019 as part of a loan foreclosure process. As of 31 December 2020, the 
company had a total asset size (including licenses) of TL 806.7 million. 
Koçsel İlaç Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Ş., which operates in the chemicals industry, was 85.0% owned by the Bank as of 
31 December 2020, which acquired its shares in 2020 as part of a loan foreclosure process. As of 31 December 2020, the 
company had a total asset size of TL 47.7 million. 
Rinerji Rize Elektrik Üretim A.Ş., which operates in the energy industry, was 51.0% owned by the Bank as of 
31 December 2020, which acquired its shares in 2020 as part of a loan foreclosure process. As of 31 December 2020, the 
company had a total asset size of TL 56.8 million. 
The Turkish Treasury has announced that there was to be a consolidation of the state-owned insurance and life and 
private pension companies. In connection therewith, on 13 December 2019, the Bank commenced negotiations with the 
Turkey Wealth Fund in relation to the transfer to a new company to be established by the Turkey Wealth Fund of the shares 
held by the Bank in Türkiye Sigorta A.Ş. and Ziraat Hayat ve Emeklilik A.Ş. On 22 April 2020, the Bank and TVF Finansal 
Yatırımlar A.Ş. (“TVF Finansal”), a subsidiary of the Turkey Wealth Fund, signed share transfer agreements and concluded 
the transfer to TVF Finansal of the shares held by the Bank in: (a) Türkiye Sigorta A.Ş., which represented 99.97% of its 
share capital as of such date, and (b) Ziraat Hayat ve Emeklilik A.Ş., which represented 99.97% of its share capital as of such 
date. During the first three months of 2020, these companies earned 12.1% of the Group’s net income. 
In January 2021, the Bank obtained from Vakıfbank a 39.3% share of Keskinoğlu Tavukçuluk ve Damızlık İşl. San. 
Tic. A.Ş., increasing the Bank’s share in the company to 71.3%. In March 2021, the Bank (as part of a multi-party transaction 
resulting in a 20% stake in the company being sold to a joint venture between Tiryaki Holding and Matli Holding) sold 
15.4% of the shares in the company resulting in a remaining stake of 55.9%. 
Insurance 
The Bank’s fixed and liquid assets are covered by general insurance arrangements covering normal risks, the 
majority of which are provided by Türkiye Sigorta A.Ş. Loans that are secured by real estate are also required by the Bank to 
be insured against normal risks, such as fire, together with value protection. A majority of the Bank’s retail loan customers 
are required to have life insurance. The Bank does not maintain any credit risk insurance in relation to defaults by its 
customers as this is generally not available in Turkey. 
Properties 
As of 31 December 2020, the total net book value of the Bank’s property and equipment (principally comprising 
land, land improvements, buildings and computer hardware) was TL 6,748 billion, which was 0.7% of its total assets. The 
Group maintains comprehensive insurance coverage on all of the real estate properties that it owns. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank owned 739 properties and leased 1,019 properties for use in its operations. The 
leased properties, as of such date, were leased for an average period of nine years. In 2020, the Bank had TL 12.7 million of 
rental expenses and rental income of TL 40.7 million for the properties used in its operations. 
Information Technology 
As the Bank is (as of 31 December 2020) the largest bank in Turkey in terms of total assets, the Bank seeks to 
develop and maintain an IT system in line with its leading position in the sector. In this context, the Bank maintains its 
primary data centre on its own premises, which data centre has been developed with sophisticated technology. This data 
centre was designed with high levels of security and capacity in order to support the Group’s business requirements and is 
monitored and managed on a 24/7 basis, with all active systems being constantly monitored in terms of capacity and 
performance. System and business continuity is sought to be maintained in accordance with international financial standards, 
including through the development of business contingency plans and processes. Wide area and local area network 
infrastructure has been designed in accordance with international standards in order to seek to maintain high levels of security 
and hardware/ISP redundancy for reliable communication.

--- Page 160 ---
141 
Communication-enabled business processes for human resource optimisation is widely deployed in the Bank and 
integrated with its subsidiaries through systems protected with high levels of security. 
In all customer-interface channels (e.g., branches, ATMs, mobile banking and internet banking), advanced 
technology is monitored closely from the perspective of physical security and data security. ATMs are protected against 
physical attacks by electromechanical systems and biometric access systems. Systems designed to prevent malicious card-
copying attempts have been deployed in all of the Bank’s ATMs. To combat malicious attacks that might occur over the 
internet, the Bank’s systems have been updated, and the Bank has also deployed high-capacity products and platforms that 
seek to protect the Bank against “cyber attacks.” 
The Bank provides 24/7 service to its individual and corporate customers with hundreds of functions offered through 
its web and mobile banking channels, served on both iOS and Android platforms, and also offers an electronic wallet service 
to customers. 
The Bank established a cyber security centre, which is designed and implemented with appropriate human resources 
and organisational structures to provide timely action against cyber threats that may adversely affect the Bank’s image and 
business processes. The cyber security centre is monitored 24/7 and updated periodically in line with market standards. 
IT Infrastructure 
The Bank transformed its core banking backend services to REST-based service architecture from Microsoft.Net 
versions and, in 2020, completed a transformation programme that converted its Windows-based interfaces to web 
applications. The Bank uses Oracle Database and Oracle Exadata platforms with a high total processing capacity and also 
uses application programming interface (“API”) gateway products for B2B integrations and public APIs. The Bank 
previously developed its own cloud native applications on its own on-premise cloud environment but recently started a 
migration of these applications to the new RedHat OpenShift platformme. 
The Bank’s data is stored centrally and the banking information of customers is kept in secure database systems. All 
of the Bank’s branches are connected to the Application Server Platform. Infrastructure for development, testing, training and 
acceptance environments are similar to that for the production environment in order to attain high quality development 
processes. The entire core banking system relies upon a single data (customer) model in order to maintain a single and unique 
entry system for specific data. 
The Bank has made significant strides in software development, network infrastructure, storage management, 
database management and IT security infrastructure and has invested heavily in the IT infrastructure as part of the 
transformation process to reduce costs and enhance capabilities in digital channels. Moreover, there has been significant 
reporting and data analytics activities in the data warehouse system for many years. The SAP Business Objects and Qlikview 
platforms have been used for business intelligence platforms. SPSS and SAS analytical tools have also been used for data 
mining activities. The Bank frequently makes additional investments to improve its IT infrastructure in areas such as data 
visualisation, machine learning, artificial intelligence, software governance and next generation data centres. 
Through these improvements, the Bank’s management expects that the Bank will achieve more modern and 
technological flexibility, increase the level of IT security, increase the core banking system’s processing performance, reduce 
costs in terms of storage cost per critical data unit and provide the Bank with data lines with each of its branches nationwide 
and abroad that might reduce telecommunication costs. In the Next Generation Data Centres, a network infrastructure with 
high bandwidth capacity has been established with application-based and server connections. In addition, all branch 
connections are provided as IPSECVPN and over fibre optic lines by using both the incumbent and alternative 
telecommunications operators. 
Data Recovery Systems 
The Bank maintains synchronised back up for all its critical systems. The Bank’s extended remote storage service is 
located and operated in both the Ankara Data Centre and the İstanbul Data Centre. In the event of a system failure in a data 
centre, the other side can be restored and kept running according to the determined recovery time objective and recovery 
point objective. The Bank tests the integrity of this system every year and no significant problems have been observed during

--- Page 161 ---
142 
these trial runs. The Bank’s central systems have not encountered any system wide failures that may affect its main banking 
activities. The systems are able to restart for maintenance when required. 
Outsourcing 
The Bank determines which services will be outsourced by conducting a feasibility study and comparing the cost 
and duration of developing the services in-house versus the services outsourced. 
Insurance 
The Bank’s fixed assets, cash in transit and cash in hand are covered by general insurance arrangements covering 
normal risks. Loans that are secured by real estate are also required by the Bank to be covered by fire and asset protection 
insurance with respect to secured assets. 
Employees 
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had 24,673 employees. Of these, 76% were employed in the Bank’s branches 
and the rest in its head office and regional offices. The average age of the Bank’s employees as of such date was 
approximately 37 years, while the average number of years that professional staff has been with the Bank was 13 years. 
The following table shows the number of employees of the Bank as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Employees at head and regional offices ............. 
5,308 
5,512 
5,815 
Employees at branches ....................................... 
19,339 
19,051 
18,858 
Total ............................................................ 
24,647 
24,563 
24,673 
The Bank places emphasis on ensuring that its employees have a sufficient level of education and experience for 
operational efficiency and effectiveness. As of 31 December 2020, 75.7% of the Bank’s employees had a bachelor’s degree, 
9.3% held masters or doctorate degrees and 15.0% had a secondary school education as their highest level of education. 
Although membership is not mandatory, as of 31 December 2020, 92% of the Bank’s total employees were 
members of BASS, the Turkish union for the banking industry. The Bank has a history of good relations with the union and 
there are no ongoing labour disputes with any of its employee groups. Every two years the Bank and BASS sign an 
agreement relating to salary structure for employees. Membership of BASS is open to bank employees only. 
Wage Determination. The Bank’s personnel are divided into four groups: senior manager, manager, deputy manager 
and assistant. Under these four groups, different levels have been defined in order to determine the title, wage, fringe benefits 
and bonus schemes of each employee. 
Minimum and maximum wages are determined by the Board of Directors. Individual compensation is based upon 
qualification and performance parameters. As is customary in large Turkish companies, employees receive one extra monthly 
salary payment four times a year in January, April, July and October. 
All employee wages have two components: salary and compensation. Base salary and compensation ceilings are 
determined at the board level whereas individual compensations are determined by the Bank’s General Manager. As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, all personnel participate in a group-based performance award mechanism that focuses on the 
Bank’s branches. 
According to the articles of association of the Bank (the “Articles”), the Bank may distribute a dividend (that is, a 
bonus payment) to its board members and employees if it is approved by the General Assembly. The dividend to be 
distributed to each board member/employee shall not exceed three times the gross salary of such board member/employee. In 
accordance with the decision taken in the General Assembly meeting of the year 2018, which was carried out on 27 May 
2019, from a total amount of TL 7,960,938 thousand net profit from continued operations in 2018 that was subject to

--- Page 162 ---
143 
distribution: (a) TL 169,856 in deferred income tax was deducted, (b) TL 389,554 thousand was transferred to the Bank’s 
general legal reserve and (c) the remaining TL 7,401,528 thousand was included in the profit or loss category of the Bank’s 
shareholders’ equity. 
Pensions and Termination Benefits. In accordance with Turkish law, the Bank and its subsidiaries in Turkey are 
required to make lump-sum severance payments to each employee who has completed one year of service with the Bank and 
whose employment is terminated due to retirement or for reasons other than resignation, such as end of contract term or 
misconduct. Such severance payments are unfunded since there is no funding requirement in Turkey. 
The cost of providing such severance payments is determined by an actuarial calculation using the projected unit 
credit method. All actuarial gains and losses related thereto are recognised in profit or loss. In calculating the related liability 
to be recorded in the financial statements for these severance payments, the Bank uses assumptions and estimates relating to, 
among other things, the discount rate to be used, expected turnover of employees and future change in salaries and 
compensation. These assumptions and estimates are reviewed regularly. The carrying value of employee severance payment 
provisions was TL 1,231 million as of 31 December 2020. See also “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Policies - Defined Benefit Plan” for information regarding the 
potential transfer of certain pension obligations to the SSF. 
Legal Proceedings 
In the ordinary course of business, the Bank is party to certain legal proceedings, whether as plaintiff or defendant, 
but the Bank’s management does not believe that any such legal proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, are likely to 
have a material adverse effect on the business of the Group or on the results of its operations or financial condition. 
An administrative fine of TL 110 million was imposed upon the Bank by the Ministry of Trade and, on 7 September 
2015, the Bank paid TL 83 million in full settlement of the fine using a 25% prepayment discount for early payments of 
administrative fines. On 9 September 2015, the Bank initiated a lawsuit seeking cancellation and suspension of this fine. On 
16 June 2016, the 2nd Administrative Court of Ankara rejected the annulment action that the Bank filed, which decision the 
Bank appealed to the Council of State. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the lawsuit is pending. 
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-Bribery 
Turkey is a member country of the Financial Action Task Force and has enacted laws to combat money laundering, 
terrorist financing and other financial crimes. Minimum standards and duties include customer identification, record keeping, 
suspicious activity reporting, risk management and monitoring activities, employee training, audit functions and designation 
of a compliance officer. Suspicious transactions must be reported to the Financial Crimes Investigation Board (Mali Suçları 
Araştırma Kurulu) (the “FCIB”), which is the Turkish financial intelligence unit. In Turkey, all banks and their employees 
are obliged to implement and fulfil certain requirements regarding the treatment of activities that may be referred to as 
money-laundering or terrorist financing. 
The main provisions of the applicable law include regulation of: (a) client identification, (b) reporting of suspicious 
activity, (c) training, internal audit and control, risk management systems and other measures, (d) periodical reporting, (e) 
information and document disclosure, (f) retention of records and data, (g) data access systems to public records, (h) 
protection of individuals and legal entities and (i) written declaration of beneficial owners by transacting customers, among 
other provisions. Suspicious transactions must be reported to the FCIB. 
It is the policy of the Bank (including its entire domestic and overseas branch network) and each of the Bank’s 
subsidiaries to act in compliance with all applicable laws and international standards on combating money laundering and 
terrorism financing, including to prohibit money laundering and any activities facilitating the money laundering process, the 
financing of terrorism or criminal activities; provided that the Bank’s overseas branches and subsidiaries must comply with 
the applicable laws of their host country. 
The Bank seeks to prevent the use of the Group’s banking products and services for the purpose of money 
laundering and terrorism financing by ensuring full and absolute compliance of its management and other employees with all 
applicable laws and standards. The Group’s anti-money laundering and terrorism financing policy is reviewed on an annual

--- Page 163 ---
144 
basis and updated whenever required in order to ensure and maintain compliance with applicable law and international 
standards. 
Compliance with Sanctions Laws 
It is the policy of the Bank (including its entire domestic and overseas branch network) and each of the Bank’s 
subsidiaries to carry out operations in accordance with all applicable law and international standards. The Group’s policy is 
to comply with certain international sanctions programs, including particularly the sanctions imposed by the United Nations 
Security Council, the United States, the European Union and Turkey. The Group’s policy is to not provide services to 
countries and activities subject to such sanctions, or to intermediate any banking service, in breach of such sanctions. 
The Group’s policy is to not enter into impermissible business relations with Persons listed on applicable sanctions 
list, not conduct impermissible transactions requested/ordered by such Persons and not intermediate impermissible 
transactions that (to the Group’s knowledge) directly or indirectly involve such Persons. The Bank regularly scans the 
applicable sanctions list to determine whether any existing customers have become subjected to sanctions and, if such a 
customer is identified, the Group terminates its relationship with such customer. 
Credit Ratings 
Each of the Bank’s credit ratings (and, where relevant, ratings outlook) from Fitch, Moody’s and JCR Eurasia as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus is set out below. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The date of the Bank’s rating 
is based upon the last applicable report of the applicable rating agency. 
Fitch (26 February 2021) 
Long-term Foreign Currency Issuer Default Rating/Outlook:  
B+/Negative 
Short-term Foreign Currency Issuer Default Rating:  
B 
Long-term Local Currency Issuer Default Rating/Outlook: 
 
BB-/Stable 
Short-term Local Currency Issuer Default Rating: 
 
B 
National Long-term Rating/Outlook/Outlook: 
AA (tur)/Stable 
Support Rating:  
4 
Support Rating Floor: 
B 
Viability Rating:  
b+ 
Moody’s (10 December 2020) 
Long-term Foreign Currency Deposit Rating/Outlook: 
B2/Negative 
Short-term Foreign Currency Deposit Rating: 
Not Prime 
Long-term Local Currency Deposit Rating/Outlook:  
B2/Negative 
Short-term Local Currency Deposit Rating: 
Not Prime 
BCA (Baseline Credit Assessment): 
caa1 
Senior Unsecured Debt Rating/Outlook/Outlook: 
  
B2/Negative 
JCR Eurasia (30 December 2020) 
Long-term International Foreign Currency Rating/Outlook: 
 
BB+/Negative 
Short-term International Foreign Currency Rating/Outlook: 
 
B/Negative 
Long-term International Local Currency Rating/Outlook: 
BB+/Negative 
Short-term International Local Currency Rating/Outlook: 
B/Negative 
Long-term National Local Currency Rating/Outlook:  
AAA (Trk)/Stable 
Short-term National Local Currency Rating/Outlook:  
A-1+ (TrK)/Stable 
Sponsored Support: 
1 
Stand-Alone: 
 
A 
Fitch, which is established in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended, as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the FCA on its website (https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-

--- Page 164 ---
145 
rating-agencies/registered-certified-cras). As Fitch is not registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”) or included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation, Fitch’s 
rating of any Tranche is expected to be endorsed (and Fitch’s rating of the Bank is endorsed) by its affiliate Fitch Ratings 
Limited Ireland, which is established in the European Union and included in such list of credit rating agencies published by 
the ESMA. 
Moody’s is established in the United Kingdom and is registered under the UK CRA Regulation and, as such, is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the FCA on its website noted in the previous paragraph in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. As Moody’s is not registered under the EU CRA Regulation or included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website noted in the previous paragraph, Moody’s rating of any 
Tranche is expected to be endorsed (and Moody’s rating of the Bank is endorsed) by its affiliate Moody’s 
Deutscheland GmbH, which is established in the EU and included in such list of credit rating agencies published by the 
ESMA. 
JCR Eurasia, which is not established in the EU or the United Kingdom and is not registered in accordance with 
either the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, is not included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
ESMA or the FCA on their respective websites noted above.

--- Page 165 ---
146 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
General 
The Bank’s management believes that assessment and control of risk is critical to the Group’s success. The Group 
closely identifies, measures, monitors and manages the risks arising from its operations. The principal risks inherent in its 
business are credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk in the banking book, market risk (including interest rate risk in the 
trading book and foreign exchange rate risk) and operational risk. A summary of the Bank’s management of such risks is set 
forth below. See Section Four - note VIII to the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for year ended 
31 December 2020 for additional information on the management of these and other risks. 
Risk Management Organisation 
The Bank’s current system of risk control and risk management, including its operational risk framework, 
operational risk policy, application principles and emergency action plans, has been in place since 2001 and is fully 
integrated into the Bank’s internal systems for planning, management and control. In 2012 the Bank implemented a new 
credit scoring system. The Bank expects to continue to evaluate and develop its risk management system, which has been 
established both to meet the Bank’s ongoing internal risk management needs and to comply with legal and regulatory 
requirements and other applicable standards, including BRSA regulations and the Basel II and Basel III criteria. 
The Board is ultimately responsible for developing and monitoring the Bank’s risk management, internal control and 
internal audit and compliance policies and strategies. The Board approves the Bank’s general principles of risk control and 
risk management, its limits for all relevant risks and the procedures that the Bank applies in controlling and managing its 
risks. ICAAP reports, including stress test results, are submitted to the BRSA annually with the approval of the Board of 
Directors of the Bank. Reporting on asset and liability management is conducted within the relevant departments and reports 
are prepared on a daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly basis and presented at the Assets and Liabilities Committee’s 
meetings. 
In line with legal and regulatory requirements, the Board has established an Audit Committee whose mandate is to 
ensure that the Board’s monitoring functions are duly carried out. The Audit Committee is composed of two non-executive 
members of the Board. The Audit Committee reports to the Board on the results of the Bank’s risk management, internal 
control and internal audit activities, as well as its views on any other risk-related issues that it deems important. See 
“Management-Board Committees.” The Bank has also established a Risk Management department, an Internal Control 
department and a Board of Inspectors, all of which report to the Board through the Audit Committee. 
Risk Management Department 
The Risk Management Department is in charge of identifying, measuring, monitoring and reporting the Bank’s 
credit, liquidity, interest rate risk on balance sheet, market and operational risks, as well as ensuring compliance with the 
Basel III criteria and carrying out necessary stress tests on a monthly basis. The stress tests apply various sensitivity analyses 
on interest rates and foreign exchange parameters, as well as on certain credit and macroeconomic parameters. The capital 
adequacy ratio recommended by the BRSA, as well as the ratio that is required by the BRSA as a condition for banks to open 
new branches, is 12%. The Bank does not set a specific capital adequacy ratio in respect of stress tests. The capital adequacy 
policy of the Bank is for its capital adequacy ratio to be over 12% taking into account its internal growth projections. The 
mission of the Risk Management department is to ensure, together with senior management, that risks taken by the Bank 
align with its policies and are compatible with its profitability and credit-rating objectives. As of 31 December 2020, the Risk 
Management Department was comprised of a team of 25 employees trained in statistics, economics, engineering and 
management. 
Internal Control and Compliance Department 
Internal controls are conducted to ensure that the activities of the Bank are in compliance with all applicable laws 
and regulations, the reliability of the Bank’s accounting system and financial statements, operational efficiency and 
safeguarding of assets. The scope, method and implementation of the controls are revised in accordance with the Bank’s 
policies and strategies. The activities carried out by the Bank’s domestic and international branches and head office units are

--- Page 166 ---
147 
controlled and the results are reported to senior management to determine an appropriate action to be taken. Compliance 
controls are performed to ensure that the Bank is in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, internal policies and 
guidelines and established banking practices. The Internal Control Department is also responsible for reviewing business 
flows and making recommendations for improving the Bank’s overall operational efficiency. The activities of internal control 
department are reported periodically to Audit Committee. As of 31 December 2020, the Internal Control Department was 
staffed by 98 internal controllers. 
Board of Auditors 
The Board of Auditors is responsible for monitoring the activities of the Bank to ensure that these activities are 
carried out in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and other applicable standards (domestic or international), 
as well as the Bank’s own internal strategies, ethics code, policy guidelines and targets. The Board of Auditors inspects and 
audits the entire business, both the domestic units and the units abroad, in an attempt to identify any deficiencies, errors or 
misconduct and to conserve the Bank’s assets and the efficiency of the Bank’s operations. 
The Board of Auditors performs its activities independently in line with a written, Board-approved and risk-based 
internal audit plan. Results of audit activities are quarterly reported to the Board through the Audit Committee. By means of 
this reporting process, the Audit Committee is able to oversee the Bank’s internal audit function. Audit reports are made and 
could also be watched in internal audit system, which is embedded in the core banking system. Each internal audit findings 
has both a significance level and a deadline so that each finding is highly followed in the system. 
In addition, the Board of Auditors gives advice and makes proposals for the elimination of any deficiencies and for 
the prevention of the recurrence of detected errors or misconduct. Furthermore, the Board of Auditors assesses the accuracy 
and reliability of non-financial information and reporting forwarded to the Board and the BRSA. As of 31 December 2020, 
the Board of Inspectors was staffed by 133 auditors. 
Management of Specific Risks 
The Bank’s risk management processes are distinguished by the type of risk, as set out below. 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is the risk that counterparties may be unable to meet their obligations in accordance with the terms of 
their agreements with the Bank. The Bank is subject to credit risk through its lending, trading, hedging and investing 
activities and in cases where it acts as an intermediary on behalf of third parties. The Bank’s primary credit risk exposure 
relates to its lending activities and is focused in Turkey where its main operations take place. 
The Bank manages its exposure to credit risk through involvement with highly credible banks and entities. Exposure 
to credit risk is also managed through regular analysis of the ability of borrowers and potential borrowers to meet interest and 
capital repayment obligations and by changing lending limits where appropriate. The Bank also attempts to obtain adequate 
collateral for loans given and other receivables. Such collateral may include guarantees, mortgages on property, government 
securities, cash blockages and customer or real person cheques. 
The Bank rates each of its loans given to its corporate customers, and rates many of its loans to its SME customers, 
using the internal risk rating methodologies described below in “-Internal Risk Rating Methodologies for Loans to 
Companies.” The Bank requires additional guarantees from its customers with high risk ratings, does not provide loans to 
such customers or applies strategies in order to decrease the level of risk from loans to such customers. 
As prescribed in the Regulation on “Determining the Nature of Loan and Other Receivable Provisions Allocated By 
the Banks and Procedures and Principles of Allocating Provisions,” the creditworthiness of the debtors of the loans and other 
receivables is monitored regularly. Loan limits and guarantee factors are monitored and updated at least once a year and also 
as deemed necessary and in accordance with changes in economic conditions. 
The Risk Management Department monitors the Bank’s exposure to credit risk by generating and submitting semi-
annual reports on credit risk to the Board. Reports show the development of performing loan portfolios and NPL portfolios,

--- Page 167 ---
148 
distribution by sector and region of performing cash corporate loans, concentration of top 10, 20 and 50 corporate customers. 
Credit risk limits and stress testing results are monitored on a monthly basis and vintage analysis is conducted semi-annually. 
As of 31 December 2020, the share of cash loans from the Bank’s top 100 cash loan customers was 20.0% of its total cash 
loans and 7.1% from the Bank’s top 10 cash loan customers. As of 31 December 2020, the share of non-cash loans from the 
Bank’s top 100 non-cash loan customers was 52.0% of its total non-cash loans and 17.8% of the Bank’s top 10 non-cash loan 
customers. 
In the Bank, IRB Project studies were carried out with a third-party. The Bank completed its construction of a Basel 
data warehouse at the end of 2018 and (as a result of the completion of a behavioural data framework) the modelling of the 
probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and exposure at default (EAD) risk parameters were finalised in the 
second half of 2020. A project of validation of IRB models (PD, EAD and LGD models) started in the second half of 2020 
and, according to the plan, the validation process is expected to be finished in the first half of 2021. 
Counterparty Credit Risk 
Counterparty credit risk is concerned with financial derivatives, repos, securities, long-term swaps and loan 
exchanges. In the scope of counterparty credit risk management, International ISDA and GMRA contracts have been signed 
with large banks. The Bank’s counterparty credit risk and related credit valuation adjustment (CVA) are monitored on 
consolidated and non-consolidated basis monthly and included in credit risk weighted assets in capital adequacy ratio 
calculations. 
Credit-Related Commitments 
The primary purpose of these instruments is to ensure that funds are available to a customer as required. Guarantees 
and standby letters of credit (which represent irrevocable assurances that the Bank will make payments in the event that a 
customer cannot meet its obligations to third parties) carry the same credit risk as loans. Documentary and commercial letters 
of credit (which are written undertakings by the Bank on behalf of a customer authorising a third party to draw drafts on the 
Bank up to a stipulated amount under specific terms and conditions) are collateralised by the underlying shipments of goods 
to which they relate and therefore carry less risk than a direct borrowing. Commitments to extend credit represent unused 
portions of authorisations to extend credit in the form of loans, guarantees or letters of credit. With respect to credit risk on 
commitments to extend credit, the Bank is potentially exposed to loss in an amount equal to the total unused commitments. 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from an institution’s inability to meet 
its liabilities when they fall due without incurring unacceptable costs. It reflects the potential mismatch of payment 
obligations to incoming payments, taking into account unexpected delays in repayments (term liquidity risk) or unexpectedly 
high payment outflows (withdrawal/call risk). Liquidity risk involves the risk of unexpected mismatches in maturities of 
assets and liabilities and the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely manner on reasonable terms. 
The Bank’s liquidity management policies and methods that are used to monitor their implementation are set out in 
the “Risk Management, Stress Testing and ICAAP Manual” adopted by the Bank in accordance with the BRSA regulations. 
Under this regulation, the Bank defines liquidity risk as the combination of liquidity risk related to funding and market. 
Liquidity risk related to funding is defined as the probability of losing money due to the fact that the Bank might have 
difficulty in meeting its predictable or unpredictable liquidity need without affecting its daily operations or financial 
structure. Liquidity risk related to market is defined as the probability of losing money due to the fact that the Bank could not 
close or balance its positions at market price because of the shallow market or excess floating of the market. 
In terms of measuring and monitoring its liquidity risk, the Bank conducts time-to-maturity analysis, liquidity gap 
analysis, structural liquidity gap analysis and liquidity stress testing.

--- Page 168 ---
149 
Within the context of liquidity risk management the following indicators are monitored in terms of both domestic 
and foreign currency assets and liabilities separately: 

maturity mismatch between assets and liabilities, 

levels of cash and cash-like primary liquid reserves that is crucial for the Bank to maintain its daily banking 
activities, 

availability of secondary reserves, which have the potential of converting into cash with low price risk 
according to the central bank liquidity conveniences, and other borrowing facilities from money and financial 
markets that can be utilised in case of an unexpected liquidity requirement at internal or external based market 
floating, and 

maintaining scenario and sensitivity analyses. 
Furthermore within the scope of liquidity studies of Basel III reform proposals, as of 21 March 2014, the BRSA has 
implemented Liquidity Coverage Ratio with its “Regulation on Calculation of the Liquidity Coverage Ratio of Banks.” Even 
though the reporting started from early 2014, the implementation of non-compliance with the legal limits entered in to force 
in early 2015. The Bank’s relevant ratios had been compliant with the limits established by the BRSA’s regulations in 
advance of their full implementation.  
The Bank uses domestic and foreign markets for its liquidity needs. The Bank’s senior management believes the 
Bank has relatively low external capital requirements, which historically, it has met by borrowing on local markets; however, 
the Bank is seeking to expand its wholesale borrowing, particularly to meet its need for longer-term liabilities due to the 
asset-liability mismatch common to many Turkish banks. Potential cash sources include syndicated loans, money market 
borrowings from domestic banks and repurchase transactions in international markets, as well as through the issuance of debt 
instruments into international debt capital markets. In March 2019, the Bank closed a US$1,425 million, 367 day term loan 
with a syndicate of 40 international lenders. The Bank is also expanding its diversified funding base through bilateral loan 
facilities from its correspondent banks. In this context, as of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s bilateral loan book together with 
post-finance trade loans amounted to US$1.9 billion. In addition, the Bank cooperates with IFIs such as the World Bank, the 
EIB, KfW, the AFD and the CEB, which provide the Bank with access to long-term funding opportunities to address the 
investment and working capital needs of its SME and other customers.
Historically, the Bank’s primary source of funding has been its deposits from customers. As of 31 December 2020, 
deposits from customers (excluding interbank deposits) represented 63.2% of the Bank’s total liabilities and equity (4.0% and 
56.9%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019 and 2018). 
The Group’s investment securities portfolio consists of its financial assets measured at fair value through profit or 
loss, measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and measured at amortised cost. As of 31 December 2020, 
93.7% of the Bank’s investment securities portfolio was composed of financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income and financial assets measured at amortised cost. 
The matching and controlled mismatching of the maturities and interest rates of assets and liabilities is fundamental 
to the management of the Bank. It is unusual for banks to be completely matched, as transacted business is often for an 
uncertain term and of different types. Furthermore, due to the short-term maturity structure of deposits in Turkey, maturity 
mismatches are a common problem for Turkish banks. An unmatched position potentially enhances profitability, but also 
increases the risk of losses. To minimise these risks and losses senior management conducts time to maturity, liquidity gap, 
structural liquidity gap and liquidity stress test analyses.

--- Page 169 ---
150 
The following tables set out information about the remaining maturities of the Bank’s assets and liabilities as of the 
indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 2020 
Demand 
Up to 
1 month 
1-3 months 
3-12 months 
1 year to 5 
years 
Over 5 years 
Undistributed 
(1)
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Assets
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, 
money in transit, cheques 
purchased) and balances with 
the Central Bank of Republic of 
Turkey ........................................... 
31,984,812
56,058,052
-
-
-
-
-
88,042,864
Banks.............................................
1,491,234
1,079,605
104,894
112,877
-
-
-
2,788,610
Financial assets measured at fair 
value through profit or loss.........
-
250,791
4,396,058
6,723,493
2,398,967
9,077
527,066
14,305,452
Money market receivables..........
-
206,435
-
-
-
-
-
206,435
Financial assets measured at fair 
value through other 
comprehensive income ...............
-
2,677,478
5,294,527
20,591,070
92,386,342
60,420,862
258,651
181,628,930
Loans given..................................
-
21,613,642
51,901,816
165,350,744
251,217,641
88,192,516
3,630,883
581,907,242
Other financial assets measured 
at amortised cost .......................... 
-
2,778,965
60,954
786,418
14,541,254
11,515,097
-
29,682,688
Other assets .................................. 
6,584,643
830,300
2,179,077
965,538
138,986
1,135,581
32,204,918
44,039,043
Total assets(2) ......................
40,060,689
85,495,268
63,937,326
194,530,140
360,683,190
161,273,133
36,621,518
942,601,264
Liabilities
Interbank deposits........................
2,224,762
21,112,800
5,321,633
5,335,367
-
-
-
33,994,562
Other deposits ..............................
196,117,421
257,479,226
91,471,261
48,878,346
1,929,095
4,297
-
595,879,646
Funds provided from other 
financial instruments...................
-
1,947,014
4,308,147
13,919,442
13,001,237
3,774,373
-
36,950,213
Money market borrowings .........
-
109,114,222
5,135,012
849,452
1,302,783
-
-
116,401,469
Issued marketable securities(3)....
-
-
54,086
4,197,437
23,151,207
-
-
27,402,730
Sundry creditors...........................
4,825,438
8,353,092
-
-
-
-
-
13,178,530
Other liabilities ............................. 
6,093,460
2,544,502
1,637,727
924,266
1,137,094
7,288,665
99,168,400
118,794,114
Total liabilities ................... 
209,261,081
400,550,856
107,927,866
74,104,310
40,521,416
11,067,335
99,168,400
942,601,264
Liquidity gap ..............................
(169,200,392)
(315,055,588)
(43,990,540)
120,425,830
320,161,774
150,205,798
(62,546,882)
-
Net off-balance sheet position....
-
(963,027)
1,397,741
94,499
-
269,733
-
798,946
Financial derivative assets..........
-
110,395,898
32,821,678
7,736,121
1,972
1,285,078
-
152,240,747
Financial derivative liabilities....
-
111,358,925
31,423,937
7,641,622
1,972
1,015,345
-
151,441,801
Non-cash loans ............................. 
45,889,502
5,141,023
12,280,900
40,839,942
32,670,733
5,916,627
-
142,738,727
(1) Assets that are required for banking operations and could not be converted into cash in the short term, such as tangible assets, associates, subsidiaries and 
entities under common control, office supply inventory, prepaid expenses and net NPLs as well as securities representing a share in capital, and other 
liabilities such as provisions that are not considered as payables and equity, are classified as undistributed. 
(2) Expected credit losses for financial assets and other assets are recognised in the related accounts. 
(3) Includes subordinated debt.

--- Page 170 ---
151 
As of 31 December 2019 
Demand 
Up to 
1 month 
1-3 months 
3-12 months 
1 year to 5 
years 
Over 5 years 
Undistributed 
(1)
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Assets
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, 
money in transit, cheques 
purchased) and Balances with 
the Central Bank of Republic of 
Turkey...........................................
23,053,613
29,153,534
-
-
-
-
-
52,207,147
Banks.............................................
4,334,021
457,130
-
61,906
-
-
-
4,853,057
Financial assets measured at fair 
value through profit or loss.........
-
2,711
59,230
964,823
863,995
7,126
-
1,897,885
Financial assets measured at fair 
value through other 
comprehensive income ............... 
-
4,318,871
3,370,109
14,738,630
43,413,187
44,515,781
530,139
110,886,717
Loans given .................................. 
-
22,018,960
30,229,639
159,821,661
179,151,774
39,326,022
4,426,443
434,974,499
Other financial assets measured 
at amortised cost .......................... 
-
203,143
84,298
710,377
12,827,723
3,722,173
-
17,547,714
Other assets ..................................
3,589,158
1,092,860
1,331,551
401,414
51,871
12,881
20,580,841
27,060,576
Total assets(2) ......................
30,976,792
57,575,805
35,074,827
176,698,811
236,308,550
87,583,983
25,537,423
649,756,191
Liabilities
Interbank deposits........................
3,528,208
20,677,298
6,868,724
405,635
-
-
-
31,479,865
Other deposits ..............................
120,487,355
181,212,525
67,151,700
45,380,395
1,535,725
3,408
-
415,771,108
Funds provided from other 
financial instruments ................... 
-
4,170,768
2,308,929
14,165,293
10,442,436
3,441,064
-
34,528,490
Money market borrowings ......... 
-
45,101,031
2,948,343
541,873
684,163
-
-
49,275,410
Securities issued(3)........................ 
-
54,957
1,841,279
1,121,293
19,654,454
-
-
22,671,983
Sundry creditors ........................... 
3,330,150
4,159,997
-
-
-
-
-
7,490,147
Other liabilities.............................
4,299,648
2,392,164
1,103,807
422,109
921,942
6,891,682
72,507,836
88,539,188
Total liabilities ................... 
131,645,361
257,768,740
82,222,782
62,036,598
33,238,720
10,336,154
72,507,836
649,756,191
Liquidity gap ..............................
-
143,676
(34,663)
(88,465)
670,218
18,825
-
709,591
Net off-balance sheet position .... 
-
71,356,363
24,683,220
6,719,809
1,357,756
735,875
-
104,853,023
Financial derivative assets .......... 
-
71,212,687
24,717,883
6,808,274
687,538
717,050
-
104,143,432
Financial derivative liabilities .... 
40,586,579
5,911,961
10,856,336
33,280,829
24,150,009
5,038,899
-
119,824,613
Non-cash loans ............................. 
23,053,613
29,153,534
-
-
-
-
-
52,207,147
(1) Assets that are required for banking operations and could not be converted into cash in the short term, such as tangible assets, associates, subsidiaries and 
entities under common control, office supply inventory, prepaid expenses and net NPLs as well as securities representing a share in capital, and other 
liabilities such as provisions that are not considered as payables and equity, are classified as undistributed. 
(2) Allowance for expected credit losses for financial assets and other assets are recognised in the related account. 
(3) Securities issued includes subordinated debt instruments.

--- Page 171 ---
152 
As of 31 December 2018 
Demand 
Up to 
1 month 
1-3 months 
3-12 months 
1 year to 5 
years 
Over 5 years 
Undistributed 
(1)(2)(3)
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Assets
Cash (cash in vault, 
effectives, money in transit, 
cheques purchased) and 
balances with the Central 
Bank the Republic of Turkey
18,516,763
21,974,449
-
-
-
-
-
40,491,212
Banks........................................
2,370,766
3,318,379
10,879
45,483
-
-
-
5,745,507
Financial assets measured at 
fair value through profit or 
loss............................................
-
3,039
8,478
3,234
18,451
5,966
6,692,456
6,731,624
Financial assets measured at 
fair value through other 
comprehensive income .......... 
-
691,413
3,656,742
8,291,799
31,106,069
34,271,449
370,051
78,387,523
Loans given ............................. 
-
18,827,446
23,489,893
148,970,294
147,769,313
29,777,618
2,111,930
370,946,494
Other financial assets 
measured at amortised cost .... 
-
492,123
883,236
1,944,981
3,514,466
3,418,449
-
10,253,255
Other assets .............................
5,238,470
414,266
1,295,787
355,415
81,474
10,437
17,204,663
24,600,512
Total assets(4) .................
26,125,999
45,721,115
29,345,015
159,611,206
182,489,773
67,483,919
26,379,100
537,156,127
Liabilities 
Interbank deposits ................... 
4,742,133
15,187,956
5,292,517
446,008
-
-
-
25,668,614
Other deposits ......................... 
82,249,621
138,434,298
44,985,092
38,487,845
1,196,461
44,552
-
305,397,869
Funds provided from other 
financial instruments .............. 
-
4,217,260
3,203,479
12,126,167
11,249,921
3,374,826
-
34,171,653
Money market borrowings .... 
-
64,077,480
2,671,990
1,118,379
482,947
-
-
68,350,796
Issued marketable securities .. 
-
1,088,127
896,197
4,030,908
9,415,236
-
-
15,430,468
Sundry creditors ...................... 
3,270,068
2,045,910
-
-
-
-
-
5,315,978
Other liabilities ........................ 
13,094,327
1,908,929
1,810,151
351,953
281,683
6,143,957
59,229,749
82,820,749
Total liabilities .............. 
103,356,149
226,959,960
58,859,426
56,561,260
22,626,248
9,563,335
59,229,749
537,156,127
Liquidity gap .........................
(77,230,150)
(181,238,845)
(29,514,411)
103,049,946
159,863,525
57,920,584
(32,850,649)
-
Net off-balance sheet position
..................................................
-
(296,539)
(910,708)
239,414
672,964
-
-
(294,869)
Financial derivative assets.....
-
35,631,390
15,398,589
3,000,559
1,793,273
-
-
55,823,811
Financial derivative liabilities
-
35,927,929
16,309,297
2,761,145
1,120,309
-
-
56,118,680
Non-cash loans........................
43,512,657
4,219,665
9,073,114
34,559,942
25,159,538
4,660,104
-
121,185,020
(1) Assets that are required for banking operations and could not be converted into cash in the short term, such as tangible assets, associates, subsidiaries and 
entities under common control, office supply inventory, prepaid expenses and net NPLs as well as securities representing a share in capital, and other 
liabilities such as provisions that are not considered as payables and equity, are classified as undistributed. 
(2) Deferred tax asset is included under the “Undistributed” column. 
(3) NPLs (net of the related provisions for expected loss of stage 3 loans) are presented in the “undistributed” column. 
(4) Allowance for expected credit losses for financial assets and other assets are recognised in the related account. 
Market Risk 
Market risk arises from the uncertainty concerning changes in market prices and rates (including interest rates and 
foreign exchange rates) and their levels of volatility. The most important component of market risk that the Bank faces is 
interest rate risk in trading book. 
The Bank seeks to hedge market risk in accordance with the Regulation on “Measurement and Assessment of 
Capital Adequacy of Banks.” The Board sets the limits for the level of market risk that the Bank may be exposed to. Those 
limits are reviewed and revised periodically in line with market conditions and the strategies of the Bank. 
The interest rate and exchange rate risks relating to the financial positions taken by the Bank (both on balance sheet 
and off balance sheet) are measured and monitored by the Risk Management department. In the computation of capital 
adequacy, the amount subject to Value At Risk (“VAR”) is calculated by using the standard method as required by the BRSA. 
Beside the standard method, VAR is also calculated by using the Bank’s internal model. In order to measure the performance 
of the internal model, retrospective tests of model outputs are performed regularly. In addition, stress tests and scenario 
analyses are carried out periodically to measure the effects of unexpected events on the Bank’s capital adequacy ratios.

--- Page 172 ---
153 
Internal model VAR is calculated with a confidence interval of 99% and a one day holding period daily by three different 
methods – historical simulation, parametric and Monte Carlo simulation. Internal reporting is made by using Weighted 
Historical Simulation Methodology only. 
Standard method VAR results are reported to BRSA on consolidated and non-consolidated basis monthly. In 
addition, daily market risk analysis reports are prepared and presented to relevant personnel, including the heads of the 
Bank’s Treasury Management and Risk Management departments. 
The tables below set out the Bank’s standard method VAR (calculated using the Bank internal method as required 
by the BRSA) as of and for the indicated years. 
As of and for year ended 31 December 2020 
Interest rate VAR(1)
Currency VAR(1)
Total VAR(2)
(TL thousands) 
As of 31 December 2020 ...................... 
32,070,975 
5,800,699 
38,928,246 
Average ................................................. 
26,818,139 
18,751,112 
46,493,885 
Maximum .............................................. 
26,263,150 
37,807,066 
64,992,225 
Minimum .............................................. 
20,005,023 
3,384,298 
24,664,225 
As of and for year ended 31 December 2019 
Interest rate VAR(1)
Currency VAR(1)
Total VAR(2)
(TL thousands) 
As of 31 December 2019 ...................... 
15,582,666 
11,125,614 
27,461,275 
Average ................................................. 
11,325,438 
4,685,606 
16,656,347 
Maximum .............................................. 
15,582,666 
11,125,614 
27,461,275 
Minimum .............................................. 
10,750,758 
923,189 
12,339,839 
As of and for year ended 31 December 2018 
Interest rate VAR(1)
Currency VAR(1)
Total VAR(2)
(TL thousands) 
As of 31 December 2018 ...................... 
11,638,176 
2,084,285 
14,176,551 
Average ................................................. 
14,368,451 
3,362,880 
19,238,630 
Maximum .............................................. 
15,928,566 
9,155,403 
24,947,871 
Minimum .............................................. 
11,537,767 
954,162 
14,176,551 
(1) Maximum and minimum rows were designed according to the related total VAR numbers. 
(2) Total VAR shows the total of interest rate, currency, equity, and counterparty credit risk VAR numbers.
Currency Risk 
Foreign currency risk is the risk of losses due to adverse exchange rate movements in the market. Foreign currency 
denominated assets and liabilities, together with forward purchase and sale commitments, give rise to foreign currency 
exposure. 
The Bank’s foreign currency exposure is limited as a result of its hedging strategy; however, potential currency risks 
are calculated at monthly periods through the standard method required by the BRSA and daily through the internal VAR 
models so that the Bank’s currency risk can be monitored. The Bank manages foreign currency risk primarily by using 
natural hedges that arise from offsetting foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. When deemed necessary, the 
Bank enters into foreign currency swap transactions with other banks. 
The following tables set out the Bank’s concentrations of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items in various 
foreign currencies as of the indicated dates:

--- Page 173 ---
154 
As of 31 December 2020
Euro
US$
Other 
Foreign 
Currency
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Assets: 
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, money in transit, cheques 
purchased) and balances with the Central Bank of 
Turkey ...............................................................................  
33,376,707 
31,031,975 
15,681,047 
80,089,729 
Due from banks.................................................................  
850,551 
657,042 
703,121 
2,210,714 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or 
loss ....................................................................................  
— 
536,369 
13,734,743 
14,271,112 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income .....................................................  
9,012,858 
81,933,511 
111,488 
91,057,857 
Loans ................................................................................  
56,163,537 
81,959,885 
180,416 
138,303,838 
Equity investments ............................................................  
2,135,872 
1,250,272 
— 
3,386,144 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost .....................  
13,612,524 
3,586,330 
21,228 
17,220,082 
Property and equipment ....................................................  
18,779 
2,517 
16,416 
37,712 
Intangible assets ................................................................  
7,350 
3,750 
6,845 
17,945 
Other assets .......................................................................  
1,532,680 
3,521,107 
83,066 
5,136,853 
Total assets.................................................................
116,710,858 
204,482,758 
30,538,370 
351,731,986 
Liabilities: 
Interbank deposits .............................................................  
14,301,042 
1,057,490 
210,229 
15,568,761 
Foreign currency deposits .................................................  
132,547,536 
123,913,723 
51,097,852 
307,559,111 
Money markets borrowings ..............................................  
— 
23,569,739 
— 
23,569,739 
Funds provided from other financial institutions ..............  
9,884,720 
25,773,785 
226 
35,658,731 
Securities issued................................................................  
13,048,197 
13,343,843 
— 
26,392,040 
Miscellaneous payables ....................................................  
3,056,557 
646,947 
8,241 
3,711,745 
Other liabilities .................................................................  
655,219 
2,221,567 
119,982 
2,996,768 
Total liabilities ...........................................................
173,493,271 
190,527,094 
51,436,530 
415,456,895 
Net on balance sheet position ...........................................  
(56,782,413)
13,955,664
(20,898,160)
(63,724,909)
Net off balance sheet position ...........................................  
57,139,395
(22,147,912)
25,675,120
60,666,603
Derivative financial assets ................................................  
65,979,466 
80,811,919 
26,837,704 
173,629,089 
Derivative financial liabilities ...........................................  
8,840,071 
102,959,831 
1,162,584 
112,962,486 
Non-cash loans..................................................................  
41,442,739 
50,275,804 
7,993,955 
99,712,498

--- Page 174 ---
155 
As of 31 December 2019
Euro
US$
Other 
Foreign 
Currency
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Assets: 
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, money in transit, cheques 
purchased) and balances with the Central Bank of 
Turkey ...............................................................................  
22,846,355 
18,651,759 
7,863,131 
49,361,245 
Due from banks.................................................................  
680,765 
2,341,616 
1,701,028 
4,723,409 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or 
loss ....................................................................................  
— 
7,310 
— 
7,310 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income .....................................................  
7,776,245 
28,314,204 
91,541 
36,181,990 
Loans ................................................................................  
45,698,577 
72,832,201 
168,895 
118,699,673 
Equity investments ............................................................  
2,054,859 
1,202,256 
— 
3,257,115 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost .....................  
9,538,589 
3,530,039 
892 
13,069,520 
Property and equipment ....................................................  
9,331 
543 
6,506 
16,380 
Intangible assets ................................................................  
3,826 
— 
9,087 
12,913 
Other assets .......................................................................  
440,095 
825,315 
47,717 
1,313,127 
Total assets.................................................................
89,048,642 
127,705,243 
9,888,797 
226,642,682 
Liabilities: 
Interbank deposits .............................................................  
12,174,520 
4,144,935 
155,564 
16,475,019 
Foreign currency deposits .................................................  
97,628,372 
72,541,137 
19,574,897 
189,744,406 
Money markets borrowings ..............................................  
— 
20,473,527 
— 
20,473,527 
Funds provided from other financial institutions ..............  
9,184,172 
20,881,393 
510 
30,066,075 
Securities issued (net) .......................................................  
9,565,957 
9,683,463 
143,303 
19,392,723 
Miscellaneous payables ....................................................  
2,092,966 
315,425 
19,935 
2,428,326 
Other liabilities .................................................................  
522,008 
469,569 
216,347 
1,207,924 
Total liabilities ...........................................................
131,167,995 
128,509,449 
20,110,556 
279,788,000 
Net on balance sheet position......................................... 
(42,119,353) 
(804,206) 
(10,221,759) 
(53,145,318) 
Net off balance sheet position ...........................................  
44,304,336 
(12,237,928) 
9,701,530 
41,767,938 
Derivative financial assets ................................................  
50,670,614 
62,729,032 
10,593,739 
123,993,385 
Derivative financial liabilities ...........................................  
6,366,278 
74,966,960 
892,209 
82,225,447 
Non-cash loans..................................................................  
32,279,847 
41,797,633 
6,626,573 
80,704,053

--- Page 175 ---
156 
As of 31 December 2018
Euro
US$
Other 
Foreign 
Currency
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Assets: 
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, money in transit, cheques 
purchased) and balances with the Central Bank of 
Turkey ...............................................................................  
15,586,616 
11,354,892 
8,725,600 
35,667,108 
Due from banks.................................................................  
525,296 
2,284,264 
2,071,118 
4,880,678 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or 
loss ....................................................................................  
2,086,278 
4,144,174 
— 
6,230,452 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income .....................................................  
5,253,290 
17,625,866 
81,685 
22,960,841 
Loans ................................................................................  
45,402,645 
74,190,478 
139,421 
119,732,544 
Equity investments ............................................................  
2,074,564 
1,148,364 
— 
3,222,928 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost .....................  
890,956 
3,958,304 
769 
4,850,029 
Property and equipment ....................................................  
8,012 
434 
4,128 
12,574 
Intangible assets ................................................................  
3,872 
— 
7,945 
11,817 
Other assets .......................................................................  
1,935,377 
1,009,939 
42,789 
2,988,105 
Total assets.................................................................
73,766,906 
115,716,715 
11,073,455 
200,557,076 
Liabilities: 
Interbank deposits .............................................................  
9,480,979 
7,577,952 
166,015 
17,224,946 
Foreign currency deposits .................................................  
78,047,132 
46,557,340 
11,000,428 
135,604,900 
Money markets borrowings ..............................................  
— 
12,390,480 
— 
12,390,480 
Funds provided from other financial institutions ..............  
9,379,455 
22,120,189 
3,396 
31,503,040 
Securities issued (net) .......................................................  
60,089 
12,462,206 
90,645 
12,612,940 
Miscellaneous payables ....................................................  
2,133,579 
39,531 
7,032 
2,180,142 
Other liabilities .................................................................  
2,488,244 
4,430,330 
1,611,179 
8,529,753 
Total liabilities ...........................................................
101,589,478 
105,578,028 
12,878,695 
220,046,201 
Net on balance sheet position .........................................  
(27,822,572) 
10,138,687 
(1,805,240) 
(19,489,125) 
Net off balance sheet position.........................................  
29,335,754 
(12,368,708) 
1,940,459 
18,907,505 
Derivative financial assets ................................................  
33,782,256 
31,635,082 
3,647,503 
69,064,841 
Derivative financial liabilities ...........................................  
4,446,502 
44,003,790 
1,707,044 
50,157,336 
Non-cash loans..................................................................  
33,562,849 
43,102,010 
6,372,730 
83,037,589 
Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book 
Interest rate risk is the risk of losses due to adverse interest rate movements in the market. The Bank is exposed to 
interest rate risk either through market value fluctuations of balance sheet items, for example, price risk, or the impact of rate 
changes on interest-sensitive assets and liabilities. Therefore, interest rate risk is a key component of the Bank’s asset and 
liability management. 
Interest rate risk on banking accounts is defined as the possibility that a Bank might face losses owing to maturity 
and repricing period mismatches and differences in interest rate structures between its assets and liabilities, off-balance sheet 
accounts and positions except the items following in the trading accounts and portion of debts similar to primary capital that 
are taken into account in calculation of principal capital according to the Regulations on equity of Banks. Interest rate risk is 
measured and monitored by using Interest Rate Duration Analysis, Repricing Gap Analysis, Net Present Value Change of 
Banking Book Analysis (Economic Value Approach) and Net Interest Income Analysis (Revenues Approach). 
The Bank carries a standardised interest rate shock analysis on a monthly basis according to BRSA regulations that 
limits the ratio between the banking book change after the shock and capital. The Bank’s interest rate risk from banking book 
ratios is compliant with regulatory limitations.

--- Page 176 ---
157 
Simulations on interest income are performed in connection with the forecasted economic indicators used in the 
budgeting process of the Bank. The Bank attempts to minimise the effects of the fluctuations in the market interest rates on 
the financial position and cash flows of the Bank by revising budget targets. 
The following tables set out the Bank’s interest rate sensitivity based upon repricing dates as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 2020 
Up to 1 
month(1)
1-3 months 
3-12 months 
1-5 years 
5 Years and 
Over 
Non- 
Interest Bearing
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Assets
Cash (cash in vault, 
effectives, money in 
transit, cheques 
purchased) and balances 
with the Central Bank the 
Republic of Turkey ..........  
5,830,015 
- 
- 
- 
- 
82,212,849 
88,042,864 
Banks.................................  
1,079,605 
104,894 
112,877 
- 
- 
1,491,234 
2,788,610 
Financial assets measured 
at fair value through 
profit or loss ......................  
250,900 
4,396,058 
6,723,384 
2,398,967 
9,077 
527,066 
14,305,452 
Money market 
receivables ........................
206,435
-
-
-
-
-
206,435
Financial assets measured 
at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ....
26,009,961
16,164,458
38,157,150
58,375,032
42,531,283
391,046
181,628,930
Loans given(2) ...................
122,011,018
71,398,275
119,619,314
212,051,697
53,196,055
3,630,883
581,907,242
Financial assets measured 
at amortised cost...............
2,778,965
60,954
7,786,418
15,217,930
3,838,421
-
29,682,688
Other assets(3) ....................  
830,466 
2,178,911 
964,216 
138,986 
1,135,581 
38,790,883 
44,039,043 
Total assets(1)(5) .........
158,997,365 
94,303,550 
173,363,359 
288,182,612 
100,710,417 
127,043,961 
942,601,264 
Liabilities
Interbank deposits ............
21,112,800
5,321,633
5,335,367
—
—
2,224,762
33,994,562
Other deposits...................
257,500,079
91,543,192
48,934,500
1,783,318
1,136
196,117,421
595,879,646
Money market 
borrowings ........................  
109,114,222 
5,135,012 
849,452 
1,302,783 
— 
— 
116,401,469 
Sundry creditors ...............  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
13,178,530 
13,178,530 
Issued marketable 
securities ...........................  
— 
54,086 
4,197,437 
23,151,207 
— 
— 
27,402,730 
Funds provided from 
other financial 
instruments........................  
2,505,516 
13,857,820 
13,773,586 
6,268,843 
544,448 
— 
36,950,213 
Other liabilities(4)..............
1,838,258 
683,454 
924,266 
1,137,094 
5,779,625 
108,431,417 
118,794,114 
Total liabilities(1).......
392,070,875 
116,595,197 
74,014,608 
33,643,245 
6,325,209 
319,952,130 
942,601,264 
Balance sheet long 
position..............................
—
—
99,348,751
254,539,367
94,385,208
—
448,273,326
Balance sheet short 
position..............................
(233,073,510)
(22,291,647)
—
—
—
(192,908,169)
(448,273,326)
Off-balance sheet long 
position..............................
—
2,499,236
94,500
—
—
—
2,593,736
Off-balance sheet short 
position..............................
(779,445) 
— 
— 
— 
(1,015,345) 
— 
(1,794,790) 
Total position............
(233,852,955) 
(19,792,411) 
99,443,251 
254,539,367 
93,369,863 
(192,908,169) 
798,946 
(1) Balances without fixed maturity are shown in the “Up to 1 month” and “Non-Interest Bearing” columns. 
(2) Total shareholders’ equity is shown under the “Non-Interest Bearing” column. 
(3) Deferred tax asset is shown under the “Non-Interest Bearing” column. 
(4) Net balance of loans under follow-up is shown under the “Non-Interest Bearing” column in “other assets.” 
(5) Allowance for expected credit losses for financial assets and other assets are recognised in the related account.

--- Page 177 ---
158 
As of 31 December 2019 
Up to 1 
month(1)
1-3 months 
3-12 months 
1-5 years 
5 Years and 
Over 
Non- 
Interest Bearing
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Assets
Cash (cash in vault, 
effectives, money in 
transit, cheques 
purchased) and balances 
with the Central Bank the 
Republic of Turkey ..........  
29,153,534 
— 
— 
— 
— 
23,053,613 
52,207,147 
Banks.................................  
457,130 
— 
61,906 
— 
— 
4,334,021 
4,853,057 
Financial assets measured 
at fair value through 
profit or loss ......................  
26,018 
61,107 
965,783 
837,851 
7,126 
— 
1,897,885 
Money market 
receivables ........................
328,596
—
—
—
—
—
328,596
Financial assets measured 
at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ....
16,151,890
10,418,649
27,788,033
25,045,470
30,716,396
766,279
110,886,717
Loans given(2) ...................
134,348,424
32,041,250
84,875,895
146,483,937
32,798,550
4,426,443
434,974,499
Financial assets measured 
at amortised cost...............
2,460,269
84,298
710,377
10,570,596
3,722,174
—
17,547,714
Other assets(3) ....................  
1,092,860 
1,331,551 
399,731 
51,871 
12,881 
24,171,682 
27,060,576 
Total assets(1)(5) .........
84,018,721 
43,936,855 
114,801,725 
182,989,725 
67,257,127 
56,752,038 
649,756,191 
Liabilities
Interbank deposits ............
20,677,298
6,868,724
405,635
—
—
3,528,208
31,479,865
Other deposits...................
181,302,372
67,626,548
44,984,490
1,369,474
869
120,487,355
415,771,108
Money market 
borrowings........................
45,101,031
2,948,343
541,873
684,163
—
—
49,275,410
Sundry creditors ...............  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
7,490,147 
7,490,147 
Issued marketable 
securities ...........................  
54,957 
2,591,278 
371,294 
19,654,454 
— 
— 
22,671,983 
Funds provided from 
other financial 
instruments........................  
6,333,174 
6,012,324 
15,563,009 
5,937,602 
682,381 
— 
34,528,490 
Other liabilities(4)..............
1,628,007 
147,377 
422,109 
921,942 
5,227,647 
80,192,106 
88,539,188 
Total liabilities(1).......
255,096,839 
86,194,594 
62,288,410 
28,567,635 
5,910,897 
211,697,816 
649,756,191 
Balance sheet long 
position..............................
—
—
52,513,315
154,422,090
61,346,230
—
268,281,635
Balance sheet short 
position..............................
(71,078,118)
(42,257,739)
—
—
—
(154,945,778)
(268,281,635)
Off-balance sheet long 
position..............................
—
—
—
—
—
—
6
Off-balance sheet short 
position..............................
(150,673) 
(36,895) 
(88,465) 
— 
— 
— 
(276,033) 
Total position............
(71,228,791) 
(42,294,634) 
52,424,850 
154,422,090 
61,346,230 
(154,945,778) 
(276,027) 
(1) Balances without fixed maturity are shown in the “Up to 1 month” and “Non-Interest Bearing” columns. 
(2) Total shareholders’ equity is shown under the “Non-Interest Bearing” column. 
(3) Deferred tax asset is shown under the “Non-Interest Bearing” column. 
(4) Net balance of loans under follow-up is shown under the “Non-Interest Bearing” column in “other assets.” 
(5) Allowance for expected credit losses for financial assets and other assets are recognised in the related account.

--- Page 178 ---
159 
As of 31 December 2018 
Up to 1 
month(1)
1-3 months 
3-12 months 
1-5 years 
5 Years and 
Over 
Non- 
Interest Bearing
Total 
(TL thousands) 
Assets
Cash (cash in vault, 
effectives, money in 
transit, cheques 
purchased) and balances 
with the Central Bank the 
Republic of Turkey ..........
21,974,449
—
—
—
—
18,516,763
40,491,212
Banks.................................
3,318,379
10,879
45,483
—
—
2,370,766
5,745,507
Financial assets measured 
at fair value through 
profit or loss ......................  
20,574 
8,478 
3,234 
916 
5,966 
6,692,456 
6,731,624 
Financial assets measured 
at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ....  
8,849,807 
8,341,822 
18,668,696 
19,927,493 
21,937,049 
662,656 
78,387,523 
Loans given(2) ...................  
127,048,614 
34,097,919 
66,018,652 
119,026,844 
22,642,535 
2,111,930 
370,946,494 
Financial assets measured 
at amortised cost ...............  
2,388,244 
883,236 
1,944,981 
1,618,345 
3,418,449 
— 
10,253,255 
Other assets(3)....................
404,550 
1,297,606 
311,015 
81,474 
10,437 
22,495,430 
24,600,512 
Total assets(1)(5) .........
164,004,617 
44,639,940 
86,992,061 
140,655,072 
48,014,436 
52,850,001 
537,156,127 
Liabilities
Interbank deposits ............  
15,187,956 
5,292,517 
446,008 
— 
— 
4,742,133 
25,668,614 
Other deposits ...................  
138,444,436 
45,004,430 
38,597,049 
1,102,333 
— 
82,249,621 
305,397,869 
Money market 
borrowings ........................  
64,077,480 
2,671,990 
1,118,379 
482,947 
— 
— 
68,350,796 
Sundry creditors ...............  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
5,315,978 
5,315,978 
Issued marketable 
securities ...........................  
1,088,127 
896,197 
4,030,908 
9,415,236 
— 
— 
15,430,468 
Funds provided from 
other financial 
instruments........................
6,970,785
8,941,633
11,721,664
5,508,802
1,028,769
—
34,171,653
Other liabilities(4) ..............  
1,333,955 
810,066 
460,321 
281,682 
4,831,437 
75,103,288 
82,820,749 
Total liabilities(1).......
227,102,739 
63,616,833 
56,374,329 
16,791,000 
5,860,206 
167,411,020 
537,156,127 
Balance sheet long 
position..............................
—
—
30,617,732
123,864,072
42,154,230
—
196,636,034
Balance sheet short 
position..............................  
(63,098,122) 
(18,976,893) 
— 
— 
— 
(114,561,019) 
(196,636,034) 
Off-balance sheet long 
position..............................  
— 
1,098,007 
— 
— 
— 
— 
1,098,007 
Off-balance sheet short 
position..............................  
(34,431) 
— 
(74,986) 
(139,258) 
— 
— 
(248,675) 
Total position............
(63,132,553) 
(17,878,886) 
30,542,746 
123,724,814 
42,154,230 
(114,561,019) 
849,332 
(1) Balances without fixed maturity are shown in the “Up to 1 month” and “Non-Interest Bearing” columns. 
(2) Total shareholders’ equity is shown under the “Non-Interest Bearing” column. 
(3) Deferred tax asset is shown under the “Non-Interest Bearing” column. 
(4) Net balance of loans under follow-up is shown under the “Non-Interest Bearing” column in “other assets.” 
(5) Allowance for expected credit losses for financial assets and other assets are recognised in the related account. 
Operational Risk 
Operational risk is the risk of direct or indirect loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people or 
systems or from external events.

--- Page 179 ---
160 
The Bank has been collecting historical loss data according to Basel II requirements since 2010 in order to analyse, 
assess and minimise operational losses. Historical losses from operational risks are examined and ranked according to their 
frequency and severity. The threshold for operational risk was determined as TL 5,000 in both 2019 and 2020. The following 
table sets out the Bank’s total loss data for the periods indicated: 
Year 
Total Loss Data 
Frequency 
2020 .................................................... 
TL 46,290,142 
1263 
2019 .................................................... 
TL 42,328,309 
933 
2018 .................................................... 
TL 96,787,476 
673 
Loss data is also classified according to event type and business line under the framework of Basel II. As of 31 December 
2020, the capital requirement of the Bank regarding operational risks was TL 3,155 million (TL  3,451 million for the 
Consolidated Group) by using the Basic Indicator Approach under Basel II. 
In order to further measure the capital requirements with respect to operational risk, the Bank regularly implements 
studies using the Advanced Measurement Approach in terms of yearly frequency and severity based upon historical loss data. 
The following table sets out the Bank’s VAR analysis for operational risk as of 31 December 2020: 
Employment 
practices and 
workplace safety 
Internal 
fraud 
Damage to 
physical 
assets 
External 
fraud 
Business 
disruption and 
system failures
Execution, 
delivery and 
process 
management
Clients, 
products 
and business 
practices 
Total 
(Turkish Lira) 
60,544,727 
120,664,772
9,937,060 
52,437,579
659,580 
209,938,953 
29,727,149 
483,909,823
Operational Risk limits are determined in accordance with the level of risk that the Bank can take, its activities, the size and 
complexity of its products and services. Limits are regularly reviewed and revised periodically, if necessary, in line with 
market conditions, Bank strategy and risk appetite. In the context of operational risk management, limit results are taken into 
account in the formulation of risk management policies. 
The Bank has designed business continuity plans including disaster recovery plans to deal with the possibility of an 
earthquake, fire or act of terrorism. 
Derivatives 
The Bank’s derivative transactions mainly comprise customer-driven forward transactions, currency swaps, gold 
swaps and cross currency interest rate swaps. The Bank’s policy is to use currency swaps and gold swaps for liquidity 
management. The Bank uses cross currency interest rate swaps to create long-term Turkish Lira funding against U.S. dollars, 
and also to hedge against interest rate risk created by the Bank’s long-term loan book. All derivative transactions undertaken 
by the Bank are subject to credit risk limits set by the Board of Directors for treasury transactions. 
The Bank marks to market all of its derivative transactions on a daily basis. When the Bank executes a derivative 
transaction with a counterparty under an ISDA agreement, the transaction is subject to daily margining. The Bank pays the 
margin when the net mark-to-market value is in favour of the counterparty, and receives the margin when the value is in its 
favour. 
The Bank is one of the principal Turkish banks participating in the TLREF (Turkish Lira Overnight Reference 
Rate)-based OIS (Overnight Index Swap) market, for which the clearing and central counterparty services are managed by 
Takasbank. By using this market, the Bank can seek to manage its short-, mid- and long-term Turkish Lira interest rate 
exposures. 
Collateral and Loan Approval Limits 
Authority for extending new loans is delegated across different hierarchical levels within the Bank, and depends on 
the amount and maturity of the loan and the type of collateral available. Collateral is divided into two categories: first-group

--- Page 180 ---
161 
collateral and other collateral. First-group collateral includes, among other things, cash and cash equivalents, Turkish 
government bonds and Treasury bills, and liens on deposits and gold, whereas other collateral includes, among other things, 
suretyships, assignment of claims and pledges on automobiles, real estate, equities and commercial undertakings. First-group 
collateral is expected to have 100% liquidity value, whereas other collateral is expected to be within the scope of margin rates 
defined for collateral type. 
The creditworthiness of corporations and other entities is assessed using modules included in the Firm Assessment 
System, and the resultant risk grade in connection with the approval limits of the branch defines the maturity and necessary 
collateral in connection with a loan. The loan approval limits of authorised employees of the Bank are shown in the table 
below. The Board of Directors is authorised to grant loans in line with rules set by the Banking Law. The Board may delegate 
its authority to the Credit Committee and the CEO in respect of procedures and principles determined by the BRSA. The 
CEO may delegate its authority to relevant loan departments at the head office or to individual branches. Exceptions to these 
limits may only be granted by the Board. 
Approved by: 
Maximum Without 
Collateral and Personal/ 
Tangible Other Collateral 
(TL millions) 
Board of Directors ...........  
>200 
Credit Committee.............  
40>200 
General Manager .............  
40 
(1) 
For loans with cash and cash equivalent collateral, the General Manager is authorised to approve such loans 
without any limits. 
Credit limits 
Maximum extendible loan levels with respect to individual private sector companies, individual public sector 
companies and individual natural persons are provided for under Banking Law. The Bank uses the criteria established under 
Banking Law, as well as additional quantitative and qualitative criteria established by the Bank’s senior management, in 
setting maximum extendible loan levels for individual exposures in its loan portfolio. 
Internal Risk Rating Methodologies for Loans to Companies 
The Bank aims to ensure that all credits extended by the Bank to companies are liquid, collateralised with liquid 
instruments and profitable. The Bank uses four main internal risk-rating methodologies for lending: FAR (Credit Assessment 
Report), KAR (Entrepreneurial Clients Assessment Report) and PAR (Project Assessment Report) and GAR (Group 
Assessment Report). 
•
The FAR methodology, which the Bank has utilised since December 2012 (and that is under continuous 
improvement and review), is used for short- and medium-term loans to corporate and commercial customers 
and to SMEs (loans above TL 10,000,000). This methodology evaluates certain qualitative criteria such as the 
values and payment habits of the prospective borrower’s shareholders and business cycle and competition 
within its sector on a ten-grade scale ranging between AAA and D. 
•
The KAR methodology, which the Bank has utilised since August 2012 (and that is under continuous 
improvement and review), is used for SME customers (loans below and equal to TL 10,000,000). This 
methodology consists of a scorecard mechanism where applicants are classified into ten risk groups and has a 
ranking scale from one to ten, one (which is AAA) being the best and ten (which is D) being the worst. The 
requirements for the collateral to loan ratios depend upon the risk group of the applicant. 
•
The PAR methodology is used for medium- and long-term project finance. Using this methodology applicants’ 
investment projects are assessed against qualitative and quantitative criteria. This model projects the expected 
funding generation of the company during the lifetime of the loan and analyses whether the project can 
generate sufficient cash flow to meet the interest payments and repay the principal.

--- Page 181 ---
162 
•
The GAR methodology, which the Bank has utilised since the last quarter of 2012, is used for the assessment of 
group firms. Based upon consolidated group data, the aim is to broadly assess a group’s financial structure and 
its business as a whole. 
The rating levels determine the type and size of collateral required. Standard discount rates are applied to collaterals on 
branch level and exceptions to the collateral margins must be authorised by Head Office Credit Allocation and Execution 
Departments. 
In line with the credit policies and procedures of the Bank, the Bank’s entire corporate, commercial and SME loan 
portfolio will be evaluated during the credit approval process by using the FAR, KAR, PAR and GAR rating models. The 
Başak Model was designed to assess individual agricultural clients whose credit application is less than a specified amount, 
and was implemented on 9 September 2013 as part of the KDM system. The Small Business Model (KİM) has been 
implemented since 30 September 2014 as part of the KDM system and is designed to assess firms whose taxation method is 
“the Simple Procedure Basis (Basit Usül)” or “the Operating Account Method (İşletme Hesabı Esası)” under Real Basis 
(Gerçek Usül), and companies with turnover not exceeding the specified amount. Since the implementation dates of the 
mentioned evaluation rating models, the existing portfolio and the new customers have been evaluated through these models. 
The table below sets forth the distribution of the Bank’s loans (including cash and non-cash loans) as of 31 December 2019 
across various risk rating groups, as prepared in accordance with the internal grading results of the Bank: 
Internal / 
External 
Valuation 
Code 
As of 
31 December 
2020(1) 
Loans to micro and 
SME customers 
Internal/ 
External 
Valuation 
Grade 
As of 
31 December 
2020(1)
(TL thousands) 
(TL thousands) 
Risk rating group 1 ...  
AAA 
3,395,711 
Risk rating group 1 ... 
AAA 
2,002,794 
Risk rating group 2 ...  
AA 
30,169,242 
Risk rating group 2 ... 
AA 
11,141,102 
Risk rating group 3 ...  
A 
31,652,039 
Risk rating group 3 ... 
A 
11,020,153 
Risk rating group 4 ...  
BBB 
50,397,785 
Risk rating group 4 ... 
BBB 
15,515,360 
Risk rating group 5 ...  
BB 
59,767,158 
Risk rating group 5 ... 
BB 
17,366,540 
Risk rating group 6 ...  
B 
49,496,201 
Risk rating group 6 ... 
B 
14,215,684 
Risk rating group 7 ...  
CCC 
44,110,222 
Risk rating group 7 ... 
CCC 
8,337,775 
Risk rating group 8 ...  
CC 
22,108,418 
Risk rating group 8 ... 
CC 
1,935,419 
Risk rating group 9 ...  
C 
640,972 
Risk rating group 9 ... 
C 
276,687 
Risk rating group 10 .  
D 
81,985 
Risk rating group 10 . 
D 
19,151 
Total....................
291,819,733 
Total....................
81,830,665 
(1) The information included shows cash credit balances assessed and authorised under the Firm Assessment Module (the “FDM”) and the SME 
Assessment Module (the “KDM”). 
The FDM methodology, which the Bank has utilised since December 2012, is used to assess the credibility of 
corporate and commercial customers. The customers are evaluated by using models comprising credibility criteria and 
questionnaires differentiated according to their sector and business types. At the end of the assessment the risk rating of the 
customer and FAR report are produced. 
The KDM methodology, which the Bank has utilised since August 2012, is used to assess the credibility of SME 
customers. The customers are also evaluated by using models comprising credibility criteria and questionnaires differentiated 
according to their sector and business types. At the end of the assessment, the risk rating of the customer and KAR report are 
produced.

--- Page 182 ---
163 
The table below sets forth the definitions of the various risk grades and risk groups: 
Risk Grade (1-4)
Risk Group
Definition of risk group 
1.00 – 1.40 .............. AAA 
The firm is an extremely positive firm according to the assessment criteria and its 
capacity to fulfil its financial commitments is quite high 
1.41 – 1.80 .............. AA 
The firm is a positive firm according to the assessment criteria and its capacity to 
fulfil its financial commitments is high 
1.81 – 2.00 .............. A 
The firm has performed its optimisation according to the assessment criteria and 
has high capacity to fulfil its financial commitments in the short term. In the 
medium and long term, it is not anticipated that the firm will be negatively 
affected by the uncertainty of economic conditions 
2.01 – 2.20 .............. BBB 
The firm has performed its optimisation according to the assessment criteria and 
has capacity to fulfil its financial commitments. In the medium and long term, it is 
anticipated that the risk of the firm being affected negatively by the uncertainty of 
economic conditions is low 
2.21 – 2.40 .............. BB 
The firm cannot fully retain optimisation according to the assessment criteria but 
has enough capacity to fulfil its financial commitments in the short term. In the 
medium and long term, it carries the risk of being negatively affected by the 
uncertainty of economic conditions 
2.41 – 2.60 .............. B 
Some of the firm’s assessment criteria are negative. Its capacity to fulfil its 
financial commitments is at a reasonable level. It is sensitive to economic and 
sectoral developments 
2.61 – 2.80 .............. CCC 
Some of the firm’s assessment criteria are negative and for the time being it has 
the capacity to fulfil its financial commitments provided that economic and 
sectoral conditions remain positive 
2.81 – 3.20 .............. CC 
According to assessment criteria it is assessed as a low-risk firm and its capacity 
to fulfil its financial commitments is limited 
3.21 – 3.60 .............. C 
A large part of the firm’s assessment criteria are negative and it runs the risk of 
not being able to fulfil its financial commitments 
3.61 – 4.00 .............. D 
The firm has no credibility under any conditions. It has a high risk of not being 
able to fulfil its financial commitments 
The table below sets forth the distribution of the Bank’s loans (including cash and non-cash loans) as of 
31 December 2020 across various risk rating groups, as prepared in accordance with the Bank’s Başak Model and KIM 
Model: 
The Başak Model and KIM Model
Internal/ External 
Valuation Grade 
As of 31 December 2020 
(TL thousands)
Risk rating group 1 .................................... 
A+ 
4,741,970 
Risk rating group 2 .................................... 
A 
20,870,363 
Risk rating group 3 .................................... 
B 
30,940,531 
Risk rating group 4 .................................... 
C 
20,528,243 
Risk rating group 5 .................................... 
D 
8,229,414 
Total..........................................................
85,310,521

--- Page 183 ---
164 
Retail Loan Approval 
The following charts show the Bank’s retail loan approval limits according to authorised units within the Bank. 
These limits can be increased so long as they remain within legal requirements, by way of delegation by the Board of 
Directors to the General Manager, and by the General Manager to other units. 
Maximum Limit 
Authorised Unit 
With/without collateral 
Board of Directors .......................... 
>TL 200,000,000(1)
Credit Committee ........................... 
TL 40,000,000 - 
>200,000,000 
General Manager ............................ 
TL 40,000,000 
(1) The maximum limits defined by the Banking Law are applied. 
(2) For loans with cash and cash equivalent collateral, the General Manager is authorised to approve such loans 
without any limits. 
With/without collateral 
Cash secured 
Consumer 
Consumer 
secured by 
property 
Over-
draft 
Car 
Housing 
Credit 
card 
Consumer 
Overdraft 
Car 
Housing 
Credit 
card 
Deposit 
advance 
Branch(1)
75,000- 
100,000
100,000
10,000
150,000
350,000-
750,000
40,000
500,000
50,000
500,000
2500,000
250,000
750,000 
(1) Represents the maximum limit that can be authorised by a branch for a customer, in addition to the individual limits within a particular branch and the 
individual limits of particular product groups. 
The retail loan approval process begins with a customer’s application to a branch. The branch conducts diligence 
regarding the customer’s income and credibility, and the information gathered is entered into the Retail Loan Module. The 
Retail Loan Module evaluates the customer through a set of rules and performs an automatic scoring of the customer based 
upon the information received from the branch, the Credit Registry Bureau and the Central Bank, and produces an 
approval/rejection outcome. 
The application is evaluated by the Branch Credit Committee in light of applicable lending laws and regulations, and 
after entering the necessary information the Retail Loan Module produces the outcome and the loan is accepted, rejected or 
will be further evaluated by the Retail Loan department. 
Branches are precluded from approving loans that exceed the limits of their authority or that receive a rejection from 
the Retail Loan Module. Applications for loans that receive such a rejection may be submitted by branches to the Retail Loan 
department for re-consideration, but only if that department approves re-evaluation. 
Applications that are sent to the Retail Loan department are re-evaluated in detail by this department. The Bank has 
utilised this methodology for retail loan approvals since May 2012 (and it continues to review and refine this process). 
A significant portion of retail loans are secured by an asset, such as housing and car loans, or by a lien on salary or 
pension payments. The average loan size in the housing loan portfolio as of 31 December 2020 was TL 116,578 million and 
the maximum ratio of at-risk credit to collateral is 90%. 
Risk Settlement 
The Bank’s Risk Settlement division seeks to ensure that receivables that are referred to legal proceedings are 
collected efficiently and to accelerate the recruiting of expert bankers and lawyers to pursue and settle collections. The Bank 
has seven collection centres across Turkey and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, utilises a network of approximately 
626 on contract and 123 permanent lawyers to help with its collection process. Depending on the circumstances, receivables 
referred to legal proceedings can be restructured either through redemption plans with specific protocols or through 
alternative and constructive approaches effected by the Bank. The Bank’s senior management believes that the Bank has one 
of the best organisations in the Turkish banking sector in the management of receivables. The Bank has not sold any of its

--- Page 184 ---
165 
NPLs to third parties. The average collection period of NPLs is approximately three years, which indicates that the Bank has 
relatively effective collection procedures.

--- Page 185 ---
166 
MANAGEMENT 
Board of Directors 
Pursuant to the Articles, the Board is responsible for the Bank’s management. Under the Banking Law, the boards of 
Turkish banks must consist of at least five members, including the General Manager. Pursuant to the Articles, the Board 
consists of nine members. All Directors are appointed by the General Assembly for a maximum of three years. As per the 
Articles, the Board shall appoint one of the Directors as the General Manager, which Director shall meet the criteria for such 
role as set out in the Banking Law; however, the Chairman cannot be appointed as the General Manager of the Bank. 
The Turkish Commercial Code (Law No. 6102) allows the appointment of a legal entity as a member of the board of 
directors of a joint stock company. Under such rules, a legal entity on a board of directors would be represented by a natural 
person designated by it. Alternatively, natural persons can be members of the board. Notwithstanding this provision, the 
BRSA does not favour the appointment of a legal entity as a board member of any joint stock company that it regulates, and 
thus members of the Board can (in practice) only be natural persons. 
Members of the Board of Directors 
The following table sets out the Members of the Board as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the date of their 
appointment to the Board, the expiration date of their current term and their committee memberships: 
Name 
Position 
Date first 
appointed 
Date current 
term expires 
Committee memberships 
Burhaneddin Tanyeri .......  
Chairman 
March 2021 
March 2024 
Credit Committee  
Alpaslan Çakar.................  
General Manager 
and Member 
March 2021 
March 2024 
Credit Committee – Chairman 
Veysi Kaynak...................  
Vice Chairman 
and Member 
June 2020 
March 2024 
Remuneration Committee 
Feyzi Çutur ......................  
Member 
April 2012 
March 2024 
Audit Committee 
Credit Committee  
Serruh Kaleli ....................  
Member 
May 2019 
March 2024 
Corporate Governance 
Committee 
Mahmut Kaçar .................  
Member 
August 2018 
March 2024 
Audit Committee 
Fazlı Kılıç ........................  
Member 
March 2021 
March 2024 
Information Systems Strategy 
Committee – Chairman 
Information Security Committee 
– Chairman 
Credit Committee (Reserve) 
Faruk Çelik ......................  
Member 
May 2019 
March 2024 
Remuneration Committee 
Credit Committee (Reserve) 
Ahmet Genç .....................  
Member 
August 2018 
March 2024 
Corporate Governance 
Committee 
Additional information on each of the directors is set forth below: 
Burhaneddin Tanyeri, Chairman
Born in 1953, Burhaneddin Tanyeri graduated from Erzurum Atatürk University’s Faculty of Business 
Administration in 1978. Mr. Tanyeri worked in the Agricultural Equipment Institution from 1978 to 1980 and then, after 
performing his military service, as the Head of the Erzurum Narman Military Branch from 1980 to 1981. He then worked as 
Assistant Auditor, Auditor, Chief Auditor, Branch Manager and Regional Director-in-chief, respectively, in the Bank from 
1982 to 2005. Mr. Tanyeri then served as a member of the Board of Directors in Halkbank from 2005 to 2010 and was a 
member of the Boards of Directors of Halk Finansal Kiralama A.Ş., Halk Sigorta A.Ş., Ziraat Portföy Yönetimi A.Ş., Ziraat 
Bank Azerbaycan ASC and Ziraat Bank Montenegro AD from 2005 to 2017. He has been serving as Member of the Board of

--- Page 186 ---
167 
Directors in Vakıf Leasing A.Ş. since June 2019. In March 2021, Mr. Tanyeri was elected as the Bank’s Chairman of the 
Board of Directors and designated as a member of the Credit Committee. 
Alpaslan Çakar, General Manager and Member of the Board 
Born in 1973, Alpaslan Çakar graduated from Department of Public Administration in Ankara University, Faculty of 
Political Sciences. In 1996, Mr. Çakar started to work as an Assistant Auditor in the Bank and served as an Auditor and 
Branch Manager and was appointed as Regional Director-in-chief in 2005. Mr. Çakar, who became the Head of Department 
in August 2007, served as Executive Vice President for Retail Banking, Executive Vice President for Operations, Executive 
Vice President for Consumer Banking and Executive Vice President for Retail Banking respectively. He served as Executive 
Vice President for Distribution Channels Management between January 2016 and July 2017, as Executive Vice President for 
Payment Systems from July 2017 to June 2018 and as Executive Vice President for Retail Banking 2 from June 2018 to 
March 2021. Since March 2021, Mr. Çakar has been the General Manager/CEO of the Bank and a member of the Board. 
Veysi Kaynak, Vice Chairman and Member of the Board 
Born in 1962, Veysi Kaynak graduated from the Faculty of Law of İstanbul University in 1985. He began his career 
as an independent lawyer, during which time he also worked as a lecturer at the Middle East Technical University (METU). 
Mr. Kaynak was elected as the Mayor of Kahramanmaraş, serving in this position from January 1999 to April 1999, resigning 
therefrom to serve until 2001 in a senior managerial position at various commercial enterprises. Mr. Kaynak served as a 
Member of Parliament, Deputy Justice Minister and Vice President of the United Nations IACA (International Anti-
Corruption Academy) from 2007 to 2016. He was appointed as a Member of the Board in June 2020 and is a member of the 
Bank’s Remuneration Committee.
Feyzi Çutur, Member of the Board 
Born in 1959, Feyzi Çutur graduated from the Gazi University Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences 
(Department of Banking) in 1983. Mr. Çutur worked at several different companies as an Accounting and Financing Manager 
between 1977 and 1990, and at Bayındır Menkul Kıymetler A.Ş. as the General Accounting Manager between 1990 and 
1998. Mr. Çutur then worked as the Financial Affairs and Operations Manager at Eti Yatırım A.Ş. between 1998 and 2001, as 
the Assistant General Manager and the Acting General Manager between 2001 and 2005 and as the General Manager 
between 2005 and 2010. In addition Mr. Çutur was a Member and the President of the Fund Board in various investment 
funds belonging to Eti Yatırım and Etibank, and was also a Member of the Board of Directors of İktisat Yatırım A.Ş., in 
2006. Between 2011 and 2012 Mr. Çutur was a Member of the Board of Directors of A&T Finansal Kiralama A.Ş. During 
this time he was also a Member of the Audit Committee, the Organisational Management Committee and the Charging 
Committee of Arap Türk Bankası A.Ş. Mr. Çutur has served as a Member of the Board since April 2012 and is a Member of 
the Bank’s Audit and Credit Committees. 
Serruh Kaleli, Member of the Board
Born in 1954, Serruh Kaleli graduated from the Ankara University Faculty of Law in 1977. Mr. Kaleli served as a 
bookkeeper at the Ankara Bar Association between 1996 and 1998, as a bookkeeper and board member at the Turkish Law 
Institution (Türk Hukuk Enstitüsü) between 2000 and 2004 and as an auditor at the Union of Turkish Bar Associations for 
four years starting from 2001. Mr. Kaleli took part in commissions formed by the Union of Turkish Bar Associations to 
prepare regulations for the then-chaning Legal Profession Act. Mr. Kaleli practiced law from 1978 until his appointment as a 
judge to the Constitutional Court on 19 July 2005. Mr. Kaleli served as the acting chairman of the Constitutional Court 
between 14 April 2011 and 2015. Mr. Kaleli has been serving as a Board member of the Bank since May 2019. Mr. Kaleli is 
also a Member of the Bank’s Corporate Governance Committee. 
Mahmut Kaçar, Member of the Board 
Born in 1975, Mahmut Kaçar graduated from the Department of Environmental Engineering of the Faculty of 
Engineering at Harran University in 1999. Mr. Kaçar served as Vice Chairman of the Health Labour Union and General 
Secretary of the Union of Public Employees from 2008 to 2011. From 2011 to 2018, Mr. Kaçar served as a Member of

--- Page 187 ---
168 
Parliament from Şanlıurfa and was appointed as a Member of the Board in August 2018. Mr. Kaçar is a member of the 
Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Kaçar is a member of the Bank’s Audit Committee. 
Fazlı Kılıç, Member of the Board 
Born in 1958, Mr. Kılıç graduated from İstanbul University’s Faculty of Economics and Commercial Sciences in 
1980 and then in 1982 completed a Master of Arts programme in Accounting Audit in İstanbul University’s Faculty of 
Business Administration. After working as a Certified Public Accountant for 26 years and holding the role of founding 
partner in accounting firm Yön Muhasebecilik Mali Müşavirlik Limited Şirketi, Mr. Kılıç served as Kağıthane District 
Chairman in the Welfare Party from 1991 to 1994, Group Chairman of the İstanbul Provincial General Assembly 
Membership from 1994 to 1999, İstanbul Provincial Vice Chairman of the AKP from 2002 to 2003 and Mayor of Kağıthane 
for three terms from 2004 to 2019. He has been serving as a member of the Board of the Bank since March 2021. Mr. Kılıç is 
also a reserve member of the Bank’s Credit Committee and the Chairman of the Information Systems Strategy Committee 
and Information Security Committee. 
Faruk Çelik, Member of the Board 
Born in 1956, Faruk Çelik graduated from Bursa Higher Islamic Institute and thereafter attended the Department of 
Management in Kocaeli Management Institute. He was a Member of Parliament for Şanlıurfa in 2011 to 2015 and again in 
2015 to 2018, therafter servicing as the Minister of Labor and Social Security (and a State Minister) in 2011 to 2015 and the 
Minister of Food, Agriculture and Livestock in 2015 to 2017. Mr. Çelik has served as a member of the Board since May 
2019. Mr. Çelik is also a Member of the Bank’s Remuneration Committee and a reserve member of the Bank’s Credit 
Committee. 
Ahmet Genç, Chairman
Born in 1960, Ahmet Genç graduated in 1984 from the Public Administration Department of the Faculty of Political 
Sciences at Ankara University. He worked at the Banking Department in the Turkish Treasury, General Directorate of 
Banking and Foreign Exchange as the assistant expert and then as an expert from 1985 to 1990. From 1990 to 1991, he 
studied insurance and reinsurance in England. He completed his Master’s degree in 1995 at Northeastern University’s 
Department of Economics in Boston, USA. In 1997, he transferred from the General Directorate of Banking and Foreign 
Exchange to become the branch manager of the General Directorate of Insurance at the Turkish Treasury. He was promoted 
to Head of Department in 1998. In 2002, he completed his doctorate degree at the Department of Management of the Social 
Sciences Institute at Ankara University, with his doctorate thesis on “Financial Capacity in the Insurance Industry.” Dr. Genç 
became the Vice General Director at the General Directorate of Insurance from 2002 to 2004, then was Deputy General 
Director from 2004 to 2007 and General Director from 2007 to 2015. He has been appointed to the office of the Vice 
Undersecretary since 2 February 2015. Dr. Genç has been a founding member of various establishments and organisations, 
such as the Insurance Information Centre, Insurance Training Centre (SEGEM) and Agricultural Insurance Pool (TARSİM), 
and, from August 2018 through March 2021, he served as the Chairman of the Board of the Bank. Mr. Genç is a member of 
the Corporate Governance Committee. 
Senior Management 
The Bank’s General Manager is supported by the Bank’s Executive Vice Presidents, who have responsibilities for 
different departments within the Bank. Information on each of these Executive Vice Presidents as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus is set forth below: 
Emrah Gündüz, Executive Vice President for Banking Operations and Corporate Communication 
Born in 1977, Emrah Gündüz graduated from Hacettepe University’s Department of Public Finance and completed a 
master’s degree at Maltepe University. Mr. Gündüz worked as an Assistant Revenue Specialist at the Ministry of Finance 
from 2004 to 2005, after which he joined the Bank as an Assistant Auditor. After this role, he served as an Auditor, 
Department Manager and Branch Manager at the Bank and then Head of the Department of the Operations Centre at Ziraat 
Participation Bank. Mr. Gündüz, who started to work as the Bank’s Head of the Department of the Operations Centre in 
September 2016, then worked as the Head of the Department of the Operations Centre-1 from December 2019 to October

--- Page 188 ---
169 
2020 and then as the Head of the Department of Central Operations from October 2020 to April 2021. He was appointed as 
Executive Vice President for Banking Operations and Corporate Communication in April 2021. 
Recep Türk, Executive Vice President for Credit Risk Monitoring and Liquidation 
Born in 1976, Recep Türk graduated from Ankara University’s Faculty of Political Sciences, Department of Public 
Administration. Mr. Türk started his career at Halkbank in 2000 as an Auditor, thereafter serving Halkbank in the roles of 
Commercial-SME Marketing Department Manager, a Commercial Branch Manager and Gaziantep Regional Coordinator. 
Mr. Türk, who started working at the Bank in January 2015, has served as the Bank’s Regional Manager and Head of 
Department and, from November 2020 to April 2021, as the Head of the Credit Risk Monitoring, Liquidation and Legal 
Consultancy Group. He was appointed as Executive Vice President for Credit Risk Monitoring and Liquidation in April 
2021. 
Mehmet Şükrü Taşçı, Executive Vice President for Credit Allocation and Management 
Born in 1970, Mehmet Şükrü Taşçı graduated from Gazi University’s Faculty of Economics and Administrative 
Sciences. In 1993, Mr. Taşcı started to work as an Assistant Auditor in the Bank. After serving in various roles, including as 
İzmir 3rd Regional Manager from July 2012 to October 2018 and Head of the Board of Auditors from October 2018 to April 
2021, he was appointed as Executive Vice President for Loan Allocation and Management in April 2021. 
Ferhat Pişmaf, Executive Vice President for Corporate Banking 
Born in 1972, Ferhaf Pişmaf graduated from Ankara University’s Faculty of Political Sciences, Department of 
Public Finance. In 1996, Mr. Pişmaf started to work as an Assistant Auditor in the Bank. After serving the Bank as an 
Auditor, the Department Manager of Agricultural Marketing, the Head of the Department of Agricultural Loans, the Deputy 
Head of the Agricultural Loans Group, the Head of the Department of Entrepreneurial Loans 1, Entrepreneurial Loans 
Allocation and Management 1, the Head of the Department of Agricultural Policies and the Head of the Agricultural 
Marketing Group, he was appointed as Executive Vice President for Corporate Banking in April 2021. 
Yüksel Cesur, Executive Vice President for Retail Banking 
Born in 1972, Yüksel Cesur graduated from Boğaziçi (Bosphorus) University, Faculty of Economics & 
Administrative Sciences. He joined the Bank in 1996 as an Assistant Inspector. He was appointed as the Head of Department 
of Training in 2005. Mr. Cesur who was appointed to the Department of Treasury Operations in 2007 has served thereafter as 
the Head of Agricultural Marketing Group and then Head of the Board of Inspectors in September 2013. He served as the 
Executive Vice President for Internal Systems from April 2014 to April 2021, at which point he was appointed as Executive 
Vice President for Retail Banking in April 2021. 
Cüneyt Sağlık, Executive Vice President for Payment Systems and Loan Processes 
Born in 1977, Cüneyt Sağlık graduated from Gazi University’s Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences, 
Department of International Relations in 1998 and completed a master’s degree in Ankara University’s Institute of Social 
Sciences’ Human Resources Management and Career Counseling Program in 2004. Mr. Sağlık, who joined the Bank in 1998, 
has served the Bank as a Specialist, Director and Manager in the Departments of Fund Management, Commercial Loans, 
Retail Marketing, Retail Loans Allocation and Retail Mass Marketing. Mr. Sağlık was appointed as the Deputy Head of 
Department of Retail Product Management in October 2015 and thereafter served as the Head of the Department of Product 
Management and Customer Analytics, Head of the Department of Card Systems and Head of the Department of Internal 
Control and Compliance before being appointed as Executive Vice President for Payment Systems and Loan Processes in 
April 2021. 
Board Committees 
The Bank has six committees comprising various members including Members of the Board: the Audit Committee, 
Credit Committee, Corporate Governance Committee, Remuneration Committee, Information Systems Strategy Committee

--- Page 189 ---
170 
and Information Security Committee. These committees have been given primary responsibility for certain matters relating to 
the operation of the Bank. Certain information relating to these committees is set out below. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee was established in 2007, and is responsible for the effective conduct of functions related to the 
Bank’s internal audit, risk management and internal control activities. The Audit Committee consists of a minimum of two 
Members of the Board who must be appointed from among the Members of the Board who do not have executive duties. As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Audit Committee are Mahmut Kaçar and Feyzi Çutur. 
The Audit Committee is performing the duties determined under the Banking Law and relevant regulations of the 
BRSA, which (inter alia) include: (a) supervising the efficiency and adequacy of the internal control system, (b) monitoring 
and assessing the Bank’s internal audit system, (c) ensuring that the internal audit functions of subsidiaries that are subject to 
consolidation are being performed in line with the related regulations, (d) monitoring regularly the activities of independent 
audit firms selected by the Board, (e) gathering reports from the relevant units of the Bank and independent auditors 
regarding the execution of their tasks and notifying the Board in relation to violations of the applicable legislation and factors 
that could hinder the Bank’s activities and (f) reporting to the Board on the results of its activities and the measures deemed 
necessary to be taken in order for the Bank to operate in a manner compliant with the relevant regulations and policies. 
Credit Committee 
The Credit Committee is composed of the General Manager of the Bank and at least two Members of the Board who 
must be appointed from among the Members of the Board who do not have executive duties. The Credit Committee performs 
the credit-related duties assigned to it by the Board. The Credit Committee makes decisions on issues of restructuring such as 
new allocation, extension of validity period, increment, alterations in conditions and interest cuts in connection with the 
credits falling within the scope of the authorisations granted by the Board. The Credit Committee sets forth terms and 
conditions of the credits that must be observed. Resolutions of the Credit Committee that have unanimous backing are 
executed directly while resolutions made on a majority basis are executed following the approval of the Board. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Credit Committee are Alpaslan Çakar, Burhaneddin 
Tanyeri, Feyzi Çutur, Fazlı Kılıç (reserve) and Faruk Çelik (reserve). 
Corporate Governance Committee 
The duties of the Corporate Governance Committee consist of monitoring the Bank’s compliance with corporate 
governance principles in accordance with the provisions of the Regulation on the “Bank’s Corporate Governance Principles” 
published by the BRSA, as well as undertaking improvement efforts and making recommendations to the Board of Directors 
on these matters. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Corporate Governance Committee are Ahmet 
Genç and Serruh Kaleli. 
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for monitoring and supervising the Bank’s remuneration practices. 
Further, the Remuneration Committee is responsible for duties specified under the Regulation on the “Bank’s Corporate 
Governance Principles” published by the BRSA. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Remuneration 
Committee are Faruk Çelik and Veysi Kaynak. 
Information Systems Strategy Committee 
The Information Systems Strategy Committee is responsible for fulfilling the duties defined by BRSA regulations, 
supervising the process of establishing the Bank’s Information Systems Strategy Plan and monitoring the appropriate 
implementation of the plan. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, board member Fazlı Kılıç is the Chairman of the 
Information Systems Strategy Committee.

--- Page 190 ---
171 
Information Security Committee 
The Information Systems Committee is responsible for fulfilling the duties defined by BRSA regulations, 
coordinating the information security activities, supervising the process of establishing the Bank’s Information Security 
Policy and monitoring the implementation of this policy. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, board member Fazlı Kılıç is 
the Chairman of the Information Systems Committee. 
Service Contracts 
The Group does not have any service contracts providing benefits to the Members of the Board upon termination of 
employment. Pursuant to the Articles, the level of compensation of the Members of the Board shall be determined by the 
General Assembly of the Bank. 
Compensation 
The Group aims to provide compensation that allows it to attract and retain individuals with the skills necessary to 
manage successfully and grow its business. The Group’s compensation policy seeks to provide total compensation that is 
competitive with other banks similar to it in terms of size and complexity of operations. According to Article 22 of the 
Articles, the Bank’s Members of the Board are paid monthly salaries or fees in amounts determined by the General 
Assembly. Currently, the Bank pays monthly salaries to its Members of the Board. 
The total compensation paid to the Members of the Board and senior management (including deferred or contingent 
compensation accrued for the year) during 2020 amounted to TL 15,035 million (TL 12,480 million in 2019 and TL 11,216 
million in 2018), which amounts include salary, dividend (or bonus) payments and related compensation. There were no 
outstanding loans to the Directors or senior executives of the Bank as of 31 December 2018, 2019 or 2020. There are no 
pensions, retirement or similar benefits provided by the Group for the members of the Board. 
Share Ownership 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the members of the Board or senior management beneficially owns 
any of the Bank’s share capital. 
Conflicts of Interest 
None of the Directors or senior management of the Bank has any existing or potential conflicts of interests with 
respect to their duties to the Bank and their private interests or other duties. 
Address
The business address of the Bank’s Board and senior management is Hacıbayram Mahallesi Atatürk Bulvarı No: 8, 
06050 Altındağ, Ankara, Turkey. The telephone number of the Bank is +90 312 584 20 00. The Bank’s registration number 
is 1148.

--- Page 191 ---
172 
OWNERSHIP 
As of 31 December 2020, the authorised share capital of the bank consisted of 13,100,000,000 shares, each with a 
par value of TL 1 per share and all of such shares are held by the Turkey Wealth Fund, which acquired such shares from the 
Turkish Treasury in September 2017. The TWFM Company was established, as promulgated by legislation published in the 
Official Gazette dated 26 August 2016, with the objective of launching and managing the Turkey Wealth Fund in order to 
contribute to the product diversity and depth of capital markets, generate external funding, participate in large scale, strategic 
investments, bring government funds into the economy and contribute to investor confidence in the markets. 
The TWFM Company operates under the Presidency of the Republic of Turkey as a state-owned entity.

--- Page 192 ---
173 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
Under BRSA regulations, related parties of the Bank include entities or individuals that are directors, shareholders, 
general managers and deputy general managers (and, even if they are employed under different titles, managers who have 
equivalent or higher positions in terms of their responsibilities and powers), the respective spouses and children of any of the 
aforementioned individuals, affiliates or entities under the common management or control of the Bank but do not include 
other Turkish state-controlled entities. 
Members of the Group make certain cash advances and commitments in favour of certain other members of the 
Group, other associates and entities under common control (joint ventures) and other real and legal persons among the 
Bank’s related parties. Such cash advances amounted to TL 2,513.5 million (0.4% of total cash loans) and commitments 
amounted to TL 7,410.8 million (5.2% of total commitments) as of 31 December 2020. 
Deposits from associates and entities under common control (joint ventures) and other real and legal persons among 
the Bank’s related parties amounted to TL 1,674.6 million (0.3% of total deposits) as of 31 December 2020. 
The Group enters into transactions with related parties in the ordinary course of its business and on an arm’s length 
basis and will continue to do so in the future. While none of these individual transactions is material, the transactions 
involving the granting of commitments and contingencies represent, in the aggregate, a material exposure on behalf of related 
parties.

--- Page 193 ---
174 
THE TURKISH BANKING SECTOR 
The following information relating to the Turkish banking sector has been provided for background purposes only. 
The information has been extracted from third-party sources that the Bank’s management believes to be reliable but the Bank 
has not independently verified such information. See “Responsibility Statement.” 
The Turkish Banking Sector 
After a phase of consolidation, liquidations and significant regulatory enhancements in the 2000s, the Turkish 
banking sector has experienced a period of stability. The total number of banks (including deposit-taking banks, investment 
banks and development banks) in the sector has held relatively steady with approximately 45 banks consistently since 2008. 
During this phase, bank combinations have been few and changes to the roster have resulted principally from strategic 
investors purchasing existing local banks. Foreign investors have, amongst others, included BBVA, BNP Paribas, Sberbank, 
Citigroup, ING, Bank of China, Intesa Sanpaolo, MUFG Bank, Ltd., Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Qatar 
National Bank and, in the most recent significant acquisition, Emirates NBD Bank entered into an agreement with Sberbank 
in 2018 to acquire its stake in Denizbank A.Ş. (“Denizbank”), a mid-sized bank in Turkey, which acquisition closed in 2019. 
As of 31 December 2020, 48 banks (including domestic and foreign banks but excluding the Central Bank) were 
operating in Turkey (six participation banks, which conduct their business under different legislation in accordance with 
Islamic banking principles, are not included in this analysis). Thirty-four of these were deposit-taking banks (including the 
Bank) and the remaining banks were development and investment banks. Among the deposit-taking banks, three banks were 
state-controlled banks, eight were private domestic banks, 21 were private foreign banks and two were under the 
administration of the SDIF. 
The Banking Law permits deposit-taking banks to engage in all fields of financial activities, including deposit 
collection, corporate and consumer lending, foreign exchange transactions, capital market activities and securities trading. 
Typically, major commercial banks have nationwide branch networks and provide a full range of banking services, while 
smaller commercial banks focus on wholesale banking. The main objectives of development and investment banks are to 
provide medium-and long-term funding for investment in different sectors.  
Deposit-taking Turkish banks’ total balance sheets have grown at a compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”) of 
17.1% from 31 December 2010 to 31 December 2020, driven by loan book expansion and customer deposits growth, which 
increased by a CAGR of 18.5% and 16.5%, respectively, during such period, in each case according to data from the BRSA. 
Despite strong growth of net loans and customer deposits, the Turkish banking sector remains relatively under-penetrated 
compared to the eurozone. Loans/GDP and customer deposits/GDP ratios of the Turkish banking sector were 73.7% and 
71.8%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 according to BRSA and Turkstat data, whereas 19 countries in the eurozone’s 
banking sector had average loan and customer deposit penetration ratios of 191.2% and 188.8%, respectively, as of the same 
date based upon data from the ECB.

--- Page 194 ---
175 
The following table shows key indicators for deposit-taking banks in Turkey as of (or for the period ended on) the 
indicated dates. 
As of (or for the year ended) 31 December 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(TL millions, except percentages) 
Balance sheet 
Loans(1) ...................................................  
1,546,384 
1,857,493 
2,088,599 
2,308,603 
3,091,047 
Total assets .............................................  
2,455,366 
2,922,704 
3,403,305 
3,904,022 
5,281,462 
Customer deposits ..................................  
1,372,359 
1,605,926 
1,899,352 
2,351,444 
3,133,909 
Shareholders’ equity ...............................  
262,503 
314,519 
367,745 
425,808 
519,022 
Income statement 
Net interest income ................................  
83,488 
103,385 
133,019 
146,242 
192,159 
Net fees and commission income ...........  
19,585 
23,757 
29,760 
39,598 
35,519 
Total income ..........................................  
120,960 
148,181 
193,457 
230,441 
274,818 
Net Profit ...................................................  
34,224 
44,158 
47,711 
40,986 
48,688 
Key ratios 
Loans (net) to total deposits ratio ...........  
113.5% 
116.4% 
110.0% 
98.2% 
98.6% 
Net interest margin(2) ..............................  
3.7% 
3.8% 
4.0% 
4.0% 
4.0% 
Return on average shareholders’ equity .  
15.0% 
16.5% 
15.0% 
11.1% 
10.9% 
Capital adequacy ratio ............................  
15.1% 
16.4% 
16.9% 
18.0% 
18.3% 
____________ 
Source: BRSA monthly bulletin (www.bddk.org.tr) 
(1) Due to the implementation of TFRS 9 as of 1 January 2018, NPLs were excluded from the “Loans” line item as of 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020. 
As such, NPLs have been excluded from the “Loans” line items as of 31 December 2016 and 2017 for comparison purposes. 
(2) Calculated as net interest income/(loss) divided by average total assets. 
Competition 
The Turkish banking industry is highly competitive and relatively concentrated with the top ten deposit-taking banks 
accounting for 92.4% of total assets of deposit-taking banks as of 31 December 2020 according to data from the BRSA. 
Among the top ten Turkish banks, there are three state-controlled banks – the Bank, Vakıfbank and Halkbank, which were 
ranked first, second and third, respectively, in terms of total assets as of such date according to the bank-only financials 
published in the Public Disclosure Platform (www.kap.gov.tr). These three state-controlled banks accounted for 46.6% of 
deposit-taking Turkish banks’ performing loans and 47.9% of total deposits as of such date according to the BRSA. The top 
four privately-owned banks as of such date were İşbank, Garanti, Akbank and Yapı Kredi Bank, which in total accounted for 
37.5% of deposit-taking Turkish banks’ performing loans and 38.7% of total deposits as of such date according to the BRSA. 
The remaining banks in the top ten deposit-taking banks in Turkey as of such date included three mid-sized banks, namely 
QNB Finansbank A.Ş., Denizbank and Türk Ekonomi Bankası A.Ş., which were controlled by Qatar National Bank, 
Emirates NBD Bank and TEB Holding (a joint venture between BNP Paribas and Turkey’s Çolakoğlu Group), respectively, 
as of such date.

--- Page 195 ---
176 
TURKISH REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 
Regulatory Institutions 
Turkish banks and branches of foreign banks in Turkey are primarily governed by two regulatory authorities in 
Turkey, the BRSA and the Central Bank. 
The Role of the BRSA 
In June 1999, the Banks Act No. 4389 (which has been replaced by the Banking Law) established the BRSA. The 
BRSA supervises the application of banking legislation, monitors the banking system and is responsible for ensuring that 
banks observe banking legislation. 
Articles 82 and 93 of the Banking Law state that the BRSA, having the status of a public legal entity with 
administrative and financial autonomy, is established in order to ensure application of the Banking Law and other relevant 
acts, to ensure that savings are protected and to carry out other activities as necessary by issuing regulations within the limits 
of the authority granted to it by the Banking Law. The BRSA is obliged and authorised to take and implement any decisions 
and measures in order to prevent any transaction or action that might jeopardise the rights of depositors and the regular and 
secure operation of banks and/or might lead to substantial damages to the national economy, as well as to ensure efficient 
functioning of the credit system. 
The BRSA has responsibility for all banks operating in Turkey, including development and investment banks, 
foreign banks and participation banks. The BRSA sets various mandatory ratios such as reserve levels, capital adequacy and 
liquidity ratios. In addition, all banks must provide the BRSA, on a regular and timely basis, information adequate to permit 
off-site analysis by the BRSA of such bank’s financial performance, including balance sheets, profit and loss accounts, board 
of directors’ reports and auditor’s reports.  
The BRSA conducts both on-site and off-site audits and supervises implementation of the provisions of the Banking 
Law and other legislation, examination of all banking operations and analysis of the relationship and balance between assets, 
receivables, equity capital, liabilities, profit and loss accounts and all other factors affecting a bank’s financial structure. 
The Role of the Central Bank 
The Central Bank was founded in 1930 and performs the traditional functions of a central bank, including the 
issuance of bank notes, determining the exchange rate regime in Turkey jointly with the government and to design and 
implement this regime, maintenance of price stability and continuity, regulation of the money supply, management of official 
gold and foreign exchange reserves, monitoring of the financial system and advising the government on financial matters. 
The Central Bank exercises its powers independently of the government. The Central Bank is empowered to determine the 
inflation target together with the government, and to adopt a monetary policy in compliance with such target. The Central 
Bank is the only authorised and responsible institution for the implementation of such monetary policy. 
The Central Bank has responsibility for all banks operating in Turkey, including foreign banks. The Central Bank 
sets mandatory reserve levels. In addition, each bank must provide the Central Bank, on a current basis, information adequate 
to permit off-site evaluation of its financial performance, including balance sheets, profit and loss accounts, board of 
directors’ reports and auditor’s reports. 
Pursuant to amendments introduced to the Banking Law in 2020, the Central Bank has been empowered to 
determine maximum interest rates for lending and deposit-taking activities of banks, as well as caps on fees, expenses and 
commissions charged by banks to their clients for any sort of activity. 
Banks Association of Turkey 
The Banks Association of Turkey is an organisation that provides limited supervision of and coordination among 
banks (excluding the participation banks) operating in Turkey. All banks (excluding the participation banks) in Turkey are 
obligated to become members of this association. As the representative body of the banking sector, the association aims to

--- Page 196 ---
177 
examine, protect and promote its members’ professional interests; however, despite its supervisory and disciplinary functions, 
it does not possess any powers to regulate banking. 
Shareholdings 
The direct or indirect acquisition by a Person of shares that represent 10% or more of the share capital of any bank 
or the direct or indirect acquisition or disposition of such shares by a Person if the total number of shares held by such Person 
increases above or falls below 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% of the share capital of a bank, requires the permission of the BRSA in 
order to preserve full voting and other shareholders’ rights associated with such shares. In addition, irrespective of the 
thresholds above, an assignment and transfer of privileged shares with the right to nominate a member to the board of 
directors or audit committee (or the issuance of new shares with such privileges) is also subject to the authorisation of the 
BRSA. Additionally, the acquisition or transfer of any shares of a legal entity that owns 10% or more of the share capital of a 
bank is subject to the BRSA’s approval if such transfer results in the total number of such legal entity’s shares directly or 
indirectly held by a shareholder increasing above or falling below 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% of the share capital of such legal 
entity. 
The board of directors of a bank is responsible for taking necessary measures to ascertain that shareholders attending 
a general assembly have obtained the applicable authorisations from the BRSA. If the BRSA determines that a shareholder 
has exercised voting or other shareholders’ rights (other than the right to collect dividends) without due authorisation as 
described in the preceding paragraph, then it is authorised to direct the board of directors of a bank to start the procedure to 
cancel such applicable general assembly resolutions (including by way of taking any necessary precautions concerning such 
banks within its authority under the Banking Law if such procedure has not been started yet). If the shares are obtained on the 
stock exchange, then the BRSA may also impose administrative fines on shareholders who exercise their rights or acquire or 
transfer shares as described in the preceding paragraph without authorisation by the BRSA. In the case that the procedure to 
cancel such general assembly resolutions is not yet started, or such transfer of shares is not deemed appropriate by the BRSA 
even though the procedure to cancel such general assembly resolutions is started, then, upon the notification of the BRSA, the 
SDIF has the authority to exercise such voting and other shareholders’ rights (other than the right to collect dividends and 
priority rights) attributable to such shareholder. 
Lending Limits 
The Banking Law sets out certain lending limits for banks and other financial institutions designed to protect those 
institutions from excessive exposure to any one counterparty (or group of related counterparties). In particular: 
(a) Credits extended to a natural person, a legal entity or a risk group (as defined under Article 49 of the 
Banking Law) in the amounts of 10% or more of a bank’s shareholders’ equity are classified as large credits and the 
total of such credits cannot be more than eight times the bank’s shareholders’ equity. 
(b) The Banking Law restricts the total financial exposure (including extension of credits, issuance of 
guarantees, etc.) that a bank may have to any one customer or a risk group directly or indirectly to 25% of its equity 
capital. Furthermore, a bank, its shareholders holding 10% or more of the bank’s voting rights or the right to 
nominate board members, its board members, its general manager, its deputy general managers and, notwithstanding 
their title, its managers employed in equivalent or higher positions (in each case, and their respective spouses and 
children) and partnerships directly or indirectly, individually or jointly, controlled by any of such persons or a 
partnership in which such persons participate with unlimited liability or in which such persons act as a member of 
the board of directors or general managers constitute a risk group, for which the lending limits are reduced to 20% of 
a bank’s equity capital, subject to the BRSA’s discretion to increase such lending limits up to 25% or to lower it to 
the legal limit. 
(c) Loans extended to a bank’s shareholders (irrespective of whether they are controlling shareholders or 
they own qualified shares) registered with the share ledger of the bank holding more than 1% of the share capital of 
the bank and their risk groups may not exceed 50% of the bank’s capital equity. 
Non-cash loans, futures and option contracts and other similar contracts, avals, guarantees and suretyships, 
transactions carried out with credit institutions and other financial institutions, transactions carried out with the central

--- Page 197 ---
178 
governments, central banks and banks of the countries accredited with the BRSA, as well as bills, bonds and similar capital 
market instruments issued or guaranteed to be paid by them, and transactions carried out pursuant to such guarantees are 
taken into account for the purpose of calculation of loan limits within the framework of principles and ratios set by the 
BRSA. 
Pursuant to Article 55 of the Banking Law, the following transactions are exempt from the above-mentioned lending 
limits: 
(a) transactions backed by cash, cash-like instruments and accounts and precious metals, 
(b) transactions carried out with the Turkish Treasury, the Central Bank, the Privatisation Administration, 
the Housing Development Administration of Turkey, the Turkey Wealth Fund and its management company 
(TWFM Company) as well as transactions carried out against bills, bonds and other securities issued by or payment 
of which is guaranteed by these institutions, 
(c) transactions carried out in money markets established by the Central Bank or pursuant to special laws, 
(d) in the event a new loan is extended to the same Person or to the same risk group (but excluding checks 
and credit cards), any increase due to the volatility of exchange rates, taking into consideration the current exchange 
rate of the loans made available earlier in foreign currency (or exchange rate), at the date when the new loan was 
extended; as well as interest accrued on overdue loans, dividends and other elements, 
(e) equity participations acquired due to any capital increases at no cost and any increase in the value of 
equity participations not requiring any fund outflow, 
(f) transactions carried out among banks on the basis set out by the BRSA, 
(g) equity participations acquired through underwriting commitments in public offerings; provided that 
such participations are disposed of in a manner and at a time determined by the BRSA, 
(h) transactions that are taken into account as deductibles in calculation of equity, and 
(i) other transactions to be determined by the BRSA. 
Expected Credit Losses 
Pursuant to Article 53 of the Banking Law, banks must formulate, implement and regularly review policies 
regarding compensation for losses that have arisen or are likely to arise in connection with loans and other receivables and to 
reserve an adequate level of provisions against depreciation or impairment in the value of other assets, for qualification and 
classification of assets, receipt of guarantees and securities and measurement of their value and reliability. In addition, such 
policies must address issues such as monitoring loans under review, write-off of such loans in accordance with Turkish 
Financial Reporting Standards as published by the POA, follow-up procedures and the repayment (including restructuring) of 
loans. All special provisions set aside for loans in accordance with this article are considered to be expenditures deductible 
from the corporate tax base in the year in which they are set aside. Loans written-off as per this article due to the loss of 
recovery possibility after setting aside special provisions are to be recorded as bad debt. 
Procedures relating to expected credit losses for NPLs are set out in Article 53 of the Banking Law and in 
regulations issued by the BRSA (principally through the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, which entered 
into force as of 1 January 2018 and replaced the former regulation). Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions 
Regulation, banks are required to classify their loans and other receivables into one of the following groups:

--- Page 198 ---
179 
(a) Group I: Loans of a Standard Nature: This group involves each loan (which, for purposes of 
the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, includes other receivables, and shall be understood 
as such elsewhere in this Base Prospectus): 
(i) that has been disbursed to financially creditworthy natural persons and legal entities, 
(ii) the principal and interest payments of which have been structured according to the 
solvency and cash flow of the debtor, 
(iii) repayments of which have been made within due dates or have not been overdue for 
more than 30 days, for which no repayment problems are expected in the future, and that have the 
ability to be collected in full without recourse to any collateral, 
(iv) for which no weakening of the creditworthiness of the applicable debtor has been 
found, and 
(v) to which 12 month expected credit loss reserve applies under TFRS 9. 
On 27 March 2020 (with retroactive effect from 17 March 2020), the BRSA (as part of the 
measures taken against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic) announced a temporary rule (effective 
until 31 December 2020) providing that the 30 days referred to in clause (iii) is replaced with 90 days, 
resulting in loans remaining categorised as Group I loans longer and then moving into Group II loans at 
90 days. On 8 December 2020, the BRSA extended this temporary rule until 30 June 2021. 
(b) Group II: Loans Under Close Monitoring: This group involves each loan:  
(i) that has been extended to financially creditworthy natural persons and legal entities 
and where negative changes in the debtor’s solvency or cash flow have been observed or predicted 
due to adverse events in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates, 
or other adverse events solely related to the respective debtor, 
(ii) that needs to be closely monitored due to reasons such as significant financial risk 
carried by the debtor at the time of the utilisation of the loan, 
(iii) in connection with which problems are likely to occur as to principal and interest 
payments under the conditions of the loan agreement, and where such problems (in case not 
resolved) might result in non-payment risk before recourse to any collateral, 
(iv) although the creditworthiness of the debtor has not weakened in comparison with its 
creditworthiness on the day the loan is granted, there is likelihood of such weakening due to the 
debtor’s irregular and unmanageable cash flow, 
(v) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which are overdue for more 
than 30 but less than 90 days following any payment due date (including the maturity date) for 
reasons that cannot be interpreted as a weakening in creditworthiness, 
(vi) in connection with which the credit risk of the debtor has notably increased pursuant 
to TFRS 9, 
(vii) repayments of which are fully dependent upon collateral and the net realisable 
value of such collateral falls under the receivable amount, 
(viii) that has been subject to restructuring when monitored under Group I or Group II 
without being subject to classification as an NPL, or

--- Page 199 ---
180 
(ix) that has been subject to restructuring while being monitored as an NPL and 
classified as a performing loan upon satisfaction of the relevant conditions stated in the regulation. 
On 27 March 2020 (with retroactive effect from 17 March 2020), the BRSA (as part of the 
measures taken against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic) announced a temporary rule (effective 
until 31 December 2020) providing that the 30 days referred to in clause (v) is replaced with 90 days, 
resulting in loans remaining categorised as Group I loans longer and then moving into Group II loans at 
90 days. On 8 December 2020, the BRSA extended this temporary rule until 30 June 2021. 
Notwithstanding this change, the Group’s management has determined that it will continue to provide 
reserves for loans as if this rule had not been implemented in order to adhere to the Group’s own risk 
models used in the calculation of expected credit losses. 
(c) Group III: Loans with Limited Recovery: This group involves each loan: 
(i) in connection with which the debtor’s creditworthiness has weakened, 
(ii) that demonstrates limited possibility for the collection of the full amount due to the 
insufficiency of net realisable value of the collateral or the debtor’s resources to meet the 
collection of the full amount on the due date without any recourse to the collateral, and that would 
likely result in losses in case such problems are not resolved, 
(iii) collection of the principal and/or interest of which has/have been delayed for more 
than 90 days but not more than 180 days from the payment due date, 
(iv) in connection with which the bank is of the opinion that collection by the bank of 
the principal or interest of the loan or both will be delayed for more than 90 days from the 
payment due date owing to reasons such as the debtor’s difficulties in financing working capital or 
in creating additional liquidity as a result of adverse events in macroeconomic conditions or in the 
sector in which the debtor operates or other adverse events solely related to the debtor, or 
(v) that has been classified as a performing loan after restructuring but principal and/or 
interest payments of which have been overdue for more than 30 days within one year of 
restructuring or have been subject to another restructuring within a year of a previous 
restructuring. 
On 17 March 2020, the BRSA (as part of the measures taken against the impacts of the COVID-19 
pandemic) implemented a temporary rule (effective until 31 December 2020) providing that the 90 days 
referred to in clauses (iii) and (iv) are replaced with 180 days, resulting in loans remaining categorised as 
Group II loans longer. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the temporary rule does not provide any 
guidance as to classification of loans with payment delays of more than 180 days; however, it might be the 
case that such loans would bypass Group III and become Group IV loans. This temporary rule also 
suspended the application of clause (v) through 31 December 2020. On 8 December 2020, the BRSA 
extended this temporary rule until 30 June 2021. Notwithstanding this change, the Group’s management 
has determined that it will continue to provide reserves for loans as if this rule had not been implemented in 
order to adhere to the Group’s own risk models used in the calculation of expected credit losses. 
(d) Group IV: Loans with Suspicious Recovery: This group involves each loan: 
(i) principal and/or interest payments of which will probably not be repaid in full under 
the terms of the loan agreement without recourse to any collateral, 
(ii) in connection with which the debtor’s creditworthiness has significantly 
deteriorated, but which loan is not considered as an actual loss due to expected factors such as 
merger, the possibility of finding new financing or a capital increase to enhance the debtor’s 
creditworthiness or the possibility of the credit being collected,

--- Page 200 ---
181 
(iii) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue for 
more than 180 days but less than one year following any payment due date (including the maturity 
date), or 
(iv) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which is expected to be 
overdue for more than 180 days following any payment due date (including the maturity date) as a 
result of adverse events in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates 
or adverse events solely related to the debtor. 
(e) Group V: Loans Considered as Losses: This group involves each loan: 
(i) for which, as a result of the complete loss of the debtor’s creditworthiness, no 
collection is expected or only a negligible part of the total receivable amount is expected to be 
collected, 
(ii) although having the characteristics stated in Groups III and IV, the collection of the 
total receivable amount of which, albeit due and payable, is unlikely within a period exceeding 
one year, or 
(iii) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue for 
more than one year following any payment due date. 
Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, the following loans are classified as 
NPLs: (a) loans that are classified under Groups III, IV and V, (b) loans the debtors of which are deemed to have 
defaulted pursuant to the Communiqué on the Calculation of Principal Subject to Credit Risk by Internal-Ratings 
Based Approaches (published in the Official Gazette dated 23 October 2015 and numbered 29511) or (c) loans to 
which, as a result of debtor’s default, the lifetime expected credit loss reserve applies under TFRS 9. Financial 
guarantees are also classified as NPLs on the basis of their nominal amounts in case where: (i) a risk of a 
compensation claim by the creditor has occurred or (ii) the debt assumed under the relevant financial guarantee falls 
within the scope of any of the circumstances stated in clause (a), (b) or (c). If several loans have been extended to a 
debtor by the same bank and any of these loans is classified as an NPL, then all other loans extended to such debtor 
by such bank shall also be classified as NPLs; however, for consumer loans, even if any of these loans is classified 
as an NPL, other consumer loans granted to the same debtor may be classified in the respective applicable group 
other than Group I. According to the decisions of the BRSA dated 15 November 2018 and numbered 8095 and dated 
1 August 2019 and numbered 5477, KGF-guaranteed loans (which are supported by the Turkish Treasury) and loans 
restructured within the scope of the Framework Agreement will not be classified as NPLs unless there is an overdue 
amount for more than 90 days following the due date; however, pursuant to March 2020 amendments to the rules, 
the 90 day limit was increased to 180 days until 31 December 2020. On 8 December 2020, the BRSA extended this 
temporary rule until 30 June 2021. 
On 27 November 2019, the BRSA published an amendment to the Classification of Loans and Provisions 
Regulation, which was retroactively made effective from 19 July 2019. According to this amendment, if the portion 
of a loan for which a lifelong expected loan loss provision or special provision has been set aside due to the debtor’s 
default and that is classified under Group V is not reasonably expected to be recovered, then such portion/loan may 
(as an accounting matter) be written down within the scope of TFRS 9 as of the first fiscal reporting period 
following its classification under Group V. 
The Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation includes detailed rules and criteria in relation to 
concepts of the “reclassification” and “restructuring” of loans. The reclassification of NPLs as performing loans is 
subject to the following conditions: (a) all overdue repayments that have caused the relevant loan to be classified as 
NPL have been collected in full without any recourse to any security, (b) as of the date of the reclassification, there 
has not been any overdue repayment and the last two repayments preceding such date (except the repayments 
mentioned in clause (a)) have been realised in full by their due date, and (c) conditions for such loans to be classified 
under Group I or II have been fulfilled. Furthermore, loans that have been fully or partially written-down by the 
banks in their assets, security for which loans has been enforced to satisfy the debt or repayment of which has been 
made in kind, cannot be classified as a performing loan. According to a non-public BRSA decision on 8 November

--- Page 201 ---
182 
2019, the one year period described in clause (ii) was reduced to six months through 31 December 2020 (which, by 
a BRSA decision on 8 December 2020, was then extended until 30 June 2021). In addition, this non-public BRSA 
decision (as also so extended) provides that loans that are partially repaid through the foreclosure on collateral or 
have been paid in kind are exempt from this regulation through 30 June 2021. 
The restructuring of a loan consists of: (a) amendments to the conditions of the loan agreement or (b) 
partial or full refinancing of the loan. In this respect, an NPL may be reclassified as a restructured loan under 
Group II subject to the following conditions: (i) upon evaluation of the financial standing of the debtor, it has been 
determined that the conditions for the applicable loan to be classified as an NPL have disappeared, (ii) the loan has 
been monitored as an NPL at least for one year following restructuring, (iii) as of the date of reclassification as a 
Group II loan, there has not been any delay in principal and/or interest payments nor are there any expectation of 
any such delay in the future, and (iv) overdue payments and/or written-down principal payments in relation to the 
restructured loan have been collected. According to a non-public BRSA decision on 8 November 2019, the one year 
period described in clause (ii) was reduced to six months through 31 December 2020 (which, by a BRSA decision 
on 8 December 2020, was then extended until 30 June 2021). Furthermore, such restructured NPL being reclassified 
as a performing Group II loan may be excluded from the scope of the restructuring if all the following conditions are 
met: (A) such loan has been monitored as a restructured loan under Group II at least for one year, (B) at least 10% of 
the outstanding debt amount has been repaid during such one year monitoring period, (C) there has not been any 
delay of more than 30 days in principal and/or interest payments of any loan extended to the applicable debtor 
during such monitoring period and (D) the financial difficulty that led to the restructuring of the loan no longer 
exists. Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, banks applying TFRS 9 may reclassify 
their performing loans, which had been previously classified as restructured loans under Group II, under Group I 
again following a minimum three month monitoring period, subject to the satisfaction of the requirements listed 
under clauses (C) and (D) above (regardless of the conditions under clauses (A) and (B) stated above). 
Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, the general rule is that banks shall apply 
provisions for their loans pursuant to TFRS 9; however, the BRSA may, on an exceptional basis, authorise a bank to 
apply the applicable provisions set forth in the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation instead of those 
required by TFRS 9, subject to the presence of detailed and acceptable grounds. With respect to the requirements 
under TFRS 9, “twelve-months expected credit loss reserve” and “lifetime expected credit loss reserve set aside due 
to significant increase in credit risk profile of the debtor” are considered as general provisions while “lifetime 
expected credit loss reserve set aside due to debtor’s default” is considered as special provisions.  
Under Articles 10 and 11 of the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, banks that have been 
authorised not to apply provisions under TFRS 9 are required to set aside general provisions for at least 1.5% and 
3.0% of their total cash loans portfolio under Groups I and II, respectively. For non-cash loans, undertakings and 
derivatives, general provisions to be set aside are calculated by applying the foregoing percentages to the risk-
weighted amounts determined pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation. Subject to the presence of a written 
pledge or assignment agreement, loans secured with cash, deposit, participation funds and gold deposit accounts, 
bonds that are issued by the Turkish government (including the Central Bank) and guarantees and sureties provided 
by such are not subject to the general set aside calculation. Loans extended to the Turkish government (including the 
Central Bank) are not required to be considered in such calculation. As to special provisions, banks are required to 
set aside provisions for NPLs under Groups III, IV and V of at least 20%, 50%, and 100%, respectively, of the 
incurred credit loss. 
For both general provisions and special provisions, banks are required to consider country risks and transfer 
risks. In addition, the BRSA may increase such provision requirements for certain banks or loans taking into account 
the concentration, from time to time, of matters such as the size, type, due date, currency, interest structure, sector to 
which loans are extended, geographic circumstances, collateral and the credit risk level and management. 
Regarding the monitoring of security by the banks that have been authorised not to apply provisions under TFRS 9, 
the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation increased the number of categories on collaterals (from four to five), 
amended the content of such categories, and amended the proportions to be deducted, in order to determine the net realisable 
values of the collaterals, from the borrower’s NPLs as follows:

--- Page 202 ---
183 
Category 
Discount Rate 
Category I collateral ...................... 
100% 
Category II collateral..................... 
80% 
Category III collateral ................... 
60% 
Category IV collateral ................... 
40% 
Category V collateral  ................... 
20% 
According to amendments to the 2013 Equity Regulation and the Capital Adequacy Regulation, from 1 January 
2022, general provisions will: (a) no longer be allowed to be included in the supplementary capital (i.e., tier 2 capital) of 
Turkish banks and (b) be deducted from their risk-weighted assets. 
Capital Adequacy 
Article 45 of the Banking Law defines “capital adequacy” as having adequate capital against losses that could arise 
from the risks encountered. Pursuant to the same article, banks must calculate, achieve, maintain and report their capital 
adequacy ratio, which, within the framework of the BRSA’s regulations, cannot be less than 8% (excluding capital buffers). 
In addition, as a prudential requirement, the BRSA requires a target capital adequacy ratio that is 4% higher than the 
regulatory capital ratio of 8% (in each case, excluding capital buffers). 
The BRSA is authorised to increase the minimum capital adequacy ratio and the minimum consolidated capital 
adequacy ratio, to set different ratios for each bank and to revise risk weights of assets that are based upon participation 
accounts, but must consider each bank’s internal systems as well as its asset and financial structures. 
The 2013 Equity Regulation defines capital of a bank as the sum of: (a) principal capital (i.e., tier 1 capital), which is 
composed of core capital (i.e., common equity tier 1 capital) and additional principal capital (i.e., additional tier 1 capital) and 
(b) supplementary capital (i.e., tier 2 capital) minus capital deductions. Pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which 
entered into force on 31 March 2016: (i) both the unconsolidated and consolidated minimum common equity tier 1 capital 
adequacy ratios are 4.5% and (ii) both unconsolidated and consolidated minimum tier 1 capital adequacy ratios are 6.0%. 
The BRSA published several new regulations and communiqués or amendments to its existing regulations and 
communiqués (as published in the Official Gazette No. 29511 dated 23 October 2015 and No. 29599 dated 20 January 2016) 
in accordance with the Regulatory Consistency Assessment Programme (“RCAP”) of the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (the “Basel Committee”), which is conducted by the Bank for International Settlements (the “BIS”) with a view 
to ensure Turkey’s compliance with Basel regulations. These included amendments to the 2013 Equity Regulation and the 
entry into force of the Capital Adequacy Regulation, both on 31 March 2016. The Capital Adequacy Regulation sustained the 
capital adequacy ratios introduced by the former regulation but changed the risk weights of certain items, including: (a) the 
risk weights of foreign currency-denominated required reserves held with the Central Bank from 0% to 50%; however, on 
24 February 2017, the BRSA amended its guidance to allow foreign exchanged-denominated required reserves held with the 
Central Bank to be subject to a 0% risk weight, and (b) the exclusion of the general reserve for possible losses from capital 
calculations. Free provision reversals are recorded directly under equity without impact on net income and thus net income 
does not include new or previously created free provisions. 
The Capital Adequacy Regulation also lowered the risk weights of certain assets and credit conversion factors, 
including reducing: (a) the risk weights of residential mortgage loans from 50% to 35%, (b) the risk weights of consumer 
loans (excluding residential mortgage loans) qualifying as retail loans (perakende alacaklar) in accordance with the Capital 
Adequacy Regulation and instalment payments of credit cards from a range of 100% to 250% (depending upon their 
outstanding tenor) to 75% (irrespective of their tenor); provided that such receivables are not reclassified as NPLs, and (c) the 
credit conversion factors of commitments for credit cards and overdrafts from 20% to 0%. As of 7 February 2017, the BRSA 
published a decision that enables banks to use 0% risk weightings for Turkish Lira-denominated exposures guaranteed by the 
KGF and supported by the Turkish Treasury. On 12 June 2018, the BRSA announced its decision (dated 7 June 2018 and 
numbered 7841) to amend the per customer total risk limit for loans described in clause (b), which is the upper limit for such 
loans subjected to the 75% risk weight, from TL 4,200,000 to TL 5,500,000, which was then increased to TL 7,000,000 on 
18 January 2019. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, on 23 March 2020 and 16 April 2020, the BRSA announced 
regulatory forbearance measures that allow banks to: (i) use in their calculations of risk-weighted assets for credit risk 
exposures from March 2020 through 31 December 2020 (as per the decision dated 8 December 2020, extended through

--- Page 203 ---
184 
30 June 2021) the foreign exchange rates that are used in their 2019 year-end financial statements, (ii) use 0% risk weightings 
for foreign currency-denominated receivables owed by the centralised administration (i.e., public institutions that do not have 
a separate legal entity and act under the legal entity of Turkish state institutions) while calculating the principal amount 
subject to credit risk in accordance with the standard approach as determined under the Capital Adequacy Regulation and (iii) 
calculate the level of capital used in capital adequacy ratio calculations by disregarding through 31 December 2020 (as per 
the BRSA’s decision dated 8 December 2020, extended through 30 June 2021) the negative net valuation differences related 
to securities held as of 23 March 2020 in the portfolio of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. 
Until 30 June 2021, banks may use the average of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates during the 252 business 
days before the calculation date when calculating the risk weighted amounts of credit risk exposures and the relevant special 
provision amounts as per TFRS for both cash and non-cash assets other than assets in foreign currency measured on a 
historical cost basis instead of using the relevant foreign exchange buying rate as of the calculation date. 
Amendments to the 2013 Equity Regulation introduced certain limitations to the items that are included in the 
capital calculations of banks that have issued additional tier 1 and tier 2 instruments prior to 1 January 2014. According to 
these amendments, tier 2 instruments that were issued (among others) after 1 January 2013 are included in tier 2 calculations 
only if they satisfy all of the Tier 2 Conditions. 
On 11 July 2017, clause 9(8)(b) of the 2013 Equity Regulation was repealed. In this context, the excess amount 
mentioned in Article 57 of the Banking Law (i.e., “the total book value of the real property owned by a bank cannot exceed 
50% of its capital base”), and the commodity goods and properties that banks acquire due to their receivables (e.g., 
foreclosed-upon collateral) but have not disposed within three years, are no longer deducted from a bank’s capital base. 
In 2013, the BRSA published the Regulation on the Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital Buffers, 
which entered into force on 1 January 2014 and provides additional core capital requirements both on a consolidated and 
unconsolidated basis. Pursuant to this regulation, the additional core capital requirements are to be calculated by the 
multiplication of the amount of risk-weighted assets by the sum of a capital conservation buffer ratio and bank-specific 
countercyclical buffer ratio. According to this regulation, the capital conservation buffer for banks was set at 1.875% for 
2018 and 2.500% for 2019 and thereafter. Pursuant to decisions of the BRSA, the countercyclical capital buffer required for 
Turkish banks’ exposures in Turkey was initially set at 0% of a bank’s risk-weighted assets in Turkey; however, such ratio 
might fluctuate between 0% and 2.5% as announced from time to time by the BRSA. Any increase to the countercyclical 
capital buffer ratio is to be effective one year after the relevant public announcement, whereas any reduction is to be effective 
as of the date of the relevant public announcement. 
In 2013, the BRSA also published the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Leverage Levels of Banks 
(which entered into force on 1 January 2014 with the exception of certain provisions that entered into effect on 1 January 
2015), seeking to constrain leverage in the banking system and ensure maintenance of adequate equity on a consolidated and 
unconsolidated basis against leverage risks (including measurement error in the risk-based capital measurement approach).
In February 2016, the BRSA issued the D-SIBs Regulation in line with the Basel Committee standards, introducing 
a methodology for assessing the degree to which banks are considered to be systemically important to the Turkish domestic 
market and setting out the additional capital requirements for those banks classified as D-SIBs. The contemplated 
methodology uses an indicator-based approach to identify and classify D-SIBs in Turkey under four different categories: size, 
interconnectedness, lack of substitutability and complexity. Initially, a score for each bank is to be calculated based upon 
their 2014 year-end consolidated financial statements by assessing each bank’s position against a threshold score to be 
determined by the BRSA. The D-SIBs Regulation requires banks identified as D-SIBs to maintain a capital buffer depending 
upon their respective classification. These buffers are applied as 3% for Group 4 banks, 2% for Group 3 banks, 1.5% for 
Group 2 banks and 1% for Group 1 banks. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is classified as a Group 3 D-SIB 
under the D-SIBs Regulation. 
Furthermore, the Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios seeks to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level 
of unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets that can be converted into cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day 
period. The Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios provides that the ratio of the high quality asset stock to the net cash 
outflows, both of which are calculated in line with the regulation, cannot be lower than 100% in respect of total consolidated 
and unconsolidated liquidity and 80% in respect of consolidated and unconsolidated foreign exchange liquidity; however, 
pursuant to the BRSA Decision on Liquidity Ratios, for the period between 5 January 2015 and 31 December 2015, such 
ratios were applied as 60% and 40%, respectively, and such ratios were increased by ten percentage points for each year from

--- Page 204 ---
185 
1 January 2016 until 1 January 2019. The BRSA Decision on Liquidity Ratios further provides that a 0% liquidity adequacy 
ratio limit applies to deposit banks. On 15 August 2017, the BRSA revised from 50% to 100% the ratio of required reserves 
held with the Central Bank that can be included in liquidity calculations. Unconsolidated total and foreign currency liquidity 
coverage ratios cannot be non-compliant more than six times within a calendar year, which includes non-compliances that 
have already been remedied. 
Pursuant to the 2013 Equity Regulation, if a Turkish bank invests in debt instruments of other banks or financial 
institutions that are already invested in that Turkish bank’s additional tier 1 or tier 2 capital, then the amount of such debt 
instrument (and their issuance premia) are required to be deducted when calculating that Turkish bank’s additional tier 1 or 
tier 2 capital (as applicable). 
On 7 June 2018, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Debt Instruments to be included in the Calculation of 
Banks’ Equity, which sets forth procedures and principles for the write-up and write-down of the debt instruments or loans 
that are included in the calculation of banks’ equity (i.e., additional tier 1 and tier 2 capital) as well as procedures and 
principles related to conversion of such debt instruments into shares. 
See also a discussion of the implementation of Basel III in “-Basel Committee - Basel III” below. 
Tier 2 Rules
According to the 2013 Equity Regulation, which came into force on 1 January 2014, tier 2 capital shall be calculated 
by subtracting capital deductions from general provisions that are set aside for receivables and/or the surplus of provisions 
and capital deductions with respect to expected loss amounts for receivables (as the case may be, depending upon the method 
used by the bank to calculate the credit risk amounts of the applicable receivables) and the debt instruments that have been 
approved by the BRSA upon the application of the board of directors of the applicable bank along with a written statement 
confirming compliance of the debt instruments with the conditions set forth below and their issuance premia (the “Tier 2 
Conditions”): 
(a) the debt instrument shall have been issued by the bank and approved by the CMB and shall have been 
fully collected in cash, 
(b) in the event of dissolution of the bank, the debt instrument shall have priority over debt instruments that 
are included in additional tier 1 capital and shall be subordinated with respect to rights of deposit holders and all 
other creditors, 
(c) the debt instrument shall not be related to any derivative operation or contract, nor shall it be tied to any 
guarantee or security, in one way or another, directly or indirectly, in a manner that violates the condition stated in 
clause (b), 
(d) the debt instrument must have an initial maturity of at least five years and shall not include any 
provision that may incentivise prepayment, such as dividends and increase of interest rate, 
(e) if the debt instrument includes a prepayment option, such option shall be exercisable no earlier than five 
years after issuance and only with the approval of the BRSA; approval of the BRSA is subject to the following 
conditions: 
(i) the bank should not create any market expectation that the option will be exercised by the bank, 
(ii) the debt instrument shall be replaced by another debt instrument either of the same quality or 
higher quality, and such replacement shall not have a restrictive effect on the bank’s ability to sustain its 
operations, or 
(iii) following the exercise of the option, the equity of the bank shall exceed the higher of: (A) the 
capital adequacy requirement that is to be calculated pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation along 
with the Regulation on the Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital Buffers, (B) the capital

--- Page 205 ---
186 
requirement derived as a result of an ICAAP of the bank and (C) the higher capital requirement set by the 
BRSA (if any); 
however, if tax legislation or other regulations are materially amended, a prepayment option may be exercised; 
provided that the above conditions in this clause (e) are met and the BRSA approves, 
(f) the debt instrument shall not provide investors with the right to demand early amortisation except for 
during a bankruptcy or dissolution process relating to the issuer, 
(g) the debt instrument’s dividend or interest payments shall not be linked to the creditworthiness of the 
issuer, 
(h) the debt instrument shall not be: (i) purchased by the issuer or by corporations controlled by the issuer 
or significantly under the influence of the issuer or (ii) assigned to such entities, and its purchase shall not be directly 
or indirectly financed by the issuer itself, 
(i) if there is a possibility that the bank’s operating licence would be cancelled or the probability of the 
transfer of the management of the bank to the SDIF arises pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law due to the 
losses incurred by the bank, then removal of the debt instrument from the bank’s records or the debt instrument’s 
conversion to share certificates for the absorption of the loss would be possible if the BRSA so decides, 
(j) in the event that the debt instrument has not been issued by the bank itself or one of its consolidated 
entities, the amounts obtained from the issuance shall be immediately transferred without any restriction to the bank 
or its consolidated entity (as the case may be) in accordance with the rules listed above, and  
(k) the repayment of the principal of the debt instrument before its maturity is subject to the approval of the 
BRSA and the approval of the BRSA is subject to the same conditions as the exercise of the prepayment option as 
described in clause (e). 
Loans (as opposed to securities) that have been approved by the BRSA upon the application of the board of directors 
of the applicable bank accompanied by a written statement confirming that all of the Tier 2 Conditions (except for the 
condition stated in clause (a) of the Tier 2 Conditions) are met also can be included in tier 2 capital calculations. 
In addition to the conditions that need to be met before including debt instruments and loans in the calculation of 
tier 2 capital, the 2013 Equity Regulation also provides a limit for inclusion of general provisions to be set aside for 
receivables and/or the surplus of provisions and capital deductions with respect to expected loss amounts of receivables; 
however, the portion of surplus of this amount that exceeds general provisions is not taken into consideration in calculating 
the tier 2 capital. As of 1 January 2022, general provisions will no longer be allowed to be included in the supplementary 
capital (i.e., tier 2 capital) of Turkish banks and the aforementioned limit that is calculated on the basis of risk-weighted 
assets related to credit risk is no longer applicable. 
Furthermore, in addition to the Tier 2 Conditions stated above, the BRSA may require new conditions for each debt 
instrument and the procedure and principles regarding the removal of the debt instrument from the bank’s records or the debt 
instrument’s conversion to share certificates are determined by the BRSA. 
Debt instruments and loans that are approved by the BRSA are included in accounts of tier 2 capital as of the date of 
transfer to the relevant accounts in the applicable bank’s records. Loans and debt instruments that have been included in tier 2 
capital calculations and that have less than five years to maturity shall be included in tier 2 capital calculations after being 
reduced by 20% each year. 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Rules
Under Article 7(2)(i) of the 2013 Equity Regulation, in order for a debt to qualify as additional tier 1 capital of a 
bank, the bank must be entitled pursuant to the terms of that debt to write-down or convert into equity (but not necessarily 
both) such debt upon the common equity tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(s) of the bank, on a consolidated or non-consolidated

--- Page 206 ---
187 
basis, falling below 5.125%. In such a case, such bank is required to promptly notify the BRSA and an amount of such debt 
must be written-down and/or converted into equity, in each case to the extent necessary so as to restore the applicable such 
common equity tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(s) to at least 5.125%. As a result of such a write-down: (a) in the event of the 
liquidation of the bank, the claims of the holders of such debt must be reducible via write-down, (b) in the event of the 
exercise of the redemption option, the amount redeemed will be the then-outstanding principal amount (i.e., after any write-
downs and write-ups) as opposed to their original principal amount, and (c) dividend and interest payments on such debt must 
be partially or completely cancellable. 
In addition, Article 7(2)(j) of the 2013 Equity Regulation provides that, in order for a debt to qualify as additional 
tier 1 capital, it must be possible, pursuant to the terms of that debt, for such debt to be written down or converted into equity 
(but not necessarily both) upon the decision of the BRSA if it is probable that: (a) the bank’s operating licence might be 
revoked or (b) such bank may be transferred to the SDIF, in each case pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law. 
Prior to any determination of non-viability of a bank under Article 71 of the Banking Law, the BRSA may require a 
number of corrective, rehabilitative and/or restrictive actions to be taken by the bank in accordance with Articles 68, 69 and 
70 of the Banking Law, including as described in “-Cancellation of Banking License.” In the event that: (a) such actions are 
not (in whole or in part) taken by such bank within a period of time set forth by the BRSA or in any case within 12 months, 
(b) the financial structure of such bank cannot be strengthened despite its having taken such actions, (c) it is determined that 
taking these actions will not lead to the strengthening of the bank’s financial structure, (d) the continuation of the activities of 
such bank would jeopardise the rights of the depositors and the participation account owners and the security and stability of 
the financial system, (e) such bank cannot cover its liabilities as they become due, (f) the total amount of the liabilities of 
such bank exceeds the total amount of its assets or (g) the controlling shareholders or directors of such bank are found to have 
utilised such bank’s resources for their own interests, directly or indirectly or fraudulently, in a manner that jeopardised the 
secure functioning of the bank or caused such bank to sustain a loss as a result of such misuse, then the BRSA may determine 
that such bank is non-viable under Article 71 of the Banking Law. 
Calculation of Additional Tier 1 Capital. According to the 2013 Equity Regulation, the amount of additional tier 1 
capital shall be calculated by subtracting capital deductions from the sum of: (a) shares with preferential rights that are not 
included in common equity tier 1 capital (except for such shares that require the distribution of dividends in the future), (b) 
share premia resulting from the issuance of such shares with preferential rights and (c) debt that has been approved by the 
BRSA (and related issuance premia) as eligible for inclusion in the calculation of additional tier 1 capital. The 2013 Equity 
Regulation sets out that, in order for a debt instrument to be included in the calculation of additional tier 1 capital, the 
following conditions need to be met: 
(a) such debt instrument shall have been issued by the bank and approved by the CMB and shall have 
been fully collected in cash, 
(b) in the event of dissolution of such bank, such debt instrument shall be subordinated with respect to 
debt that is included in tier 2 capital and rights of deposit holders and all other creditors (other than other 
additional tier 1 capital), 
(c) such debt instrument shall not be linked to any derivative operation or contract, nor shall it be linked 
to any guarantee or security (in Turkish: teminat), in one way or another, directly or indirectly, in a manner that 
violates the condition stated in clause (b), 
(d) such debt instrument shall not have a maturity and shall not include any provision that may incentivise 
redemption, such as dividends and increase of interest rate, 
(e) if such debt instrument includes a redemption option, then such option shall be exercisable no earlier 
than five years after issuance and only with the approval of the BRSA; approval of the BRSA is subject to the 
following conditions: 
(i) such bank should not create any market expectation that the option will be exercised by the 
bank, and either

--- Page 207 ---
188 
(ii) such debt instrument shall be replaced by another debt instrument either of the same quality 
or higher quality, and such replacement shall not have a restrictive effect on such bank’s ability to 
sustain its operations, or 
(iii) following the exercise of the option, the equity of such bank shall exceed the higher of: (A) 
the capital adequacy requirement that is to be calculated pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation 
along with the BRSA’ Regulation on the Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital Buffers 
published on 5 November 2013, (B) the capital requirement derived as a result of an ICAAP of such 
bank and (C) the higher capital requirement set by the BRSA (if any); 
however, if tax legislation or other regulations are materially amended, a redemption option may be 
exercised; provided that the above conditions in this clause (e) are met and the BRSA approves, 
(f) the redemption of the principal of such debt instrument shall be subject to approval of the BRSA, in 
which case the BRSA would seek the conditions stated in clause (e) to be met, 
(g) the bank shall be entitled to cancel the interest and dividend payments on such debt instrument and, if it 
exercises such right, then it shall not have an obligation to pay the difference between the amount set out in the 
terms of such debt instrument and the amount actually paid in subsequent periods (even in case of non-payment), 
cancellation of payments shall not be considered as default, such bank shall be entitled to use at its own discretion 
the amounts corresponding to the cancelled payments and the cancellation shall not have any restricting effect on 
such bank except with respect to payments to be made to its shareholders, 
(h) dividend or interest payments on such debt instrument may be made only out of the items that may be 
used for dividend distribution, 
(i) such debt instrument’s dividend and interest payments shall not be linked to the creditworthiness of such 
bank, 
(j) such debt instrument shall not be: (i) purchased by such bank or by corporations controlled by such bank 
or significantly under the influence of such bank or (ii) assigned to such entities, and its purchase shall not be 
directly or indirectly financed by such bank itself, 
(k) such debt instrument shall not possess any features hindering any new equity issuance, 
(l) such bank must be entitled, pursuant to the terms of the debt instrument, to write-down or convert into 
equity (but not necessarily both) such debt instrument if the common equity tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of the bank 
(on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis) falls below 5.125%, in each case to the extent necessary so as to 
restore the applicable such common equity tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(s) to at least 5.125%; as a result of such a 
write-down: (i) in the event of the liquidation of the bank, the claims of the holders of such debt instrument must be 
reducible via write-down, (ii) in the event of any redemption of such debt instrument, the amount redeemed will be 
the then-outstanding principal amount (i.e., after any write-downs and write-ups) as opposed to their original 
principal amount, and (iii) dividend and interest payments on such debt instrument must be partially or completely 
cancellable, 
(m) if there is a possibility that such bank’s operating licence would be cancelled or the probability of the 
transfer of such bank to the SDIF arises pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law due to the losses incurred by the 
bank, then such debt instrument shall be subject to being written down or converted into equity (but not necessarily 
both) for the absorption of the loss if the BRSA so decides, and 
(n) in the event that such debt instrument has not been issued by such bank itself or one of its consolidated 
entities, the amounts obtained from the issuance shall be immediately transferred without any restriction to such 
bank or the applicable consolidated entity (as the case may be) in accordance with the rules listed above.

--- Page 208 ---
189 
In addition to debt instruments issued by the bank and approved by the CMB (as stated in clause (a)), loans that have been 
approved by the BRSA upon the application of the board of directors of the applicable bank accompanied by a written 
statement confirming that all of these conditions (except for the condition stated in clause (a) regarding debt instruments 
issued by the bank and approved by the CMB) are met also can be included in the calculation of the amount of additional 
tier 1 capital. 
In addition to these conditions, the BRSA may also require other conditions to be met in respect of a debt, including 
in connection with the procedures relating to the write-down or conversion into equity of such debt. 
Debt instruments and loans that are approved by the BRSA are included in the calculation of the amount of 
additional tier 1 capital as of the date of transfer of the proceeds thereof to the relevant accounts in the applicable bank’s 
records. When applying with respect to a bank the measures set out under Article 71 of the Banking Law, the BRSA is not to 
take into account as liabilities of such bank the debt instruments and loans included in the calculation of additional tier 1 
capital of such bank. 
The 2013 Equity Regulation provides that the BRSA is to determine the rules and procedures with respect to the 
write-down or conversion into equity of debt included in additional tier 1 capital. Accordingly, on 7 June 2018, the BRSA 
published the Communiqué on Debt Instruments to be included in the Calculation of Banks’ Equity (the “Regulatory Capital 
Communiqué”). The Regulatory Capital Communiqué is intended to align the Turkish additional tier 1 framework with 
European practices and imposed certain new requirements on banks. 
Regulatory Capital Communiqué. The Regulatory Capital Communiqué stipulates that the debt included in 
additional tier 1 capital must be subject to write-off, write-down and conversion into equity before the debt included in tier 2 
capital of the banks. Pursuant to the Regulatory Capital Communiqué, if there are multiple additional tier 1 instruments 
included in the additional tier 1 capital of a bank, then the write-off, write-down or conversion into equity of such additional 
tier 1 instruments is to be carried out on a pro rata basis based upon each such additional tier 1 instrument’s portion in the 
total value of the additional tier 1 instruments of such bank that are included in the additional tier 1 capital of such bank. 
Interest and dividend distributions on, and redemptions of, additional tier 1 instruments that have been partially converted 
into equity or written-down are to take into account the outstanding amount after such conversion into equity or write-down. 
The Regulatory Capital Communiqué also provides for a potentially non-permanent write-down of additional tier 1 
instruments upon the common equity tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of a bank, on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis, 
falling below 5.125%. In terms of this write-down procedure, a bank is required to immediately notify the BRSA and the 
holders of such additional tier 1 instruments of the occurrence of such event. An issuer will determine the amount to be 
written down and/or converted into equity, without prejudice to any authority that the Banking Law grants to the BRSA. 
In the case of additional tier 1 instruments that provide for such a write-down of debt on a non-permanent basis, the 
terms of such additional tier 1 instrument will include provisions for the potential write-up of such written-down amount; 
however, according to the Regulatory Capital Communiqué, a write-up is not possible for additional tier 1 instruments that 
have been written down for other reasons. In addition, the Regulatory Capital Communiqué requires that the following 
conditions (among others) be satisfied for any such write-up: 
(a) a write-up can be effected only to the extent that a positive distributable net profit was calculated based 
upon the most recent fiscal year of the applicable bank, 
(b) the sum of the write-up amount and the dividend or coupon payments made with respect to the written-
down principal amount must not be more than the distributable net profit of the applicable bank multiplied by the 
result of: (i) the sum of the aggregate initial principal amount of the additional tier 1 instruments and the aggregate 
initial principal amount of all written-down additional tier 1 instruments of such bank divided by (ii) the total tier 1 
capital of such bank, each as of the date of the relevant write-up, 
(c) the write-up must be effected on a pro rata basis with the other written-down additional tier 1 instruments 
of such bank, and

--- Page 209 ---
190 
(d) the sum of any write-up amount, coupon and dividend payments over the written-down debt will be 
treated as dividend payments, which will be subject to the restrictions relating to dividend distributions and the 
maximum distributable amount restrictions. 
The Regulatory Capital Communiqué also introduced various requirements that must be satisfied in order for a bank 
to exercise any option to convert additional tier 1 instruments into equity. While the Bank’s existing additional tier 1 capital 
(i.e., the €1,400,000,000 of additional tier 1 notes purchased by the Turkey Wealth Fund on 24 April 2019 as described 
previously) do not provide for such conversion, any additional tier 1 capital that the Bank issues in the future might provide 
for such a conversion. 
Basel Committee 
Basel II. The most significant difference between the capital adequacy regulations in place before 1 July 2012 and 
the Basel II regulations is the calculation of risk-weighted assets related to credit risk. The current regulations seek to align 
more closely the minimum capital requirement of a bank with its borrowers’ credit risk profile. The impact of the new 
regulations on capital adequacy levels of Turkish banks largely stems from exposures to the Turkish government, principally 
through the holding of Turkish government bonds. While the previous rules provided a 0% risk weight for exposures to the 
Turkish sovereign and the Central Bank, the rules of Basel II require that claims on sovereign entities and their central banks 
be risk-weighted according to their credit assessment, which (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) results in a 100% risk 
weighting for Turkey; however, the Turkish rules implementing the Basel principles in Turkey revised this general rule by 
providing that Turkish Lira-denominated claims on sovereign entities in Turkey and the Central Bank shall have a 0% risk 
weight. See “Basel III” below for the risk weights of foreign currency-denominated claims on the Central Bank in the form of 
required reserves. 
The BRSA published the Communiqué on the Calculation of Principal Subject to Credit Risk by Internal-Ratings 
Based Approaches and the Communiqué on the Calculation of Principal Subject to Operational Risk by Advanced 
Measurement Approaches for the banks to apply internal ratings for the calculation of principal subject to credit risk and 
advanced measurement approaches for the calculation of principal subject to operational risk, which entered into effect on 
1 January 2015. The BRSA also issued various guidelines noting that the use of such internal rating and advanced 
measurement approaches in the calculation of capital adequacy is subject to the BRSA’s permission. 
Basel III. Turkish banks’ capital adequacy requirements have been and will continue to be affected by Basel III, as 
implemented by the 2013 Equity Regulation, which includes requirements regarding regulatory capital, liquidity, leverage 
ratio and counterparty credit risk measurements. In 2013, the BRSA announced its intention to adopt the Basel III 
requirements and published initially the 2013 Equity Regulation and a capital adequacy regulation, each entering into effect 
on 1 January 2014. The 2013 Equity Regulation introduced core tier 1 capital and additional tier 1 capital as components of 
tier 1 capital. Subsequently, the BRSA replaced this first capital adequacy regulation with the Capital Adequacy Regulation, 
which entered into force on 31 March 2016. These changes: (a) introduced a minimum core capital adequacy ratio (4.5%) and 
a minimum tier 1 capital adequacy ratio (6.0%) to be calculated on a consolidated and unconsolidated basis (which are in 
addition to the previously existing requirement for a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of 8.0%) and (b) changed the risk 
weights of certain items that are categorised under “other assets.” The 2013 Equity Regulation also introduced new tier 2 
rules and determined new criteria for debt instruments to be included in the tier 2 capital. According to the Capital Adequacy 
Regulation, which entered into force on 31 March 2016, the risk weights of foreign currency-denominated required reserves 
on the Central Bank in the form of required reserves were increased from 0% to 50%; however, on 24 February 2017, the 
BRSA amended its guidance to allow foreign exchange-required reserves held with the Central Bank to be subject to a 0% 
risk weight. 
In order to further align Turkish banking legislation with Basel principles, the BRSA has published from time to 
time new regulations and communiqués amending or replacing the existing regulations and communiqués, some of which 
amendments entered into force on 31 March 2016. For information related to the leverage ratios, capital adequacy ratios and 
liquidity coverage ratios of banks, see “Capital Adequacy” above. 
The BIS reviewed Turkey’s compliance with Basel regulations within the scope of the Basel Committee’s RCAP 
and published its RCAP assessment report in March 2016, in which Turkey was assessed as compliant with Basel standards.

--- Page 210 ---
191 
If the Bank and/or the Group is unable to maintain its capital adequacy or leverage ratios above the minimum levels 
required by the BRSA or other regulators (whether due to the inability to obtain additional capital on acceptable economic 
terms, if at all, sell assets (including subsidiaries) at commercially reasonable prices, or at all, or for any other reason), then 
this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.  
Liquidity and Reserve Requirements 
Article 46 of the Banking Law requires banks to calculate, attain, maintain and report the minimum liquidity level in 
accordance with principles and procedures set out by the BRSA. Within this framework, a comprehensive liquidity 
arrangement has been put into force by the BRSA, following the consent of the Central Bank. 
Pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements (the “Communiqué Regarding Reserve 
Requirements”), the Central Bank imposes different reserve requirements for different currencies and different tenors and 
adjusts these rates from time to time in order to encourage or discourage certain types of lending. 
Turkish banks are permitted to maintain: (a) a portion of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in U.S. dollars and 
another portion of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in standard gold and (b) a portion or all of the reserve requirements 
applicable to precious metal deposit accounts in standard gold, which portions are revised from time to time by the Central 
Bank. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group and its Business – Market Risks – Foreign Exchange and Currency 
Risk.” In addition, banks are required to maintain their required reserves against their U.S. dollar-denominated liabilities in 
U.S. dollars only. 
Furthermore, pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, a bank must establish additional 
mandatory reserves if its financial leverage ratio falls within certain intervals. The financial leverage ratio is calculated 
according to the division of a bank’s capital into the sum of the following items: 
(a) its total liabilities, 
(b) its total non-cash loans and obligations, 
(c) its revocable commitments multiplied by 0.1, 
(d) the total sum of each of its derivatives commitments multiplied by its respective loan conversion rate, 
and 
(e) its irrevocable commitments. 
This additional mandatory reserve amount is calculated quarterly according to the arithmetic mean of the monthly leverage 
ratio. 
In December 2018 and April 2019, the Central Bank amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements to 
exclude in the calculation of reserve requirements the following liabilities on the balance sheet: (a) funds acquired on the 
Borsa İstanbul with repo transactions and (b) deposits and participation funds of certain official institutions. These 
amendments also removed a temporary article that distinguished the reserve requirement regime applicable to foreign 
currency liabilities other than deposits and participation funds that existed up to and prior to 28 August 2015 from those 
created after such date. The Central Bank further amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements on 
16 February 2019 to decrease the Turkish Lira liabilities reserve ratios for: (i) demand deposits, time deposits and 
participation funds with maturities of up to one year and other liabilities with maturities of up to (and including) three years, 
by 100 basis points, and (ii) all other liabilities subject to reserve requirements, by 50 basis points. On 9 May 2019, the 
Central Bank increased reserve requirements for all foreign-exchange liabilities (including foreign-exchange 
deposits/participation funds) deposits by 100 basis points and, on 27 May 2019, increased all reserve requirements for 
foreign-exchange deposits/participation funds by another 200 basis points, through which approximately US$3.0 billion and 
US$4.2 billion of liquidity, respectively, was withdrawn from the market. On both 7 August and 20 September 2019, the 
Central Bank increased reserve requirements for foreign-exchange deposits/participation funds by 100 basis points for all 
maturity brackets. To support financial stability and the real loan growth-linked reserve requirement practice, the Central

--- Page 211 ---
192 
Bank decided on 28 December 2019 to increase  (effective as of 10 January 2020 for the liability period starting on 
27 December 2019) the reserve requirement ratios for foreign exchange deposits/participation funds by 200 basis points for 
all maturity brackets, but applying a 200 basis point reduction on the new ratios for banks that attain certain Turkish Lira real 
loan growth conditions (i.e., effectively keeping the reserve requirement ratios for foreign exchange deposits/participation 
funds of such banks unchanged). 
A bank also must maintain mandatory reserves for six mandatory reserve periods beginning with the fourth calendar 
month following an accounting period and additional mandatory reserves for liabilities in Turkish Lira and foreign currency, 
as set forth below: 
Leverage Ratio 
Additional Reserve 
Requirement 
Below 3.0% 
2.0% 
From 3.0% (inclusive) to 4.0% 
1.5% 
From 4.0% (inclusive) to 5.0% 
1.0% 
In March 2020, as part of the government’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Central Bank issued a press 
release announcing the implementation of the following temporary measures: (a) providing banks with flexibility in Turkish 
Lira and foreign currency liquidity management, (b) offering targeted additional liquidity facilities to banks to secure credit 
flow to the corporate sector and (c) aiming to boost the cash flow of exporters by facilitating the discounting of export 
receivables. On 18 July 2020, the Central Bank increased foreign currency reserve requirement ratios by 300 basis points in 
all liability types and maturity brackets for all banks.  
On 27 November 2020, the Central Bank: (a) revised to 12% per annum the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-
denominated required reserves and (b) reduced the commission rate applied to the reserves maintained against U.S. dollar-
denominated deposits and participation fund liabilities from 1.25% to 0%. As a result, from December 2020, the reserve 
requirement ratios for: (i) deposits and participation funds (excluding those obtained from banks abroad) on demand and with 
a maturity up to (and including) three months and Turkish Lira-denominated other liabilities (including deposits and 
participation funds received from banks abroad) with a maturity up to (and including) one year were reduced to 6% per 
annum from 7% per annum, (ii) foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds (excluding deposits and 
participation funds obtained from banks abroad and precious metal deposit accounts) on demand and with a maturity less 
than one year were reduced to 19% per annum from 22% per annum, (iii) foreign currency-denominated deposits and 
participation funds (excluding deposits and participation funds obtained from banks abroad and precious metal deposit 
accounts) with a maturity of one year or more were reduced to 13% per annum from 18% per annum and (iv) other foreign 
currency-denominated liabilities (regardless of maturity) were reduced by 3% per annum. 
On 24 February 2021, the Central Bank: (a) increased Turkish Lira reserve requirement ratios by 2.00% for all 
liability types and maturity brackets, (b) revised portions of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements that Turkish banks are 
permitted to maintain in U.S. dollars and standard gold and (c) revised to 13.50% the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-
denominated required reserves. These changes became effective from the calculation date of 19 February 2021, with the 
maintenance period starting on 5 March 2021. 
Foreign Exchange Requirements 
According to the Regulation on Foreign Exchange Net Position/Capital Base issued by the BRSA and published in 
the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006, for both the bank-only and consolidated financial statements, the 
ratio of a bank’s foreign exchange net position to its capital base should not exceed (+/-) 20%, which calculation is required 
to be made on a weekly basis. The net foreign exchange position is the difference between the Turkish Lira equivalent of a 
bank’s foreign exchange assets and its foreign exchange liabilities. For the purpose of computing the net foreign exchange 
position, foreign exchange assets include all active foreign exchange accounts held by a bank (including its foreign branches), 
its foreign exchange-indexed assets and its subscribed forward foreign exchange purchases; for purposes of computing the 
net foreign exchange position, foreign exchange liabilities include all passive foreign exchange accounts held by a bank 
(including its foreign branches), its subscribed foreign exchange-indexed liabilities and its subscribed forward foreign 
exchange sales. If the ratio of a bank’s net foreign exchange position to its capital base exceeds (+/-) 20%, then the bank is

--- Page 212 ---
193 
required to take steps to move back into compliance within two weeks following the bank’s calculation period. Banks are 
permitted to exceed the legal net foreign exchange position to capital base ratio up to six times per calendar year. 
Audit of Banks 
According to Article 24 of the Banking Law, a bank’s board of directors is required to establish audit committees for 
the execution of the audit and monitoring functions of the board of directors. The duties and responsibilities of the audit 
committee include: (a) the supervision of the efficiency and adequacy of the bank’s internal control, risk management and 
internal audit systems, (b) the functioning of these systems and accounting and reporting systems within the framework of the 
Banking Law and other relevant legislation, (c) the integrity of the information produced by such systems, (d) conducting the 
necessary preliminary evaluations for the selection of independent audit firms by the board of directors, (e) regularly 
monitoring the activities of independent audit firms selected by the board of directors and (f) in the case of holding 
companies covered by the Banking Law, ensuring that the internal audit functions of the institutions that are subject to 
consolidation operate in a coordinated manner. 
Banks are required to select an independent audit firm in accordance with the Turkish Auditor Regulation. 
Independent auditors are held liable for damages and losses to third parties and are subject to stricter reporting obligations. 
Professional liability insurance is required for: (a) independent auditors and (b) evaluators, rating agencies and certain other 
support services (if requested by the service-acquiring bank or required by the BRSA). Furthermore, banks are required to 
consolidate their financial statements on a quarterly basis in accordance with certain consolidation principles established by 
the BRSA. The year-end consolidated financial statements are required to be audited whereas interim consolidated financial 
statements are subject to only a limited review by independent audit firms.  
Pursuant to the Regulation regarding the Internal Systems and Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process of 
Banks, as issued by the BRSA and published in the Official Gazette No. 29057 dated 11 July 2014 (the “ICAAP 
Regulation”), banks are obligated to establish, manage and develop (for themselves and all of their consolidated financial 
subsidiaries) internal audit, internal control and risk management systems commensurate with the scope and structure of their 
activities, in compliance with the provisions of such regulation. The ICAAP Regulation also requires banks to conduct an 
“internal capital adequacy assessment process” (“ICAAP”), which is an internal process whereby banks calculate the amount 
of capital required to cover the risks to which they are or may be exposed on an unconsolidated and consolidated basis and 
with a forward-looking perspective, taking into account their near- and medium-term business and strategic plans. In this 
context, each bank is required to prepare an internal capital adequacy assessment process report (the “ICAAP Report”) 
representing the bank’s own assessment of its capital and liquidity requirements. The ICAAP Regulation established 
standards as to principles of internal control, internal audit and risk management systems and an ICAAP in order to bring 
such regulations into compliance with Basel II requirements. 
In 2015 and 2016, the BRSA issued certain amendments to the ICAAP Regulation to align the Turkish regulatory 
capital regime with Basel III requirements. These amendments relating to internal systems and internal capital adequacy 
ratios entered into force on 20 January 2016 and the other amendments entered into force on 31 March 2016. These 
amendments impose new regulatory requirements to enhance the effectiveness of internal risk management and internal 
capital adequacy assessments by introducing, among other things, new stress test requirements. Accordingly, the board of 
directors and senior management of a bank are required to ensure that a bank has established appropriate risk management 
systems and that it applies an ICAAP such that the bank has adequate capital to meet the risks incurred by it. The ICAAP 
Report is required to be audited by either the internal audit department or an independent audit firm in accordance with the 
internal audit procedures of a bank. 
All banks (public and private) also undergo annual audits and interim audits by certified bank auditors who have the 
authority to audit banks on behalf of the BRSA, which audits encompass all aspects of a bank’s operations, its financial 
statements, other matters affecting the bank’s financial position and the bank’s compliance with law. The Central Bank has 
the right to monitor compliance by banks with the Central Bank’s regulations through on-site and off-site examinations. 
In 2015, the BRSA amended the Regulation on Principles and Procedures of Audits to expand the scope of the audit 
of banks in compliance with the ICAAP Regulation. According to this regulation, the BRSA monitors banks’ compliance 
with the regulations relating to the maintenance of capital and liquidity adequacy for risks incurred or to be incurred by banks 
and the adequacy and efficiency of banks’ internal audit systems.

--- Page 213 ---
194 
The Savings Deposit Insurance Fund (SDIF) 
The SDIF is a public legal entity set up to insure savings deposits held with banks and (along with all other Turkish 
banks) the Bank is subject to its regulations. The SDIF is responsible for and authorised to take measures for restructuring, 
transfers to third parties and strengthening the financial structures of banks, the shares of which and/or the management and 
control of which have been transferred to the SDIF in accordance with Article 71 of the Banking Law, as well as other duties 
imposed on it. 
(a) Insurance of Deposits. Pursuant to Article 63 of the Banking Law: (a) funds in checking accounts that are owned 
by commercial entities (which accounts are used solely for the payment of checks) and (b) funds in savings deposit accounts 
owned by natural persons are insured by the SDIF. The scope and amount of savings deposits subject to the insurance are 
determined by the SDIF upon the approval of the Central Bank, the BRSA and the Turkish Treasury. The tariff of the 
insurance premium, the time and method of collection of this premium, and other relevant matters are determined by the 
SDIF upon the approval of the BRSA. 
(b) Power to require Advances from Banks. Provided that BRSA consent is received, the banks may be required by 
the SDIF to make advances of up to the total insurance premiums paid by them in the previous year to be set-off against their 
future premium obligations. The decision regarding such advances shall also indicate the interest rate applicable thereto. 
(c) Contribution of the Central Bank. If the SDIF’s resources prove insufficient due to extraordinary circumstances, 
then the Central Bank will, on request, provide the SDIF with an advance. The terms, amounts, repayment conditions, interest 
rates and other conditions of the advance will be determined by the Central Bank upon consultation with the SDIF. 
(d) Premiums as an Expense Item. Premiums paid by a bank into the SDIF are to be treated as an expense in the 
calculation of that bank’s corporate tax. 
(e) Liquidation. In the event of the bankruptcy of a bank, the SDIF is a privileged creditor and may liquidate the 
bank under the provisions of the Execution and Bankruptcy Law No. 2004, exercising the duties and powers of the 
bankruptcy office and creditors’ meeting and the bankruptcy administration. 
(f) Claims. In the event of the bankruptcy of a bank, holders of savings deposits will have a privileged claim in 
respect of the part of their deposit that is not covered by the SDIF’s insurance. 
Since 25 September 2019, up to TL 150,000 of the amounts of a depositor’s deposit accounts benefit from the SDIF 
insurance guarantee. 
The main powers and duties of the SDIF pursuant to the SDIF regulation published in the Official Gazette 
No. 26119 dated 25 March 2006, and as amended from time to time, are as follows: 
(a) becoming members of international financial, economic and professional organisations in which 
domestic and foreign equivalent agencies participate, and signing memoranda of understanding with the authorised 
bodies of foreign countries regarding the matters that fall within the SDIF’s span of duty, 
(b) insuring the savings deposits and participation accounts in the credit institutions, 
(c) determining the scope and amount of the savings deposits and participation accounts that are subject to 
insurance with the opinion of the Central Bank, the BRSA and the Turkish Treasury, and the risk-based insurance 
premia timetable, collection time and form and other related issues in cooperation with the BRSA, 
(d) paying (directly or through another bank) the insured deposits and participation accounts from its 
sources in the credit institutions whose banking licence has been revoked by the BRSA, 
(e) fulfilling the necessary operations regarding the transfer, sale and merger of the banks whose 
shareholder rights (except to dividends) and management and supervision have been transferred to the SDIF by the 
BRSA, with the condition that the losses of the shareholders are reduced from the capital, and

--- Page 214 ---
195 
(f) taking management and control of the banks whose banking licence has been revoked by the BRSA and 
fulfilling the necessary operations regarding the bankruptcy and liquidation of such banks. 
Cancellation of Banking Licence 
If the results of an audit show that a bank’s financial structure has seriously weakened, then the BRSA may require 
the bank’s board of directors to take measures to strengthen its financial position. Pursuant to the Banking Law, in the event 
that the BRSA in its sole discretion determines that: 
(a) the assets of a bank are insufficient or are likely to become insufficient to cover its obligations as they 
become due or the bank is not complying with liquidity requirements, 
(b) the bank’s profitability is not sufficient to conduct its business in a secure manner due to disturbances in 
the relation and balance between expenses and profit, 
(c) the regulatory equity capital of such bank is not sufficient or is likely to become insufficient, 
(d) the quality of the assets of such bank have been impaired in a manner potentially weakening its 
financial structure, 
(e) the decisions, transactions or applications of such bank are in breach of the Banking Law, relevant 
regulations or the decisions of the BRSA, 
(f) such bank does not establish internal audit, supervision and risk management systems or to effectively 
and sufficiently conduct such systems or any factor impedes the audit of such systems, 
(g) imprudent acts of such bank’s management materially increase the risks stipulated under the Banking 
Law and relevant legislation or potentially weaken the bank’s financial structure, or 
(h) for D-SIBs, the precautions under the precaution plan described below are not implemented promptly, 
such precautions are unable to cure the applicable weakness or it is determined that such weakness cannot be cured 
even if such precautions were implemented, 
then the BRSA may require the board of directors of such bank: (i) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in 
clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (h), to: 
(A) increase such bank’s equity capital, 
(B) not permit such bank to distribute dividends for a temporary period to be determined by the BRSA and 
to transfer its distributable dividend to the reserve fund, 
(C) increase such bank’s loan provisions, 
(D) stop such bank’s extension of loans to its shareholders, 
(E) dispose of such bank’s assets in order to strengthen its liquidity, 
(F) limit or stop such bank’s new investments, 
(G) limit such bank’s salary and other payments, and/or 
(H) cease such bank’s long-term investments, and 
(ii) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in clause (e), (f) or (g), to:

--- Page 215 ---
196 
(A) cause such bank to comply with the relevant banking legislation, 
(B) cease such bank’s risky transactions by re-evaluating such bank’s credit policy, and/or 
(C) causing such bank to take all actions to decrease any maturity, foreign exchange and interest rate risks 
for a period determined by the BRSA and in accordance with a plan approved by the BRSA. 
The BRSA may also take any other action in relation to the occurrence of an event described in clauses (a) through (h) that it 
may deem necessary. 
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable bank, its financial 
structure cannot be strengthened despite the fact that such actions have been taken or the BRSA determines that taking such 
actions will not lead to a favourable result, then the BRSA may require such bank: (i) in the event of the occurrence of an 
event described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (h) of the preceding paragraph, to: 
(A) strengthen its financial structure, increase its liquidity and/or increase its capital adequacy, 
(B) dispose of its fixed assets and long-term assets within a reasonable time determined by the BRSA, 
(C) decrease its operational and management costs, 
(D) postpone its payments under any name whatsoever, excluding the regular payments to be made to its 
employees, and/or 
(E) limit or prohibit extension of any cash or non-cash loans to certain third persons, legal entities, risk 
groups or sectors, and 
(ii) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in clause (e), (f) or (g) of the preceding paragraph, to:
(A) convene an extraordinary general assembly in order to change some or all of the members of the board 
of directors or assign new member(s) to the board of directors, in the event any board member is responsible for a 
failure to comply with relevant legislation, a failure to establish efficient and sufficient operation of internal audit, 
internal control and risk management systems or non-operation of these systems efficiently or there is a factor that 
impedes supervision or such member(s) of the board of directors cause(s) to increase risks significantly as stipulated 
above, and/or 
(B) implement short-, medium- or long-term plans and projections that are approved by the BRSA to 
decrease the risks incurred by the bank and the members of the board of directors and the shareholders with 
qualified shares must undertake the implementation of such plan in writing. 
The BRSA may also take any other action in relation to the occurrence of an event described in clauses (a) through (h) of the 
preceding paragraph that it may deem necessary. 
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable bank, the problem 
cannot be solved despite the fact that the actions have been taken or the BRSA determines that taking such actions will not 
lead to a favourable result, then the BRSA may require such bank to: 
(a) limit or cease its business or the business of the whole organisation, including its relations with its local 
or foreign branches and correspondents, for a temporary period, 
(b) apply various restrictions, including restrictions on the interest rate and maturity with respect to 
resource collection and utilisation,

--- Page 216 ---
197 
(c) remove from office (in whole or in part) some or all of its members of the board of directors, general 
manager and deputy general managers and the relevant department and branch managers and obtain approval from 
the BRSA as to the persons to be appointed to replace them, 
(d) make available long-term loans; provided that these will not exceed the amount of deposit or 
participation accounts subject to insurance, and be secured by the shares or other assets of the controlling 
shareholders, 
(e) limit or cease its non-performing operations and to dispose of its non-performing assets, 
(f) merge with one or more other interested bank(s), 
(g) provide new shareholders in order to increase its equity capital, 
(h) deduct any resulting losses from its own funds, and/or 
(i) take any other action that the BRSA may deem necessary. 
In the event that: (a) the aforementioned actions are not (in whole or in part) taken by the applicable bank within a 
period of time set forth by the BRSA or in any case within 12 months, (b) the financial structure of such bank cannot be 
strengthened despite its having taken such actions, (c) it is determined that taking these actions will not lead to the 
strengthening of the bank’s financial structure, (d) the continuation of the activities of such bank would jeopardise the rights 
of the depositors and the participation account owners and the security and stability of the financial system, (e) such bank 
cannot cover its liabilities as they become due, (f) the total amount of the liabilities of such bank exceeds the total amount of 
its assets or (g) the controlling shareholders or directors of such bank are found to have utilised such bank’s resources for 
their own interests, directly or indirectly or fraudulently, in a manner that jeopardised the secure functioning of the bank or 
caused such bank to sustain a loss as a result of such misuse, then the BRSA, with the affirmative vote of at least five of its 
board members, may revoke the licence of such bank to engage in banking operations and/or to accept deposits and transfer 
the management, supervision and control of the shareholding rights (excluding dividends) of such bank to the SDIF for the 
purpose of whole or partial transfer or sale of such bank to third persons or the merger thereof; provided that any loss is 
deducted from the share capital of current shareholders.
In order for the advance identification of the appropriate response measures to be taken in case of the occurrence of 
any events (or probability of the occurrence of any events) that might weaken their financial structures, banks that are 
classified by the BRSA as systemically important banks (i.e., as D-SIBs) must create prevention plans and submit those to the 
BRSA. In the case of any determination of the occurrence of any such events (or probability of the occurrence of any such 
events) with respect to such a bank (on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis), such bank must implement the precautions 
indicated in their prevention plan and notify the BRSA of such circumstances and the BRSA may impose the implementation 
of such precautions.
Any and all execution and bankruptcy proceedings (including preliminary injunction) against a bank whose license 
is revoked would be discontinued as from the date on which the BRSA’s decision to revoke such bank’s licence is published 
in the Official Gazette. From the date of revocation of such bank’s licence, the creditors of such bank may not assign their 
rights or take any action that could lead to assignment of their rights. The SDIF must take measures for the protection of the 
rights of depositors and other creditors of such bank. The SDIF is required to pay the insured deposits of such bank either by 
itself or through another bank it may designate. The SDIF is required to institute bankruptcy proceedings in the name of 
depositors against a bank whose banking licence is revoked. 
Annual Reporting 
Pursuant to the Banking Law, Turkish banks are required to follow the BRSA’s principles and procedures (which 
are established in consultation with the Turkish Accounting Standards Board and international standards) when preparing 
their annual reports.

--- Page 217 ---
198 
Furthermore, Turkish companies (including banks) are required to comply with the Regulation regarding 
Determination of the Minimum Content of the Companies’ Annual Reports published by the Ministry of Customs and Trade, 
as well as the Corporate Governance Communiqué, when preparing their annual reports. These reports are required to include 
the following information: management and organisation structures, human resources, activities, financial situation, 
assessment of management and expectations and a summary of the directors’ report and independent auditor’s report. 
A bank cannot settle its balance sheets without ensuring reconciliation with the legal and auxiliary books and 
records of its branches and domestic and foreign correspondents. 
The BRSA is authorised to take necessary measures where it is determined that a bank’s financial statements have 
been misrepresented. 
Pursuant to the Regulation on the Principles and Procedures Concerning the Preparation of Annual Reports by 
Banks published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006, the chairman of the board, audit committee, 
general manager, deputy general manager responsible for financial reporting and the relevant unit manager (or equivalent 
authorities) must sign the reports indicating their full names and titles and declare that the financial report complies with 
relevant legislation and accounting records. 
Independent auditors must perform an audit of, and provide an opinion on, the annual reports prepared by the banks. 
Banks are required to submit their financial reports to related authorities and publish them in accordance with the 
BRSA’s principles and procedures. 
According to BRSA regulations, the annual report is subject to the approval of the board of directors and must be 
submitted to shareholders at least 15 days before the annual general assembly of the bank. Banks also must submit an 
electronic copy of their annual reports to the BRSA within seven days following the publication of the reports. Banks must 
publish a copy of such reports on their websites by the end of May following the end of the relevant fiscal year. 
Amendments to the Regulation on the Principles and Procedures Regarding the Preparation of Annual Reports by 
Banks, which entered into force on 31 March 2016, require annual and interim financial statements of banks to include 
explanations regarding their risk management in line with the Regulation on Risk Management to be Disclosed to the Public. 
Disclosure of Financial Statements 
The BRSA published amendments (which entered into force on 31 March 2016) to the Communiqué on Financial 
Statements to be Disclosed to the Public setting forth principles of disclosure of annotated financial statements of banks in 
accordance with the Communiqué on Public Disclosure regarding Risk Management of Banks and the 2013 Equity 
Regulation. The amendments reflect the updated requirements relating to information to be disclosed to the public in line 
with the amendments to the calculation of risk-weighted assets and their implications for capital adequacy ratios, liquidity 
coverage ratios and leverage ratios. Rules relating to equity items presented in the financial statements were also amended in 
line with the amendments to the 2013 Equity Regulation. Additionally, banks are required to make necessary disclosures on 
their websites immediately upon repayment of a debt instrument, depreciation or conversion of a share certificate or 
occurrence of any other material change. 
In addition, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Public Disclosure regarding Risk Management of Banks, 
which expands the scope of public disclosure to be made in relation to risk management (which entered into force on 
31 March 2016) in line with the disclosure requirements of the Basel Committee. According to this regulation, each bank is 
required to announce information regarding their consolidated and/or unconsolidated risk management related to risks arising 
from or in connection with securitisation, counterparty, credit, market and its operations in line with the standards and 
procedures specified in this regulation. Each bank is also required to form policies approved by its board of directors 
regarding internal audit and control processes relating to risk management. 
On 15 September 2018, the Ministry of Commerce issued a communiqué that sets forth the procedures and 
principles relating to the application of Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code, which article regulates the measures 
that Turkish companies (i.e., joint stock companies, limited liability companies and limited partnerships, in which the capital

--- Page 218 ---
199 
is divided into shares, including financial institutions) are required to adopt in case of loss of capital or insolvency. This new 
communiqué aims to clarify and complement the remedial actions that can be taken in relation to the treatment of foreign 
exchange losses in the calculation of the loss of capital or insolvency. As companies in Turkey prepare their financial 
statements in Turkish Lira, the value of any foreign currency-denominated asset and liability is converted into Turkish Lira 
based upon the currency rate applicable as of the date of such financial statements; however, until 1 January 2023, the 
communiqué allows companies to disregard any losses arising from the exchange rate volatility of any outstanding foreign 
currency-denominated liability while making any capital loss or insolvency calculations. As such, companies will not be 
required to apply any measures set forth in Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code to maintain their capital if the 
relevant loss of capital or insolvency arises from currency fluctuations. 
Financial Services Fee 
Pursuant to Heading XI of Tariff No. 8 attached to the Law on Fees (Law No. 492) amended by the Law No. 5951, 
banks are required to pay to the relevant tax office to which their head office reports an annual financial services fee for each 
of their branches. The amount of the fee is determined in accordance with the population of the district in which the relevant 
branch is located. 
Corporate Governance Principles 
The Corporate Governance Communiqué provides certain mandatory and non-mandatory corporate governance 
principles as well as rules regarding related-party transactions and a company’s investor relations department. Some 
provisions of the Corporate Governance Communiqué are applicable to all companies incorporated in Turkey and listed on 
the Borsa İstanbul, whereas some others are applicable solely to companies whose shares are traded in certain markets of the 
Borsa İstanbul. The Corporate Governance Communiqué provides specific exemptions and/or rules applicable to banks that 
are traded on the Borsa İstanbul. 
The Corporate Governance Communiqué contains principles relating to: (a) companies’ shareholders and other 
stakeholders, (b) public disclosure and transparency and (c) boards of directors. A number of principles are compulsory, 
while the remaining principles apply on a “comply or explain” basis. 
In addition to the mandatory principles regarding the composition of the board and the independent board members, 
the Corporate Governance Communiqué introduced specific corporate approval requirements for all material related party 
transactions. All those types of transactions shall be approved by the majority of the independent board members. If not, then 
they shall be brought to the general assembly meeting where related parties to those transactions are not allowed to vote. 
Meeting quorum shall not be sought for these resolutions and the resolution quorum is the simple majority of the attendees 
who may vote. For banks and financial institutions, transactions with related parties arising from their ordinary activities are 
not subject to the requirements of related party transactions. 
In addition to the provisions of the Corporate Governance Communiqué related to the remuneration policy of banks, 
the BRSA published a guideline on good pricing practices in banks, which entered into force on 31 March 2016. This 
guideline sets out the general principles for employee remuneration as well as standards for remuneration to be made to the 
board of directors and senior management of banks. 
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-Bribery 
Please see “The Group and its Business – Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-
Bribery.” 
Consumer Loan, Provisioning and Credit Card Regulations 
On 8 October 2013, the BRSA published regulations that aim to limit the expansion of individual loans and 
payments (especially credit card instalments). The rules: (a) include overdrafts on deposit accounts and loans on credit cards 
in the category of consumer loans for purposes of provisioning requirements, (b) set a limit for credit cards issued to 
consumers who apply for a credit card for the first time if their income cannot be determined by the bank, (c) require credit 
card issuers to monitor cardholders’ income levels before each limit increase of the credit card and (d) increase the minimum 
monthly payment required to be made by cardholders. The Central Bank also adjusts from time to time the monthly cap on

--- Page 219 ---
200 
individual and commercial credit card interest rates and the commission rates that can be applied by banks for their 
“acquisition” of vouchers from merchants, any of which changes might make the related business less profitable (or even 
unprofitable). In addition, pursuant to the Banking Law, the Central Bank is empowered to determine the maximum interest 
rates for lending and deposit-taking activities of banks, as well as any fees, expenses and commissions charged by them. 
Loan Transactions 
On 31 December 2013, the BRSA adopted rules on loan-to-value and instalments of certain types of loans and, on 
27 September 2016, the BRSA made certain amendments to such rules. Pursuant to these rules, the minimum loan-to-value 
requirement for housing loans extended to consumers, financial lease transactions for housing and loans (except auto loans) 
secured by houses is 80% (which was 75% before such amendments), with exceptions for houses that have an energy 
identification document within the scope of the Energy Efficiency Law No. 5627, for which a higher loan-to-value 
percentage is applicable. On 19 March 2020, the BRSA (as part of the measures taken against the impacts of the COVID-19 
pandemic) published a resolution that increased such loan-to-value requirement to 90% for houses worth TL 500,000 or less; 
provided that such loans are made to consumers and are not used for the purchase of autos. In addition, in accordance with 
the Regulation on Loan Transactions of Banks, for auto loans extended to consumers, loans secured by autos and autos leased 
under financial lease transactions, the loan-to-value requirement is 70%; provided that, in each case, the sale price of the 
respective auto is not higher than TL 120,000; however, if the sale price of the respective auto is above this TL 120,000 
threshold, then the minimum loan-to-value ratio for the portion of the loan below the threshold amount is 70% and the 
remainder is set at 50%. 
The BRSA also set limitations regarding the number of instalments for housing finance and auto loans with certain 
exceptions, which limitations and exceptions are varied from time to time by the BRSA. Also, pursuant to the provisional 
article of the Regulation on Loan Transactions of Banks, the debt balances of individual loans may be restructured at the 
request of the borrower with a maximum number of 72 instalments (with certain exceptions). The BRSA introduced two 
provisional articles to the Regulation on Loan Transactions of Banks on 10 February 2019 and 26 February 2019, 
respectively, providing that the debt balances of individual loans that were overdue as of 10 February 2019 or had been 
utilised by 26 February 2019 may be restructured at the request of the borrower for a period of up to 60 months. 
Caps on Fees, Commissions and POS Commission Rates
The BRSA and Central Bank have issued various laws in late 2019 and early 2020 that impose limitations on certain 
fees and commissions that Turkish banks may charge to customers. On 16 October 2019, the Central Bank introduced an 
amendment to cap the commission rates applied by banks in their “point of sale” (POS) business. The Central Bank then 
issued the Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates and Participation Accounts Profit and Loss Participation Rates 
(the “Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates”) and the Communiqué on Procedures and Principles of Fees to be 
Collected by Banks from Commercial Customers (the “Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees”), both of which 
became effective as of 1 March 2020 (for the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees, most of the provisions relating to 
fees became effective as of 1 April 2020) and impose certain such limitations. Pursuant to these communiqués, the caps on 
POS commission rates for purchases of goods and service were subjected to revision by reference to a monthly reference rate 
determined by the Central Bank plus a fixed rate set out under the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees, which rates 
are adjusted by taking into account the number of days between the day of a purchase transaction and the day on which the 
amount from such purchase is transferred by the applicable bank to the applicable merchant. 
The Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees further sets out standardised fees and caps that are to be charged 
to commercial customers depending upon the category of the applicable product and service. Turkish banks are required to 
apply to the Central Bank to charge any fees or commissions to commercial customers other than those listed under the 
Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees. These limits include (inter alia) limits on fees for electronic funds transfers, 
credit allocation fees, credit underwriting fees and prepayment fees. Banks also are required to accept a commercial 
customer’s request for prepayment of all of such customer’s credit debt (for which prepayment the bank may charge a 
prepayment fee subject to certain limitations under the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees). On 31 December 2020, 
the BRSA amended the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees to include charges for the new fund transfer system, 
namely “Instant and Continuous Transfer System of Funds (FAST),” which allows account holders to transfer money 
between accounts at different banks on a 24/7 basis.

--- Page 220 ---
201 
Foreign Currency Restrictions 
F/X Loan Restriction. Decree 32 and the Capital Movements Circular of the Central Bank (the “Capital Movements 
Circular”) were amended, effective as of 2 May 2018, in order to introduce restrictions on Turkish resident legal entities 
utilising foreign currency loans. While this regime maintained the previous prohibition on Turkish individuals utilising 
foreign exchange loans and foreign exchange-indexed loans, it introduced a strict prohibition on Turkish resident non-bank 
legal entities (each a “Corporate Borrower”) utilising foreign currency-indexed loans, imposed restrictions on Corporate 
Borrowers utilising foreign currency loans (the “F/X Loan Restriction”) and provided exemptions relating to a borrower’s 
foreign currency income (the “F/X Income Exemption”) and foreign currency activities (the “Activity Exemption”) and based 
upon the unpaid outstanding balance of a borrower’s total foreign currency loans (the “Loan Balance”). 
As far as the F/X Income Exemption is concerned, if the Loan Balance of a Corporate Borrower is below US$15 
million, then the sum of the foreign currency loans to be utilised and the existing Loan Balance must not be more than the 
combined value of such Corporate Borrower’s foreign currency income as stated in its financial statements for the last three 
fiscal years. Turkish-resident financial institution lenders are required to control whether a Corporate Borrower complies with 
this rule. In case of any non-compliance with the F/X Loan Restriction rules, Turkish-resident financial institution lenders are 
required either to cancel or convert into Turkish Lira the portion of the foreign currency loans to such Corporate Borrower 
that exceeds this value within 10 business days after the date of determination. The cancelled or converted portion of the 
relevant loans are then deducted from the credit balance of such Corporate Borrower. In case of a breach of this obligation, an 
administrative monetary fine might be imposed. 
In respect of the Activity Exemption, a legal entity must qualify as a public institution, bank, factoring, financial 
leasing or financing company resident in Turkey in order to utilise foreign currency loans. In the case of Corporate 
Borrowers, the Activity Exemption must relate to an activity performed in the last three fiscal years in the context of, among 
others: (a) a domestic tender with an international element awarded to such Corporate Borrower, (b) defence industry projects 
approved by the Undersecretariat of Defence Industry, (c) public-private partnership projects or (d) an export, transit trade, 
sales and related deliveries subject to the relevant Corporate Borrower certifying the scope of its relevant activity and its 
potential sources of foreign currency incomes (muhtemel döviz geliri). Additionally, loans within the scope of an investment 
incentive certificate also benefit from the Activity Exemption; provided that a Corporate Borrower is required to declare 
whether any foreign currency loan has been previously utilised based upon the same investment incentive certificate and, if 
so, such statement must be accompanied with information on the utilisation date, total amount and intermediary bank. 
F/X Transaction Restriction. On 13 September 2018, Decree 32 was amended to impose restrictions on the use of, or 
indexing to, foreign currency in the following contracts executed between Persons residing in Turkey: sale and purchase of 
movable and immovable property, leasing of all kinds of movable and immovable property (including vehicle and financial 
leasing), employment, service and construction contracts. According to such amendments, Turkish residents were required to 
amend any relevant contract so that the contract price and all other payment obligations thereunder were re-determined in 
Turkish Lira within a 30-day transition period (i.e., by 13 October 2018). On 6 October 2018 and 16 November 2018, the 
Turkish Treasury issued an amending communiqué that broadened the scope of, but provided certain exemptions to, these 
restrictions. Among other exemptions, capital market instruments (including any Notes issued directly to Turkish investors, 
subject to restrictions applicable to a resident of Turkey on directly investing in Notes (or beneficial interests therein) issued 
outside of Turkey – see “Transfer and Selling Restrictions”) are exempt from these restrictions. Accordingly, the issuance, 
purchase and sale of capital market instruments in accordance with the Capital Markets Law may be denominated in, or 
indexed to, foreign currency. 
In August 2018, the BRSA capped Turkish banks’ exposure under swap, spot and forward transactions with non-
residents of Turkey (except transactions with such banks’ non-resident financial subsidiaries and other affiliates that are 
subject to consolidation) under which transactions the Turkish bank initially pays Turkish Lira and receives foreign currency 
and, at the maturity date, such bank pays foreign currency and receives Turkish Lira to 25% of a bank’s regulatory capital, 
then reduced this level to 10% in February 2020. On 12 April 2020, as part of the government’s efforts to contain the possible 
adverse effects on the Turkish economy of the global uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the BRSA issued a 
press release announcing that this level was reduced to 1%, which level was then returned to 10% on 25 September 2020. In 
the case of a bank exceeding this level, new transactions may not be executed or renewed until this level (which is calculated 
on a daily basis) is attained. In addition, written approval of the BRSA is required in case there needs to be a cancellation or 
extension of any of these derivatives transactions.

--- Page 221 ---
202 
On 18 December 2019, the BRSA announced that the total notional amount of a Turkish bank’s currency swaps, 
forwards, options and other similar products with non-residents in Turkey (except transactions with such banks’ non-resident 
financial subsidiaries and other affiliates that are subject to consolidation) with a remaining maturity of seven days or fewer 
where, at the maturity date, such bank pays Turkish Lira and receives foreign exchange shall not exceed 10% of such bank’s 
most recently calculated regulatory capital. With its press release on 12 April 2020, the BRSA amended this threshold by 
announcing that transactions with a remaining maturity of seven days or fewer shall not exceed 1% of the applicable bank’s 
most recently calculated regulatory capital on any given calendar date, which threshold was then returned to 2% on 
25 September 2020 and then increased to 5% on 11 November 2020 (as of such date, a threshold of 10% is applied for 
transactions with a remaining maturity of 30 days or fewer and 30% for transactions with a remaining maturity of one year or 
less). 
Amendments to the Turkish Insolvency and Restructuring Regime 
The Enforcement and Bankruptcy Law No. 2004 prevents a contractual arrangement by which a contractual event of 
default clause is stipulated to be triggered in case any application is made by a Turkish company for debt restructuring upon 
settlement (uzlaşma yoluyla yeniden yapılandırma) within the scope of this law. In addition, changes were introduced to this 
law on 15 March 2018 that (inter alia) states that the contractual termination, default and acceleration clauses of an agreement 
cannot be triggered in case the debtor makes a concordat application and such application shall not constitute a breach of 
such agreement. 
On 15 August 2018, the BRSA published the Regulation on Restructuring of Debts in the Financial Sector (the 
“Restructuring Regulation”), which was amended on 21 November 2018 and 12 September 2019, with a view to regulate a 
financial restructuring opportunity for Turkish companies that have entered into loan transactions with: (a) Turkish banks, (b) 
financial lease, factoring and financing companies, (c) banks and financial institutions established outside Turkey, (d) 
multilateral banks and institutions that directly invest in Turkey, (e) special purpose companies established by the foregoing 
institutions for collection of receivables and/or (f) investment funds established as per the Capital Market Law (“Creditor 
Institutions”). The Restructuring Regulation sets forth the procedures and principles on financial restructuring framework 
agreement(s) (the “Framework Agreement”) to be executed amongst the Creditor Institutions. 
Accordingly, implementation of the restructuring for companies that are financially indebted against banks and other 
financial institutions for an outstanding principal amount of TL 25 million or more has been initiated with a framework 
published on the website of the Banks Association of Turkey on 14 October 2019. On 8 November 2019, implementation of a 
restructuring regime for companies that are financially indebted against banks and other financial institutions for an 
outstanding principal amount of less than TL 25 million was published. As such, certain borrowers of the Bank might apply 
for restructuring of their debt. 
Credit Guarantee Fund 
The KGF was established pursuant to Decree No. 93/4496 dated 14 July 1993 in order to provide guarantees for 
SMEs and other enterprises, in particular, to those that are not able to obtain bank loans due to their insufficient collateral. In 
order to improve financing possibilities and contribute to the effective operation of the credit system, pursuant to provisional 
Article 20 of the Law regarding the Regulation of Public Financing and Debt Management (Law No. 4749) dated 28 March 
2002, resources up to TL 2 billion could be transferred by the Minister in charge of the Turkish Treasury to the credit 
guarantee institutions. Such amount was increased to TL 25 billion in accordance with the Law No. 6770 dated 18 January 
2017. In addition, pursuant to Decree No. 2016/9538 on Treasury Support to be provided to the Credit Guarantee Institutions 
(published in the Official Gazette No. 29896 and dated 22 November 2016) (as amended from time to time), the KGF 
guarantees are supported by the Turkish Treasury. Pursuant to an amendment to such Decree that was published in the 
Official Gazette dated 30 March 2020, the Turkish Development and Investment Bank was added among the eligible lenders 
and natural persons were explicitly added as eligible borrowers. On 30 March 2020, an additional TL 25 billion limit was 
allocated by the government under the KGF guarantee in order to address the economic impact of the COVID-19 
coronavirus, increasing the amount available under the KGF programme to TL 185 billion, and the total amount of 
guarantees that may be given by the KGF was increased from TL 250 billion to TL 500 billion (along with increases in the 
guarantee limits with respect to individual borrower groups). 
Pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 162 published in the Official Gazette dated 11 October 2018, loans guaranteed 
by the Turkish Treasury under the KGF programme may be restructured up to 96 months for working capital loans and up to

--- Page 222 ---
203 
156 months for investment loans. Such Presidential Decree also requires lenders to provide an opportunity to borrowers to 
restructure their KGF-guaranteed loans prior to any recourse to the KGF guarantee. 
Additional COVID-19-Related Temporary Measures 
In addition to the other temporary measures described above relating to the government’s response to the COVID-19 
pandemic, the BRSA announced on 23 March 2020 (effective until 31 December 2020) and 16 April 2020 certain measures 
to support banks’ calculation of capital adequacy ratios and net foreign currency positions. Pursuant to these rules, banks are 
entitled to: (a) use in their calculations of risk-weighted assets for credit risk exposures from March 2020 through 
31 December 2020 (as per the decision dated 8 December 2020, extended through 30 June 2021) the foreign exchange rates 
that are used in their 2019 year-end financial statements, (b) calculate the level of capital used in capital adequacy ratio 
calculations by disregarding through 31 December 2020 (as per the BRSA’s decision dated 8 December 2020, extended 
through 30 June 2021) the negative net valuation differences related to securities held as of 23 March 2020 in the portfolio of 
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and (c) use 0% risk weightings for foreign currency-
denominated receivables owed by the centralised administration (i.e., public institutions that do not have a separate legal 
entity and act under the legal entity of Turkish state institutions) while calculating the principal amount subject to credit risk 
in accordance with the standard approach as determined under the Capital Adequacy Regulation. Until 30 June 2021, banks 
may use the average of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates during the 252 business days before the calculation 
date when calculating the risk-weighted amounts of credit risk exposures and the relevant special provision amounts as per 
TFRS for both cash and non-cash assets other than assets in foreign currency measured on a historical cost basis instead of 
using the relevant foreign exchange buying rate as of the calculation date. 
On 27 March 2020, in line with the Economic Stability Shield Package announced by President Erdoğan on 
18 March 2020, the Banks Association of Turkey issued a press release regarding a new “Check Payment Credit Support” 
and “Economic Stability Shield Credit Support” for banks. These governmental credit supports, pursuant to which banks will 
be able to provide loans to corporate, commercial and (in particular) SME clients, will have a maturity of 12 months and an 
interest rate of 9.5% per annum and will require no principal or interest payments for three months. The maximum credit 
amounts that may be lent by a Turkish bank to a customer under these support programmes will be determined based upon 
such customer’s annual turnover. 
On 18 April 2020, the BRSA introduced (and on 30 April 2020 clarified) a new test referred to as the “Asset Ratio,” 
which ratio banks (excluding development and investment banks and banks under the management of the SDIF) were 
originally required to meet (on an unconsolidated basis) on a weekly basis starting from 1 May 2020. The monthly average of 
the Asset Ratio, which was a modified form of a financial assets (e.g., loans and securities) to deposits ratio and was (inter 
alia) intended to measure (and encourage) a bank’s use of deposits for active lending (particularly in Turkish Lira) as 
opposed to investing in securities or other financial assets (particularly in foreign currencies), was not to be lower than 100% 
for deposit-taking banks and 80% for participation banks (which ratios were later reduced to 90% and 70%). Any failure to 
satisfy this minimum level would have subjected the applicable bank to a fine of up to 5% of the shortfall, which fine was not 
to be less than TL 500,000 in any case. As of 24 November 2020, this requirement was eliminated by the BRSA (effective as 
of 31 December 2020) as part of the normalisation process after the initial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
On 22 April 2020, the Central Bank increased from 20% to 30% its limit on the amount of a bank’s swap sales (i.e., 
purchase of a bank’s foreign exchange by the Central Bank in return for Turkish Lira) in relation to such bank’s total foreign 
exchange transaction limits with the Central Bank. In May 2020, the Central Bank gradually increased this limit from 30% to 
50%, which was increased further to 60% on 26 November 2020. These changes were expected to result in an increase in the 
foreign exchange reserves held by the Central Bank while enabling Turkish banks to access additional Turkish Lira funding. 
On 5 May 2020, the BRSA imposed a new requirement that certain Turkish Lira transactions (i.e., Turkish Lira-
denominated placements, loans, deposits and repurchase transactions) performed by a Turkish bank with foreign financial 
institutions, including such Turkish bank’s foreign branches and consolidated foreign subsidiaries regarded as credit 
institutions and financial institutions, are limited to 0.5% (increased to 2.5% as of 30 November 2020) of such Turkish bank’s 
latest calculated shareholders’ equity (as calculated daily on a bank-only basis) as reported to the BRSA on a monthly basis. 
If a Turkish bank exceeds such limit, then such bank is not be allowed to enter into any new such transactions (or renew any 
existing such transactions upon their maturity) until such bank is in compliance with this limit. On 20 May 2020, the BRSA 
declared that any such transactions that clear through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg are not to be included in the 
numerator of such calculation (on 28 July 2020, the BRSA clarified that this exemption will be limited only to the clearing

--- Page 223 ---
204 
activities of securities denominated in Turkish Lira and exempted from the restrictions on access to Turkish Lira swap 
transactions that satisfy certain criteria). On 6 August 2020, the BRSA announced certain exemptions to this restriction in 
favour of foreign financial institutions (other than international development banks) for the following transactions: (a) 
entering into foreign currency swap trades, under which the foreign financial institution buys Turkish Lira in exchange for 
foreign currency at the initial exchange date (i.e., where the foreign bank will sell Turkish Lira at the maturity date), (b) 
entering into swap trades entered into in the Borsa İstanbul foreign exchange swap market, where the foreign bank buys 
Turkish Lira in exchange for foreign currency at the initial exchange date, (c) entering into repo and reverse repo transactions 
in the Borsa İstanbul repo market and (d) holding Turkish Lira- denominated deposits with Turkish banks; provided, in each 
case, that: (i) the foreign financial institution may only invest in Turkish Lira denominated securities with the Turkish Lira 
received as a result of such transactions, and must deposit any excess Turkish Lira liquidity into accounts held with Turkish 
financial institutions, and (ii) the relevant foreign financial institution must give an undertaking to its Turkish counterpart 
with respect to the intended use of Turkish Lira proceeds and obtain the BRSA’s prior approval in this respect. On 
30 November 2020, the BRSA further exempted from this calculation overdraft facilities extended to foreign financial 
institutions. This new measure aims to increase the efficient use of Turkish Lira resources and is expected to be effective until 
the extraordinary conditions that exist due to the COVID-19 pandemic have ceased. 
On 20 June 2020, the Central Bank announced the temporary suspension (until 25 December 2020) of its 
9 December 2019 rule on having adjusted real loan growth rate lower than 15% for banks with an annual real loan growth 
rate higher than 15% in order for such banks to able to benefit from certain reserve requirement incentives. This change 
primarily focused on the increased loan demand of both corporates and individuals, whose cash flows are impacted by the 
COVID-19 pandemic, while aiming to provide banks with flexibility in meeting such loan demand. This rule was then 
permanently repealed on 27 November 2020 as noted in “-Liquidity and Reserve Requirements” above.

--- Page 224 ---
205 
FORM OF THE NOTES
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form (with or without interest coupons attached) or registered form 
(without interest coupons attached), in each case either as Global Notes or Definitive Notes. Bearer Notes may (subject to 
certain limited exceptions) be issued only in “offshore transactions” to Persons who are not U.S. persons in reliance upon 
Regulation S and Registered Notes may be issued in “offshore transactions” to Persons who are not U.S. persons in reliance 
upon Regulation S, to Dealers for resale to QIBs in reliance upon Rule 144A or otherwise in transactions that are exempt 
from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global note (a “Temporary Bearer 
Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a “Permanent Bearer Global Note” 
and, with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a “Bearer Global Note”), which, in either case, will: 
(a) if such Bearer Global Notes are issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original Issue Date of such Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and 
(b) if such Bearer Global Notes are not issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original Issue 
Date of such Tranche to a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and on all interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections of the Code referred to above provide that United States investors, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons with respect thereto and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Bearer Notes or interest 
coupons. 
Beneficial interests in Notes that are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
NGN Form. Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner that would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility (though, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche in NGN form 
do not comply with certain of the conditions of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria so as to be recognised by the ECB as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem eligibility). Any indication that a Bearer Global Note is to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Temporary Bearer Global Notes. Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, 
payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of such Note due prior to the applicable 
Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of such Temporary Bearer Global Note if such 
Temporary Bearer Global Note is not issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to 
the effect that the owners of beneficial interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or Persons who 
have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has/have given a like certification 
(based upon the certifications it has received) to the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 225 ---
206 
For any Temporary Bearer Global Note, after the date (the “Exchange Date”) that begins immediately upon the 
expiration of a 40 day period after the later of the commencement of the offering of the applicable Tranche and such 
Tranche’s Issue Date, beneficial interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon 
a request as described therein either for: (a) beneficial interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (b) 
Definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons attached (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such 
certification has already been given; provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to 
receive Definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not be 
entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the applicable Exchange Date unless, 
upon due certification, exchange of such Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or 
for Definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Permanent Bearer Global Notes. Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent 
Bearer Global Note will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation or surrender (as 
the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note (if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification in the manner described in the previous paragraph. 
Exchange from Permanent Bearer Global Notes to Definitive Bearer Notes. The applicable Final Terms of a 
Tranche of Permanent Bearer Global Notes will specify that such Permanent Bearer Global Notes will be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons attached only 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that: (a) an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing with respect to the applicable Series, (b) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, whether statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done 
so and no successor clearing system is available or (c) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences that 
would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the applicable Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form and, 
accordingly, the Issuer has elected to request the exchange of such Permanent Bearer Global Note. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to the applicable Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event described in clause (a) or (b) of the 
definition of Exchange Event in the preceding paragraph, the applicable Clearing System(s) (or any Person acting on their 
respective behalf), acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in the applicable Permanent Bearer Global Note, 
may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting such an exchange. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described in clause (c) of such definition, the Issuer may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting such an exchange. Any 
such exchange will occur no later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant such notice by the Fiscal Agent. 
Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depositary or other 
institution for the purposes of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian law of 
14 December 2005. 
Registered Notes 
The portion of the Registered Notes (or beneficial interests therein) of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance 
upon Regulation S in offshore transactions to Persons other than U.S. persons will initially be represented by a global note in 
registered form (each a “Regulation S Registered Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, by a 
registered note in definitive form (a “Definitive Regulation S Registered Note” and, with each Regulation S Registered Global 
Note, a “Regulation S Registered Note;” the Bearer Notes and Regulation S Registered Notes being, collectively, the 
“Regulation S Notes”). Prior to expiration of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to a 
Tranche of Regulation S Registered Notes, a Regulation S Registered Note (or beneficial interests therein) of such Tranche 
may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person and such Regulation S Registered Note will be 
subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear the applicable restrictive legend described in “Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions.” 
The portion of the Registered Notes (or beneficial interests therein) of each Tranche offered and sold in the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons may only be offered and sold by the Issuer or any Person acting on

--- Page 226 ---
207 
its behalf: (a) to Institutional Accredited Investors who execute and deliver to the Issuer an IAI Investment Letter in which 
they agree to purchase such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) for their own account and not with a view to the 
distribution thereof, (b) to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or (c) in transactions that are otherwise exempt from, or not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional Accredited 
Investors as described in clause (a) will be represented by one or more global note(s) in registered form (each an “IAI Global 
Note”) or in definitive form (each an “IAI Definitive Note” and, with the IAI Global Notes, the “IAI Notes”) and the 
Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs as described in clause (b) will be represented by one or more global note(s) in 
registered form (each a “Rule 144A Global Note” and, with the Regulation S Registered Global Notes and the IAI Global 
Notes, each a “Registered Global Note”). 
Registered Global Notes will either be: (a) deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of, DTC or (b) deposited with: (i) a Common Depositary or (ii) if the Registered Global Notes are to be held under the “new 
safekeeping structure” for registered global securities that are intended to constitute eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy operations (the “NSS”), a Common Safekeeper, in each case, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
and will be registered in the name of a nominee of that Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, 
under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of Definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are to be held under the NSS, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner that would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility (though, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any 
Tranche to be held under the NSS do not comply with certain conditions of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria so as to be 
recognised by the ECB as eligible collateral for Eurosystem eligibility). Any indication that a Registered Global Note is to be 
so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their 
life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for 
Registered Global Notes to be held under the NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Notes of each Tranche sold by the Issuer to U.S. persons who are Institutional Accredited Investors (other than 
through one or more Dealer(s) under Rule 144A) will be Registered Notes in either definitive form (i.e., IAI Definitive 
Notes) or global form (i.e., IAI Global Notes). Unless otherwise set forth in the applicable Final Terms, IAI Notes will be 
issued only in minimum denominations of US$500,000 and integral multiples of US$1,000 in excess thereof (or its 
approximate equivalent in the applicable other Specified Currency at the time of issuance). IAI Notes will be subject to the 
restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear the restrictive legend described in “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
The Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of a Registered Note will, in the absence of provision 
to the contrary, be made in the manner provided in Condition 7 to the Person shown on the Register as the registered holder 
of such Registered Note as of the relevant Record Date. None of the Issuer or any Agent (including the Registrar) will have 
any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial 
ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes (including any payments pursuant to Conditions 7.8 and 7.9) or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Exchange from Registered Global Notes to Definitive Registered Notes. The applicable Final Terms of a Tranche of 
Registered Global Notes will specify that such Registered Global Notes will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but 
(except with respect to clause (a) of the definition of Exchange Event in the next sentence) not in part, for Definitive 
Registered Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that: (a) an 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to the applicable Series, (b) if the applicable Registered Global 
Note is registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to 
continue to act as a depository for such Notes and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute 
a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and no alternative clearing system is available, (c) if the applicable

--- Page 227 ---
208 
Registered Global Note is registered in the name of a nominee for a Common Depositary or, as the case may be, Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
whether statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system is available, or (d) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences that would 
not be suffered were the Notes represented by the applicable Registered Global Note in definitive form and, accordingly, the 
Issuer has elected to request the exchange of such Registered Global Note. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to the applicable Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. In the event of the occurrence of any Exchange Event described in clause (a), (b) or (c) of 
the definition thereof in the preceding paragraph, the applicable Clearing System(s) (or any Person acting on their respective 
behalf), acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in the applicable Registered Global Note, may give notice to 
the Registrar requesting such an exchange. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event specified in clause (d) of 
such definition, the Issuer may give notice to the Registrar requesting such an exchange. Any such exchange will occur no 
later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant such notice by the Registrar. In addition, as set out in the 
preceding paragraph with respect to clause (a) of the definition of Exchange Event therein, a holder of an interest in the 
applicable Registered Global Note credited to such holder’s account with the applicable Clearing System may request that the 
Registrar deliver, on behalf of the Issuer, to such Clearing System, Definitive Registered Notes in exchange for such holder’s 
interest in such Registered Global Note in accordance with the standard operating procedures of such Clearing System. 
Transfer of Interests. Beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable 
restrictions, be transferred to a Person who wishes to hold: (a) such interest in another Registered Global Note other than an 
IAI Global Note or (b) upon the delivery of an IAI Investment Letter, an IAI Note (including an interest in an IAI Global 
Note). IAI Definitive Notes may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions and if there is a Registered Global 
Note for the applicable Series, be transferred to a Person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in such 
Registered Global Note; provided that if such Registered Global Note is an IAI Global Note, then such transferee shall have 
delivered an IAI Investment Letter. No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer 
such interest except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each 
case to the extent applicable. The Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a 
legend regarding such restrictions (see “Transfer and Selling Restrictions”).
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Fiscal Agent will arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued 
that is intended to be consolidated with, and form a single Series with, an existing Tranche of Notes on a date after the Issue 
Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche will (to the extent applicable) be assigned an ISIN, Common 
Code, CUSIP, CINS, CFI Code and/or FISN number that are different from the ISIN, Common Code, CUSIP, CINS, CFI 
Code and/or FISN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as such Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiration of any applicable distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such further Tranche. 
Repayment of the principal of a Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in 
Condition 11. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and such Global Note (or any part 
thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of the applicable Series and payment in full of the 
amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of such Global Note, then, from 8:00 p.m. (London time) 
on the day immediately following the applicable due date, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts 
with a Clearing System will, on the basis of statements of account provided by such Clearing System, become entitled to 
proceed directly against the Issuer on and subject to the terms of the Deed of Covenant. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer or investor that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event (for any listed issuance) a new prospectus or a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available that will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such 
Notes.

--- Page 228 ---
209 
FORM OF APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms that, subject (for any transaction not listed on the Regulated Market) to any 
necessary amendment, will be completed for each Tranche of Notes. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form 
part of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to (and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any EEA Retail Investor in the European Economic Area (the 
“EEA”). For these purposes: (a) “EEA Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”), (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) No. 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 
(as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”), and (b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by 
any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] to be offered so 
as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for such Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)]. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] or otherwise making them available to EEA Retail Investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] or otherwise making them 
available to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA might be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to (and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any UK Retail Investor in the United Kingdom. For these 
purposes: (a) a “UK Retail Investor” means: (i) a client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 
as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (the 
“EUWA”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”), of 
the United Kingdom and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) No. 2016/97 (as 
amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 (as amended) as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA, and (b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for such Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)]. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] or 
otherwise making them available to UK Retail Investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and, therefore, offering or 
selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] or otherwise making them available to any UK Retail Investor in the 
United Kingdom might be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [each][the] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”)][MiFID II], and (b) all channels for distribution of the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any Person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
[(or beneficial interests therein)] (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s][s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
1
Only applicable where paragraph 8(f)(i) of Part B of the Final Terms is marked as “Applicable.” 
2
Only applicable where paragraph 8(f)(ii) of Part B of the Final Terms is marked as “Applicable.”

--- Page 229 ---
210 
respect of the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s][s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [each][the] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] is 
only eligible counterparties (as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook) and professional clients (as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (“UK MiFIR”)), and (b) all channels for distribution of the Notes [(and 
beneficial interests therein)] to such eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any Person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s][s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s][s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF 
SINGAPORE (AS AMENDED, THE “SFA”) 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes [(and beneficial 
interests therein)] to be capital markets products other than: (a) “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and (b) “Excluded Investment Products” (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]5
FINAL TERMS 
[Date] 
TÜRKİYE CUMHURİYETİ ZİRAAT BANKASI A.Ş. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 213800K5KTZFSUS8MR51 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the “Notes”) 
under the US$7,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 5 May 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]], 
3
Delete where: (a) none of the Managers/Dealers are MiFID II investment firms that are manufacturers pursuant to MiFID II for the purposes of the 
offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes, or revise where the relevant manufacturers have determined that an alternative target market is appropriate 
for the offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes (or beneficial interests therein), or (b) this matter is already addressed in the issue-specific prospectus 
for the issue of Notes. If this paragraph is included but the paragraph regarding the PRIIPS Regulation is not included, then include the definition of 
MiFID II in this paragraph.
4
Delete where: (a) none of the Managers/Dealers are UK MiFIR investment firms that are manufacturers pursuant to UK MiFIR for the purposes of the 
offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes, or revise where the relevant manufacturers have determined that an alternative target market is appropriate 
for the offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes (or beneficial interests therein), or (b) this matter is already addressed in the issue-specific prospectus 
for the issue of Notes.
5
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes (and, if applicable, beneficial interests therein): (a) do not constitute prescribed capital 
markets products as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018 and (b) will be offered in Singapore.

--- Page 230 ---
211 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus [for the purposes of the [Prospectus Regulation][(Regulation (EU) 
No. 2017/1129) (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”)]]6 (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]4 and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]7 [has/have] 
been published on the Issuer’s website ([insert website address]) [and these Final Terms have been [made available in printed 
form at the registered address of the Issuer at [insert address][, at the offices of [insert the name of the financial 
intermediar(ies)] at [insert address] [and [insert address], respectively] and at the offices of the Fiscal Agent at [insert 
address]]/[published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin]. 
[The following alternative language for the preceding paragraph applies if the first Tranche of Notes of a Series 
that is being increased was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.]
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [date of the relevant previous base prospectus] [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] that [is][are] incorporated by reference into the base prospectus dated [date of 
the current base prospectus]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of 
the [Prospectus Regulation][(Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129) (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”)]]4 and must be 
read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 5 May 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]], which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]4 (the “Base Prospectus”), including 
the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base 
Prospectus [and these Final Terms]5 [has/have] been published on the Issuer’s website ([insert website address]) [and these 
Final Terms have been [made available in printed form at the registered address of the Issuer at [insert address][, at the 
offices of [insert the name of the financial intermediar(ies)] at [insert address] [and [insert address], respectively] and at the 
offices of the Fiscal Agent at [insert address]]/[published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable.” Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the 
paragraphs that are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, then their minimum denomination 
must be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Türkiye Cumhuriyeti Ziraat Bankası A.Ş. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●]
(b) 
Tranche Number:  
[●]
(c) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Bearer Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 23 
below, which is expected to occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
6
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances in which a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.
7
The Final Terms should be published in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation for Notes to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area.

--- Page 231 ---
212 
4. 
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount 
immediately after issuance of 
this Tranche: 
(a) 
Series: 
[●]
(b) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Tranche [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified 
Denomination(s): 
[●][ and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof] 
(NB: Notes must have a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent).) 
(Note – for Notes in bearer form, where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used, the following sample wording should be 
followed:
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”)
(NB: Where a Temporary Bearer Global Note or a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note is, in each case, exchangeable for Definitive Notes, Definitive Notes must 
only be issued with a denomination equal to, or greater than, €100,000 (or 
equivalent) and integral multiples thereof.)
(b) 
Calculation Amount [for 
Definitive 
Notes 
(in 
relation to the calculation 
of interest for Global 
Notes, 
see 
the 
Conditions)]: 
[●] (the “Calculation Amount”) 
(If only one Specified Denomination, then insert the Specified Denomination. If 
more than one Specified Denomination, insert the highest common factor. Note: 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify][Issue Date][Not Applicable] 
(NB: An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for certain Notes, for 
example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
(c) 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
(NB: Trade Date is included as a mandatory settlement field required by the 
International Central Securities Depositaries [(the “ICSDs”)].)
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest Payment Date [falling 
in][nearest to][specify month and year]]8
8
For Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes and Modified Fixed Rate Notes where Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment, it 
will be necessary to use the second option here.

--- Page 232 ---
213 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. per annum Fixed Rate] 
[[SONIA - Compounded Daily SONIA][SONIA - Compounded Index 
Rate][SOFR Index Rate][Compounded SOFR with Lookback][Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift][Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay] 
[[●] [month] [[currency] LIBOR]/EURIBOR/TLREF/TRLIBOR/ROBOR/ 
PRIBOR/HIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/WIBOR/CNH HIBOR/KLIBOR/TIBOR]] 
+/- [●] per cent. per annum Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see further particulars in paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. 
 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [●] per cent. of their nominal amount 
11. 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date up to (but 
excluding) [●], paragraph [14/15] below applies, and, for the period from (and 
including) [●] up to (and including) the Maturity Date, paragraph [14/15] below 
applies][Not Applicable] 
12. 
 
Put/Call Options:  
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(see further particulars in paragraph [18/19/20] below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(b) 
Date Board approval for 
issuance 
of 
Notes 
obtained: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(NB: Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular Tranche of Notes.) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on [the/each] Interest Payment Date 
(the “Rate of Interest”)

--- Page 233 ---
214 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date/[specify other]9
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons. In the case of Modified 
Fixed Rate Notes, insert regular interest payment dates and also complete 
paragraph (g) below as applicable. Paragraph (g) is not relevant to Fixed Rate 
Notes where Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are not subject to adjustment 
and either: (i) a customary Following Business Day Convention is to apply in 
accordance with Condition 7.6 to any date for payment that is not a Payment 
Business Day or (ii) such payment dates are not otherwise to be subject to 
adjustment by reference to any other Business Day Convention.)
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) 
[for Definitive Notes (in 
relation to Global Notes, 
see the Conditions)]:  
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only to Notes initially issued in definitive form. Not applicable to 
Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes and Modified Fixed Rate Notes where 
Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment.)
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) [for 
Definitive 
Notes 
(in 
relation to Global Notes, 
see the Conditions)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [●]][Not Applicable]
(Applicable only to Notes initially issued in definitive form. Not applicable to 
Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes and Modified Fixed Rate Notes where 
Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment.)
9
For certain Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes, Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment and the following proviso 
should be added: “; provided that if any Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.”

--- Page 234 ---
215 
(e) 
[Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)][Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]]10
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Modified Fixed Rate Notes.) 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year][Not Applicable]] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a 
case, insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date 
in the case of a long or short first or last coupon.)
(g) 
Modified 
Fixed 
Rate 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Modified Fixed Rate Notes are Fixed Rate Notes: (i) the terms of which provide 
for Interest Periods and Interest Amounts to be subject to adjustment or (ii) for 
which Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are not subject to adjustment but a 
specified Payment Business Day Convention is to apply to any date for payment 
that is not a Payment Business Day. If not applicable, then delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(i) 
Interest Periods 
and 
Interest 
Amounts subject 
to adjustment: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
(ii) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified Following Business Day 
Convention][Preceding Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are subject to 
adjustment.) 
(iii) 
Specified 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are subject to 
adjustment. This paragraph relates to Interest Period end dates and not the date 
of payment, to which sub-paragraph (vi) below relates.)
(iv) 
Day Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
(v) 
Payment 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified Following Business Day 
Convention][Preceding Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are not subject to 
adjustment and a specified Payment Business Day Convention is to apply to any 
10
Applicable to Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 235 ---
216 
date for payment that is not a Payment Business Day.) 
(vi) 
Specified 
Financial 
Centre(s): 
[●][Not Applicable]
(Only applicable if a Payment Business Day Convention is specified in sub-
paragraph 14(g)(v). Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment and 
not Interest Period end dates, to which sub-paragraph (iii) above relates.)
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●][, not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in sub-
paragraph (b) below is specified to be Not Applicable]
(Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest Payment Dates may not be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention in the case of 
Modified Floating Rate Notes. In these circumstances only, paragraph (m) below 
will be applicable.) 
(b) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention][Following Business Day Convention][Modified 
Following Business Day Convention][Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable]11
(Complete unless paragraph (m) below is applicable. See note to paragraph (a) 
above for guidance.) 
(c) 
Specified 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[●][Not Applicable]12
(Note that this paragraph relates to Interest Period end dates and not the date of 
payment, to which paragraph 24 relates. Complete unless paragraph (m) below 
is applicable. See note to paragraph (a) above for guidance.) 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate 
of Interest and Interest 
Amount 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[● (the “Calculation Agent”)][Not Applicable] 
11
Only not applicable in the case of Modified Floating Rate Notes.
12
Only not applicable in the case of Modified Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 236 ---
217 
(f) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
● 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA][SOFR Index Rate][Compounded SOFR with Lookback][Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift][Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay] 
[[●] month [[currency] LIBOR]/EURIBOR/TLREF/TRLIBOR/ROBOR/ 
PRIBOR/HIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/WIBOR/CNH HIBOR/KLIBOR/TIBOR] 
● 
Specified Time: 
[●] 
(11:00 a.m. in the case of LIBOR, SONIA, EURIBOR, ROBOR, PRIBOR, SIBOR, 
WIBOR, HIBOR, KLIBOR and TIBOR, 11:15 a.m. in the case of CNH HIBOR, 
4:00 p.m. in the case of TLREF, 11:30 a.m. in the case of TRLIBOR, 12:00 noon 
in the case of NIBOR and 3:00 p.m. (New York time) in the case of SOFR.) 
● 
Relevant 
Financial Centre: 
[London][Brussels][İstanbul][New York City][Bucharest][Prague][Hong Kong] 
[Singapore][Oslo][Warsaw][Kuala Lumpur][Tokyo][●][Not Applicable] 
(The Relevant Financial Centre will customarily be the principal financial centre 
of the Specified Currency for LIBOR, Brussels for EURIBOR, İstanbul for 
TLREF and TRLIBOR, Bucharest for ROBOR, Prague for PRIBOR, Hong Kong 
for HIBOR and CNH HIBOR, Singapore for SIBOR, Oslo for NIBOR, Warsaw 
for WIBOR, Kuala Lumpur for KLIBOR and Tokyo for TIBOR.)
● 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
(Second London business day prior to the start of each Interest Period if LIBOR 
(other than Sterling or euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if Sterling 
LIBOR, the second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR, the second İstanbul business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period if TLREF or TRLIBOR, the second 
Bucharest business day prior to the start of each Interest Period if ROBOR, the 
second Prague business day prior to the start of each Interest Period if PRIBOR, 
the first day of each Interest Period if HIBOR, the second Singapore business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if SIBOR, the second Oslo business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if NIBOR, the second Warsaw business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period if WIBOR, the second Hong Kong 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period if CNH HIBOR, the first 
day of each Interest Period if KLIBOR, the second Tokyo business day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if TIBOR, the fifth London Banking Day prior to 
the day on which the relevant Interest Period ends (but that by its definition is 
excluded from the Interest Period) if SONIA and where the Calculation Method is 
Compounded Daily SONIA or, in the case of SONIA where the Calculation 
Method is Compounded Index Rate, the Relevant Number specified below, the 
fifth (or such other period as specified in the applicable Final Terms) U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the related Interest Payment Date 
for SOFR Index, Compounded SOFR with Lookback and Compounded SOFR 
with Observation Period Shift and, for Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay, 
the Interest Accrual Period End Date and the end of each Interest Accrual 
Period; provided that the Interest Determination Date with respect to the final 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the Rate Cut-Off Date.)

--- Page 237 ---
218 
● 
Lookback 
Number of U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days: 
[●] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Lookback)
● 
Observation 
Period: 
[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
(The number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first 
date in the Interest Period) (applicable for SOFR Index Rate with Observation 
Period Shift and Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift) 
● 
Interest Accrual 
Period End 
Dates: 
[●] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay)
● 
Interest Accrual 
Period: 
[quarterly][semi-annually][other] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay)
● 
Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
[●] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay)
● 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●]
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, then ensure it is a page 
that shows a composite rate or amend the fallback provisions appropriately.) 
●
Calculation 
Method:
[Compounded Daily SONIA][Compounded Index Rate][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant to Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA) 
● 
Observation 
Method:
[Lag][Shift][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA and apply the 
Calculation Method of Compounded Daily SONIA – see above) 
● 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index: 
[  ][Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, include definition of SONIA Compounded Index specifying any 
Relevant Screen Page and its time of publication and including definition of the 
Relevant Screen Page) (Only relevant to Floating Rate Notes that reference 
SONIA and specify “Not Applicable” under Observation Method above)

--- Page 238 ---
219 
● 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period:
[[●] London Banking Days][Not Applicable]13
(Only relevant to SONIA where Compounded Daily SONIA is specified as the 
Calculation Method)
(NB: A minimum of five London Banking Days should be specified unless 
otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent (or such other Person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest).)
● 
Relevant 
Number: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant to SONIA where the Calculation Method is Compounded Index 
Rate. Note that the Relevant Number defaults to “5” if an alternative number is 
not included in the applicable Final Terms.) 
● 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
Provisions 
Applicable: 
Condition 6.7(II) is [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes referencing USD LIBOR or SOFR. If 
marked as “Not Applicable,” then the provisions of Condition 6.7(I) will apply to 
the Notes. Specify “Not Applicable” for all Floating Rate Notes referencing a 
benchmark other than USD LIBOR or SOFR.) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
● 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[●] 
● 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[●] 
● 
Reset Date: 
[●]
(In the case of a LIBOR- or EURIBOR-based option, the first day of the Interest 
Period.) 
(NB: The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA Determination under the ISDA 
Definitions are reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for LIBOR and/or EURIBOR, which, depending upon market 
circumstances, might not be available at the relevant time.)
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation [and [●] shall be the 
Calculation Agent for these purposes] (specify for each short or long interest 
period and, if the Calculation Agent is to be an entity other than the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 6.2(e), then specify here the name of the Calculation 
Agent)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
13 Only relevant for SONIA Reference Rate

--- Page 239 ---
220 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest:  
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(m) 
Modified Floating Rate 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(i) 
Payment 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified Following Business Day 
Convention][Preceding Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Specified 
Financial 
Centre(s): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17. 
Notice periods for 
Condition 8.2: 
Minimum period: [●] days
Maximum period: [●] days 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(a) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 240 ---
221 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days 
(NB: When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which, in the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
require a minimum of five clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements that may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.) 
19. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●]
(b) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days
(NB: When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which, in the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
require a minimum of 15 clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements that may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.)
20. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 241 ---
222 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days
(NB: When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements that 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or, in the 
case of Registered Notes, the Registrar.) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
22. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
taxation reasons or on event of 
default: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
23. 
(a) 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note that is exchangeable for Definitive Notes only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event] 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on and after 
the Exchange Date] 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event] 
[Definitive Bearer Notes] 
[Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered: (i) in Belgium, except to a 
clearing system, a depositary or other institution for the purpose of their 
immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 December 
2005, or (ii) in the United States of America.]] 
(NB: The option for an issue of Notes to be represented on issue by a Temporary 
Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be expressed to 
be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples 
of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].”)
[Registered Notes: 
[Regulation S Registered Global Note(s) registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC][a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg][a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable 
for Definitive Registered Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event] 
[Rule 144A Global Note(s) registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC][a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg][a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for 
Definitive Registered Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event]

--- Page 242 ---
223 
[Definitive Regulation S Registered Notes]
[Rule 144A Definitive Registered Notes]
[IAI Definitive Notes]
[IAI Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC][a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg][a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for Definitive 
Registered Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event]]
(NB: In the case of an issue with more than one Global Note or a combination of 
one or more Bearer Global Note(s) and IAI Definitive Note(s), specify the 
nominal amounts of each Global Note and, if applicable, the aggregate nominal 
amount of all IAI Definitive Notes if such information is available.)
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]
24. 
Specified Financial Centre(s): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment and not the end dates of 
Interest Periods for the purpose of calculating the Interest Amount, to which sub-
paragraph 15(c) relates. Delete this paragraph if sub-paragraphs 14(g)(vi) or 
15(m)(ii) are completed.) 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
(Relevant to Definitive Bearer 
Notes only) 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, Talons may be required 
if, on exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made.][No] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO TURKISH LIRA NOTES
26. 
USD Payment Election: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable for Notes the Specified Currency of which is Turkish Lira.) 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO RMB NOTES
27. 
RMB Currency Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(a) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Spot Rate: 
[[●] (the “Calculation Agent”)] 
(b) 
RMB Settlement 
Centre(s): 
[●][Not Applicable]

--- Page 243 ---
224 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
The description[s of the ratings in sub-paragraph 2 of Part B of these Final Terms] [and] [other relevant third party 
information] [has/have] been extracted from [the websites of [name(s) of rating agency(ies)] [and] [specify source]. The 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [name(s) of rating agency(ies)] [and] [specify source], no facts have been omitted that would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of 
Türkiye Cumhuriyeti Ziraat Bankası A.Ş.: 
By: ............................................................. 
Duly authorised 
By: ..................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 244 ---
225 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the official list and to trading on 
the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [●][; however, no assurance can be given that 
such application will be accepted].][Not Applicable] 
(When documenting an issue of Notes that is to be consolidated and to 
form a single Series with a previous listed issue, it should be indicated 
here that the original Notes are already listed and admitted to trading.)
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●]
2. 
RATINGS 
Initial ratings: 
[The Notes [have been][are expected to be] initially rated [●] by [●] [and 
[●] by [●]].][The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of 
this type issued under the Programme generally: [●] by [●] [and [●] by 
[●]].][Not Applicable]
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the 
type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the Notes to 
be issued have been specifically rated, that rating.) 
(The below additional disclosure in respect of the relevant credit rating 
agency(ies) is only required in Final Terms for Notes that are to be 
admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market.) 
[Need to include here a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
[Each of [insert legal name of credit rating agency(ies)] is established in 
the [European Union/United Kingdom] and is registered under 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009[ as it forms part of United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the “CRA Regulation”)].]
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is established in the 
[European Union/United Kingdom] and is not registered under 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009[ as it forms part of United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the “CRA Regulation”)].]
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not established in the 
[European Union][ or][ the United Kingdom] but the rating it has given 
to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the [European Union][ and ][United Kingdom] 
and is registered under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009[ as it forms part 
of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the “CRA 
Regulation”)].]
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union or the United Kingdom but is certified under

--- Page 245 ---
226 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009[ as it forms part of United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the “CRA Regulation”)].]
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union or the United Kingdom and is not certified under 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009[ as it forms part of United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the “CRA Regulation”) and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union or the United Kingdom and registered 
under the CRA Regulation.]
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Except for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no Person involved in the issue of the Notes has any interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material 
to the offer of the Notes. The [Managers/Dealers] and/or [its/their] [respective] affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. - Amend as appropriate if there are 
other interests]. 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)
Indication of yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
The yield is calculated as of the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. 
It is not an indication of future yield. 
5. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only)
Details of historic [SONIA][SOFR][[[currency] LIBOR]/EURIBOR/TLREF/TRLIBOR/ROBOR/PRIBOR/ 
HIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/WIBOR/CNH HIBOR/KLIBOR/TIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters] at [●]. 
6. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION (Floating Rate Notes only)14
The below is provided in connection with the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) of 
8 June 2016 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). 
(a) 
Name 
of 
“benchmark 
administrator” as described in 
the Benchmarks Regulation: 
[SONIA/SOFR/LIBOR/EURIBOR/TLREF/TRLIBOR/ROBOR/PRIBOR/ 
HIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/WIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR/KLIBOR/TIBOR] 
is 
provided by [administrator legal name] 
(b) 
Such 
“benchmark 
administrator” appears on the 
register 
of 
administrators 
maintained 
pursuant 
to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation: 
[As of the date hereof, [administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not 
appear] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply such that such benchmark administrator is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside of the European 
14 Include this Item 6 only for Final Terms for Floating Rate Notes admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market.

--- Page 246 ---
227 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).][As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the [Bank of England][Federal Reserve Bank of New York] as 
benchmark administrator of [SONIA][SOFR] does not fall within the 
scope of the Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that 
regulation and is not required to appear on the register of administrators 
maintained pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.]][Not 
Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(a) 
ISIN: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
CUSIP: 
[●][Not Applicable]
(d) 
CINS: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
CFI Code: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN][Not Applicable][Not Available] 
(f) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN][Not Applicable][Not Available] 
(If the CFI Code and/or FISN is not required or requested as of the 
completion of the Final Terms, then it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable,” but if it/they is/are not available as of the completion of the 
Final Terms, then it/they should be specified to be “Not Available.”)
(g) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Depository 
Trust 
Company, 
Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable][give name(s) and number(s)] 
(h) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(i) 
Name(s) and address(es) of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Deemed delivery of clearing 
system notices for the purposes 
of Condition 15: 
[Any notice delivered to Noteholders of Notes held through a clearing 
system will be deemed to have been given on the [first/second] [business] 
day after the day on which it was given to the relevant clearing 
system.][Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner 
that 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the International Central 
Securities Depositaries[ (the “ICSDs”)] as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as

--- Page 247 ---
228 
common safekeeper)] [include this text for Registered Notes that are to 
be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of these Final 
Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future 
such that the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the International Central Securities Depositaries[ 
(the “ICSDs”)] as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] [include 
this text for Registered Notes that are to be held under the NSS]. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable][give name(s)] 
(c) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable][give name(s)] 
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable][give name] 
(e) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2][Rule 144A][Section 4(a)(2)] [Rules 
identical to those provided in [TEFRA C][TEFRA D] applicable] 
[TEFRA not applicable] 
(f) 
(i) 
Prohibition of sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products pursuant to 
the PRIIPS Regulation, then “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes might constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared, then “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(ii) Prohibition of sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products pursuant to 
the UK PRIIPS Regulation, then “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes might constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared, then “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(g) 
Prohibition of sales to Belgian 
consumers: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(NB: advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before disapplying this

--- Page 248 ---
229 
selling restriction.) 
9. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes[, the estimated amount of 
which net proceeds is [●],]15, will [(or, as of the Issue Date, are intended 
to)] be applied by the Issuer for [Eligible Green Loans][ and/or ][Eligible 
Social Loans] (in accordance with the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance 
Framework) and such Notes will therefore be [Sustainable Notes - [Green 
Bonds][Social Bonds][Sustainability Bonds]]][its general corporate 
purposes][●]. 
[See “Use of Proceeds” and “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the 
Structure of the Notes - Sustainable Notes” in the Base Prospectus.] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus. If the reason for the 
offer is different from Sustainable Notes or general corporate purposes, 
then such specific reason will need to be included here.) 
15 Include only for Final Terms for Notes admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market.

--- Page 249 ---
230 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that, unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) at the time of issue, will be incorporated by reference into, or be attached to, each 
Global Note and Definitive Note (each as defined below), in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange 
or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) at the time of issue but, 
if not so permitted and agreed, such Definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and 
Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
Global Note and Definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Form of Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the 
content of the Final Terms, which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Türkiye Cumhuriyeti Ziraat Bankası A.Ş. (the 
“Issuer”) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References to “Notes” in these Terms and Conditions (these “Conditions”) shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be references to the Notes of this Series and mean: (a) in relation to any Notes represented by a global note (a 
“Global Note”), such Global Note or any nominal amount thereof of a Specified Denomination, whether such Global Note is 
in bearer form (a “Global Bearer Note”) or registered form (a “Registered Global Note”), and (b) in relation to any definitive 
Notes in bearer form (the “Definitive Bearer Notes” and, with Global Bearer Notes, the “Bearer Notes”) or registered form 
(the “Definitive Registered Notes” and, with Definitive Bearer Notes, the “Definitive Notes”) (Definitive Registered Notes 
and Registered Global Notes being collectively the “Registered Notes”), such definitive Notes in bearer or, as the case may 
be, registered form. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 
5 May 2021 (such agreement as further amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) 
and made among the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as fiscal agent and exchange agent (the “Fiscal 
Agent” and the “Exchange Agent,” which expressions shall, respectively, include any successor fiscal agent and exchange 
agent) and the other paying agents named therein (with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents,” which expression shall include 
any additional or successor paying agents), The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch, as transfer agent (with the 
Registrar (as defined below), the “Transfer Agents,” which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer 
agents), and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, as registrar (the “Registrar,” which expression 
shall include any successor registrar). 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will also appoint a calculation agent with respect to a Series 
of Notes (the “Calculation Agent,” which expression shall include any successor calculation agent and any other calculation 
agent specified in such Final Terms). 
Interest-bearing Definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”). In addition, interest-bearing Definitive 
Bearer Notes that, when issued, have more than 27 interest payments remaining have talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a 
reference to Talons. Registered Notes and Bearer Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached to 
or endorsed on this Note and complete these Conditions. References to the “applicable Final Terms” are, unless otherwise 
stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Any reference to a “Noteholder” or “holder” in relation to a Note means: (a) in the case of a Bearer Note, the holder 
of such Note, and (b) in the case of a Registered Note, the Person(s) in whose name such Note is registered in the Register (as 
defined below), and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any 
reference herein to a “Couponholder” means the holder of a Coupon and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include 
the holder of the related Talon(s).

--- Page 250 ---
231 
As used herein, “Tranche” means an issue of Notes using the same Final Terms and that are identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading); provided that such may have different principal amounts, holder(s), serial 
numbers and (if applicable) securities codes, and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any other Tranche(s) of 
Notes: (a) that are expressed in the applicable Final Terms to be consolidated and form a single series with one or more 
previous Tranche(s) and (b) the terms and conditions of which are identical in all respects except for their respective issue 
dates (each an “Issue Date”), Tranche number, date of consolidation with one or more other Tranche(s), principal amounts, 
Interest Commencement Dates (unless this is a Zero Coupon Note) and Issue Prices, each as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 5 May 2021 and 
made by the Issuer (such deed as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”). The 
original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, a deed poll dated 5 May 2021 and made by the Issuer (such deed poll as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed Poll”), the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms of 
the applicable Tranche of Notes may be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Fiscal 
Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent and the other Transfer Agents (such agents being together 
referred to as the “Agents”) by any Noteholder or Couponholder that produces evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes or Coupons, as applicable, and identity. The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, 
the Deed Poll, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms. The statements in these Conditions include summaries 
of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same 
meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, 
in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms 
shall prevail. 
In these Conditions: (a) “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, and (b) “Renminbi” and 
“RMB” refer to the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), which (for the purposes of these 
Conditions) excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macao Special Administration Region 
of the PRC and Taiwan. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the term “law” shall (unless the context otherwise requires) be deemed to 
include legislation, regulations and other legal requirements. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes are either Bearer Notes or Registered Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be numbered 
serially with an identifying number that the Issuer will procure to be recorded on the relevant Note and, in the case 
of Registered Notes, in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar outside of the 
United Kingdom (the “Register”) and shall be in the Specified Currency and Specified Denomination, in each case, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to the Turkish Commercial Code (Law No. 6102), the Capital Markets Law (Law 
No. 6362) of the Republic of Turkey (“Turkey”) and the Communiqué on Debt Instruments No. VII-128.8 issued by 
the Turkish Capital Markets Board (in Turkish: Sermaye Piyasası Kurulu) (the “CMB”). 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the “Interest Basis” specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 251 ---
232 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached unless they are Zero Coupon Notes, in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. 
1.2 
Title to the Notes 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the Registered 
Notes will pass upon registration of transfer in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer 
and each of the Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not any payment 
in respect of such Note is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest or any 
writing on, or the theft or loss of, such Note) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice 
to the provisions set out in the following paragraphs of this Condition 1.2. 
For so long as Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or its nominee is the registered holder of a Registered Global 
Note, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner and holder of the Notes 
represented by such Registered Global Note for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and such Notes except to 
the extent that in accordance with DTC’s published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by 
its participants or beneficial owners through DTC’s participants. The expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of 
Notes” and related expressions shall, for the purposes of any such Registered Global Note, be construed accordingly. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note deposited with and, in the case of a Registered 
Global Note, registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary or a common safekeeper, as the case 
may be, for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each Person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any such nominee, common depositary or common safekeeper) who is for the time being shown in 
the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular principal 
amount of such Global Note (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, as to the principal amount of such Global Note standing to the account of any 
Person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes except in the case of manifest or proven error) shall, upon 
receipt of such certificate or other document by the Issuer or an Agent, be treated by the Issuer or such Agent (as 
applicable) as if such Person were the holder of such principal amount of such Notes (and the bearer or registered 
holder of such Global Note shall be deemed not to be the holder) for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal, interest or other amounts on such Global Note, for which purpose the bearer of such Bearer 
Global Note or the registered holder of such Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and each Agent as 
the holder of such principal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of such Global Note; 
it being understood that, with respect to any beneficial interests held by or on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg in a Registered Global Note held by DTC or a nominee thereof, the rules of the preceding 
paragraph shall apply. The expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall, for the 
purposes of any Global Note described in this paragraph, be construed accordingly. 
Notes that are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for 
the time being of the applicable clearing system. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of Interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and (in turn) by direct and (if appropriate) indirect participants in such clearing 
systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such beneficial interests. A beneficial interest in a 
Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be 
transferable for a Definitive Note of the same Series or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of 
the same Series, in each case, only in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms (and 
provided that the aggregate outstanding principal balance of such beneficial interest of the transferor not so 
transferred is an amount of at least the Specified Denomination) and only in accordance with the then-applicable 
rules and operating procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in 
accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement, the relevant Registered Global Note

--- Page 252 ---
233 
and/or the applicable Final Terms. Transfers of a Registered Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of 
DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor’s nominee. 
2.2 
Transfers of Definitive Registered Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2.4, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency 
Agreement, a Definitive Registered Note may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denomination(s) 
set out in the applicable Final Terms) (and provided that, if transferred in part, the aggregate outstanding principal 
balance of such Definitive Registered Note not so transferred is an amount of at least the Specified Denomination).
In order to effect any such transfer: (a) the holder(s) must: (i) surrender such Definitive Registered Note for 
registration of the transfer thereof (or of the relevant part thereof) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with 
the form of transfer thereon duly executed by such holder(s) (or by one or more attorney(s) duly authorised in 
writing therefor), and (ii) complete and deliver such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer 
Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of 
title and the identity of the Person(s) making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such additional 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations 
being set out in the Agency Agreement).
Subject as provided in the preceding paragraph, the relevant Transfer Agent will promptly, and in any event within 
three business days (being for this purpose a day on which commercial banks are open for business in the city where 
the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of its receipt of such a request (or such longer period 
as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws), authenticate (or procure the authentication 
of) and: (x) deliver, or procure the delivery of, at its specified office to the specified transferee or (y) if so requested 
by the specified transferee (and then at the risk of such transferee), send by uninsured mail, to such address as such 
transferee may request, a new Definitive Registered Note of a like aggregate principal amount to the Definitive 
Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Definitive Registered Note) being transferred. 
In the case of the transfer of part only of a Definitive Registered Note, a new Definitive Registered Note in respect 
of the balance of the Definitive Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (if so 
requested by the transferor, and then at the risk of such transferor) sent by uninsured mail, to such transferor’s 
address in the Register, to such transferor. No transfer of a Definitive Registered Note (or a portion thereof) will be 
valid unless and until entered in the Register. 
2.3 
Costs of Registration 
Noteholders will not be charged by the Issuer or any of the Agents for any costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer of Notes in the Register as provided in this Condition 2, except for any costs or expenses of 
delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer and/or any Agent may require the payment 
of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration and/or transfer. 
2.4 
Noteholder Establishment of Clearing of a Definitive Registered Note 
For so long as any Notes of a Series are represented by a Registered Global Note, holders of Definitive Registered 
Notes of the same Series may (to the extent that they have established settlement through DTC, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) exchange such Definitive Registered Notes for interests in the relevant Registered 
Global Note of the same Series at any time. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and Coupons (and claims for payment by the Issuer in respect thereof) are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject as 
provided above) rank and will rank pari passu without any preference or priority among themselves and with all 
other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of

--- Page 253 ---
234 
insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or similar event relating to the Issuer, only to the extent permitted by applicable 
laws relating to creditors’ rights. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note of a Series remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or have outstanding any mortgage, 
charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a “Security Interest”) upon, or with respect to, any of its present 
or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness unless the Issuer, in the case of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in 
any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes are secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably with the 
Relevant Indebtedness, 
(b) 
such Security Interest is terminated, 
(c) 
such other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a Security Interest) is provided for the 
benefit of the Noteholders as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of such Series, 
or 
(d) 
such Security Interest is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of such 
Series. 
Nothing in this Condition 4.1 shall prevent the Issuer from creating or permitting to subsist any Security Interest 
upon, or with respect to, any present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled 
capital) or any part thereof that is created pursuant to: (i) a bond, note or other indebtedness whereby the payment 
obligations are secured by a segregated pool of assets (whether held by the Issuer or any third party guarantor) (any 
such bond, note or other indebtedness, a “Covered Bond”) or (ii) any securitisation of receivables or other payment 
rights, asset-backed financing or similar financing structure (created in accordance with normal market practice) and 
whereby all payment obligations secured by such Security Interest or having the benefit of such Security Interest are 
to be discharged principally from such business, undertaking, assets or revenues (or in the case of Direct Recourse 
Securities, by direct unsecured recourse to the Issuer); provided that the aggregate then-existing balance sheet value 
of receivables or other assets subject to any Security Interest created in respect of: (A) Covered Bonds that are 
Relevant Indebtedness and (B) any other secured Relevant Indebtedness (other than Direct Recourse Securities) of 
the Issuer, when added to the outstanding principal amount of all Direct Recourse Securities that are Relevant 
Indebtedness, does not, at the time of the incurrence thereof, exceed 15% of the consolidated total assets of the 
Issuer (as shown in the most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance 
with the BRSA Principles). 
4.2 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(a) 
“BRSA Principles” means the laws relating to the accounting and financial reporting of banks in Turkey 
(including the “Regulation on Accounting Applications for Banks and Safeguarding of Documents” 
published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006, other regulations on the accounting 
records of banks published by the Banking Regulation and Supervision Board, which is the board of the 
Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency (in Turkish: Bankacılık Düzenleme ve Denetleme Kurumu) 
(the “BRSA”), and circulars and interpretations published by the BRSA) and the requirements of the 
“Turkish Accounting Standards” and “Turkish Financial Reporting Standards” issued by the Public 
Oversight, Accounting and Auditing Standards Authority (in Turkish: Kamu Gözetimi Muhasebe ve 
Denetim Standartları Kurumu) for the matters that are not regulated by such laws,

--- Page 254 ---
235 
(b) 
“Direct Recourse Securities” means securities (other than Covered Bonds) issued in connection with any 
securitisation of receivables or other payment rights, asset-backed financing or similar financing structure 
(created in accordance with normal market practice) and whereby all payment obligations secured by a 
Security Interest or having the benefit of a Security Interest are to be discharged principally from such 
assets or revenues or by direct unsecured recourse to the Issuer, and 
(c) 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means: (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, 
interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or 
other securities that (with the consent of the issuer of the indebtedness) are for the time being quoted, listed 
or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other organised securities market or any 
loan disbursed to the Issuer as a borrower under a loan participation note or similar transaction, where such 
securities or loans have an initial maturity at issue or disbursement in excess of 365 days, and (ii) any 
guarantee or indemnity of any such indebtedness. 
5. 
COVENANTS 
5.1 
Maintenance of Authorisations 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall take all necessary action to maintain, obtain and promptly 
renew, and do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to ensure the continuance of, all consents, 
permissions, licences, approvals and authorisations, and make or cause to be made all registrations, recordings and 
filings, that may at any time be required to be obtained or made in Turkey (including, without limitation, with the 
CMB and the BRSA for: (a) the execution, delivery or performance of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Deed Poll and the Notes or for the validity or enforceability thereof or (b) except to the extent any 
failure to do so does not have a material adverse effect on: (i) the business, financial condition or results of 
operations of the Issuer or (ii) the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes, the conduct by it of the 
Permitted Business. 
5.2 
Transactions with Affiliates 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Material Subsidiaries 
will, in any 12 month period: (a) make any payment to, (b) sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its 
properties, revenues or assets to, (c) purchase any properties, revenues or assets from or (d) enter into or make or 
amend any transaction, contract, agreement, understanding, loan, advance, indemnity or guarantee (whether related 
or not) with, or for the benefit of, any Affiliate (each an “Affiliate Transaction”), which Affiliate Transaction has 
(or, when taken together with any other Affiliate Transactions during such 12 month period, in the aggregate have) a 
value in excess of US$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) unless such Affiliate Transaction (and 
each such other aggregated Affiliate Transaction) is on terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Material Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Issuer or such 
Material Subsidiary with an unrelated Person. 
5.3 
Financial Reporting 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent for distribution to any 
Noteholder upon such Noteholder’s written request to the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
not later than six months after the end of each financial year of the Issuer, English language copies of the 
Issuer’s audited consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements for such financial year, prepared in 
accordance with the BRSA Principles, with the corresponding financial statements for the preceding 
financial year, and all such annual financial statements shall be accompanied by the report of the auditors 
thereon, and 
(b) 
not later than 120 days after the end of the first six months of each financial year of the Issuer, English 
language copies of its unaudited (or, if prepared and published, audited) unconsolidated and (if any) 
consolidated financial statements for such six month period, prepared in accordance with the BRSA

--- Page 255 ---
236 
Principles, with the corresponding financial statements for the corresponding period of the previous 
financial year, and all such interim financial statements shall be accompanied by the report of the auditors 
thereon. 
5.4 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(a) 
“Affiliate” means, in respect of any specified Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or 
controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person, and, in the case of a 
natural person, any immediate family member of such person; for the purposes of this definition, “control,” 
as used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or 
cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting 
securities, by agreement or otherwise, and the terms “controlling,” “controlled by” and “under common 
control with” shall have corresponding meanings, 
(b) 
“Material Subsidiary” means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(i) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary that itself has Subsidiaries) represent 
(or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then 
latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA 
Principles relate, are equal to) not less than 10% of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer, all as 
calculated respectively by reference to the then latest audited financial statements (consolidated or, 
as the case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary prepared in accordance with BRSA 
Principles and the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in 
accordance with BRSA Principles; provided that, in the case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired 
after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles relate, the reference to the 
then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with 
BRSA Principles for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until consolidated financial 
statements prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles for the financial period in which the 
acquisition is made have been prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to 
such first-mentioned accounts as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by reference 
to its then latest relevant audited accounts, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the Issuer, 
(ii) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer that immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary; provided
that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer immediately cease to be a Material 
Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall immediately become a Material Subsidiary pursuant 
to this clause (ii) but shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary on the date on which the consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles for the financial 
period current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited; provided that such 
transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time 
after the date on which such consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with BRSA 
Principles have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of clause (i) or, 
before or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition, or 
(iii) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets that, taken with the undertaking or assets of the 
transferee Subsidiary, represent (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary being acquired after 
the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of 
the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles relate, are equal to) not less than 10% of 
the consolidated total assets of the Issuer (calculated as set out in clause (i)); provided that the 
transferor Subsidiary (if a Material Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer immediately cease to be a 
Material Subsidiary unless, immediately following such transfer, its assets represent (or, in the 
case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10% of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer 
(calculated as set out in clause (i)), and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material

--- Page 256 ---
237 
Subsidiary pursuant to this clause (iii) on the date on which the consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles for the financial period current at the 
date of such transfer have been prepared and audited; provided that such transferor Subsidiary or 
such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which 
such consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles have been 
prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of clause (i) or, prior to or after such 
date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition, 
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement (including with respect to Subsidiaries that do 
not prepare financial statements in accordance with BRSA Principles), 
(c) 
“Permitted Business” means any business that is the same as or related, ancillary or complementary to any 
of the businesses of the Issuer on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of this Series, 
(d) 
“Person” means any individual, company, partnership, association, unincorporated organisation, trust or 
other judicial entity, including, without limitation, any state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or 
not having separate legal personality, and 
(e) 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”), any other Person: (i) in which such first 
Person holds a majority of the voting rights, (ii) of which such first Person is a member and has the right to 
appoint or remove a majority of the board of directors or (iii) of which such first Person is a member and 
controls a majority of the voting rights, and includes any company that is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary of 
such Person; however, in relation to the consolidated financial statements of a Person, a Subsidiary shall 
mean Persons that are consolidated into such first Person. 
6. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon 
Notes. 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to 
the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.1 for full information 
on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms specifies 
the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed 
Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction, any applicable 
Determination Date and whether the provisions relating to Modified Fixed Rate Notes will be applicable. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum
equal to the applicable Rate(s) of Interest. Interest on Fixed Rate Notes will, subject as provided in these Conditions, 
be payable in arrear on the applicable Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
In the case of Definitive Notes, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount, where a “Fixed Coupon Amount” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, to the Fixed Coupon Amount so specified; provided that the Interest Amount payable on 
any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
Except in the case of Definitive Notes where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount (and, if applicable, a Broken 
Amount) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying 
the then-applicable Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes that are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note, or

--- Page 257 ---
238 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure (including the 
application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency (with half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention with the 
written consent of the Issuer). Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is an 
amount other than the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall 
be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
If Modified Fixed Rate Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Interest Periods and 
Interest Amounts are specified as being subject to adjustment, then a Business Day Convention shall also be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and (where applicable) Interest Payment Dates shall be postponed or brought 
forward, as the case may be, in accordance with Condition 6.6(b) and the relevant Interest Period and Interest 
Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period will be adjusted accordingly. 
6.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable 
to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.2 for full 
information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final 
Terms specifies any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the 
Business Day Convention, any Specified Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not 
the Fiscal Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates, the Day Count Fraction and whether the 
provisions relating to Modified Floating Rate Notes will be applicable. Where “ISDA Determination” applies to the 
calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity and Reset Date. Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable 
Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Specified Time, Relevant Financial Centre, Interest 
Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest shall be payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date” for the 
purpose of such Floating Rate Note) that falls the number of months or other period specified as 
the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest shall be payable in respect of each Interest Period.

--- Page 258 ---
239 
(b) 
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where “ISDA Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest for such Tranche is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
such Tranche for each Interest Period shall be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this clause (i), “ISDA Rate” 
for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as the “Calculation Agent” (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of 
this Series (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms, and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this clause (i), “Floating Rate,” “Floating Rate Option,” “Designated 
Maturity” and “Reset Date” shall have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than for SOFR or SONIA)
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest for such Tranche is to be determined in respect of any 
Reference Rate other than for SOFR or SONIA, the Rate of Interest for such Tranche for each 
Interest Period shall, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page, the offered quotation, or 
(B) 
in any other case, the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) that appear(s) on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service that displays the information) as 
of the Specified Time in the Relevant Financial Centre on the Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, then the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, then only one of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, then only one of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the event that 
the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of clause (A) above, no such offered 
quotation appears or if, in the case of clause (B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear, in each case, as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph.

--- Page 259 ---
240 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded Daily SONIA
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA and the Calculation Method is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SONIA,” then: 
(A) 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA, as determined by the Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
(B) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the 
applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the SONIA 
Reference Rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall, unless the Calculation 
Agent has been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, in either case, 
the applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments) in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(e), be the sum of: (1) the Bank of 
England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5:00 p.m. (or, if earlier, the close of 
business) on such London Banking Day and (2) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which 
a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there 
are more than one highest spread, then only one of those highest spreads) and the lowest 
spread (or, if there are more than one lowest spread, then only one of those lowest 
spreads). 
(C) 
Notwithstanding 
clause (B) 
of 
this 
Condition 6.2(b)(iii) 
and 
subject 
to 
Condition 6.7(I)(e), in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to: (1) how 
the SONIA Reference Rate is to be determined or (2) any rate that is to replace the 
SONIA Reference Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that is reasonably 
practicable and as set forth in a direction from the Issuer in writing, follow such guidance 
in order to determine the SONIA Reference Rate for any London Banking Day “i” for 
purposes of the Notes and for so long as the SONIA Reference Rate is not available or 
has not been published by the relevant authorised distributors. 
(D) 
If, on any Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest cannot be determined by 
reference to any of clauses (A) to (C) of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), then the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be: (1) the Rate of Interest 
determined as of the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period) or (2) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest that would have been applicable to such Notes for the first 
Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (and applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
(E) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, then the final Rate 
of Interest shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the most recent Interest 
Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date 
on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue

--- Page 260 ---
241 
to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in 
Condition 6.5. 
(F) 
As used in this Condition 6.2(b)(iii): 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other entity specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Person responsible for the calculation of the Rate(s) of 
Interest and the Interest Amount(s) or such other amounts as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily SONIA Reference Rate 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage shall be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards): 
“d” means: (a) where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, or (b) where 
in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, the number 
of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period, 
“do” means: (a) where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, or 
(b) where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, 
the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period, 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in: (a) where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the 
Observation Method, the relevant Interest Accrual Period, or (b) where in the applicable 
Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, the relevant Observation 
Period, 
“Interest Accrual Period” means: (a) each Interest Period and (b) any other Relevant 
Period, 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means a day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London, England, 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day, 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
“Observation Period” means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding): (a) the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
d
365
n
 SONIA
Relevant
i
i
















1
365
1
o
d
1
i

--- Page 261 ---
242 
Date for such Interest Accrual Period or (b) such date (if any) on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but that by its definition and the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from the Interest Accrual Period), 
“p” means the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
“Relevant SONIAi” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i”: (a) where “Lag” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, SONIAi-pLBD, or 
(b) where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
SONIAiLBD, 
“SONIA Reference Rate,” in respect of any London Banking Day (“LBDx”), means a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for 
such LBDx as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each case on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such LBDx, 
“SONIAiLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such London Banking Day “i”, and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London Banking Day falling 
“p” London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day “i”. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded Index Rate
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA and the Calculation Method is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Index Rate,” then the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be Compounded Daily SONIA for the Interest Accrual Period 
determined by reference to the screen rate or index for Compounded Daily SONIA administered 
by the administrator of the SONIA Reference Rate that is published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time at the relevant time on the relevant 
Index Determination Dates specified below as further specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
“SONIA Compounded Index”) as calculated in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage shall be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, if any, all 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA rate is equal to: 
where: 
“x” denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period,

--- Page 262 ---
243 
“y” denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period or such other date as when the relevant 
payment of interest falls to be due (but that by definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Accrual Period), 
a day on which the SONIA Compounded Index is determined pursuant to  clause “x” or “y” above 
is referred to as an “Index Determination Date,” 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which “x” is 
determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which “y” is determined, and 
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so 
specified, five London Banking Days). 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator of the SONIA 
Reference Rate or other information service at the relevant time on any relevant Index 
Determination Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the Compounded Daily 
SONIA rate for the applicable Interest Accrual Period for which SONIA Compounded Index is 
not available shall be “Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in accordance with 
Condition 6.2(b)(iii) above as if Compounded Daily SONIA had been specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in place of Compounded Index Rate. For these purposes, the “Calculation Method” 
shall be deemed to be “Compounded Daily SONIA,” the “Relevant Number” specified in the 
applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to be the “Observation Lookback Period” and 
“Observation Method” shall be deemed be “Shift,” as if Compounded Index Rate is not specified 
as being applicable and these alternative elections had been made. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, then the final Rate of 
Interest shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment 
Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date on which the 
Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes 
for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 6.5. 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period Shift 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being “SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period Shift,” then the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately 
below, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
“Compounded SOFR,” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate computed in accordance 
with the following formula (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards): 
൬ܱܵܨܴܫ݊݀݁ݔா௡ௗ
ܱܵܨܴܫ݊݀݁ݔௌ௧௔௥௧
−1൰ݔ360
݀௖
where: 
“SOFR IndexStart” is the SOFR Index value for the day that is five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days, or such other number of U.S. Government Securities Business

--- Page 263 ---
244 
Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms, preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Period, 
“SOFR IndexEnd” is the SOFR Index value for the day that is five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days, or such other number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms, preceding the interest payment date 
relating to such Interest Period, and 
“dc” is the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart to (but 
excluding) SOFR IndexEnd. 
“Interest Period” means each period, the duration of which will be indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the first Interest 
Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, in 
the case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the 
Floating Rate Notes on the redemption date, the redemption date). 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate). 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(currently 
www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates-information) 
or 
any 
successor source. 
“SOFR Index” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day means: 
(a) 
the SOFR Index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index appears on 
the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR Index Determination Time”); provided
that: 
(b) 
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in clause (a) at the SOFR Index 
Determination Time, then: 
(i) 
if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as 
defined in Condition 6.7(II)) have not occurred with respect to SOFR, then 
Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to the “SOFR Index 
Unavailable Provisions” definition below, or 
(ii) 
if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall be the rate 
determined pursuant to Condition 6.7(II). 
where: 
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website, 
“SOFR Index Unavailable Provisions”: If a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published on the associated Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined in Condition 6.7(II)) have not 
occurred with respect to SOFR, then “Compounded SOFR” means, for the applicable 
Interest Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a daily 
compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with the formula for “SOFR 
Averages,” and definitions required for such formula, published on the SOFR

--- Page 264 ---
245 
Administrator’s Website. For the purposes of this provision, references in the “SOFR 
Averages” compounding formula and related definitions to “calculation period” shall be 
replaced with “Observation Period” and the words “that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar 
days” shall be removed. If the daily SOFR (“SOFRi”) does not so appear for any day “i” 
in the Observation Period, then SOFRi for such day “i” shall be SOFR published in 
respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR 
was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website, and 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms before each Interest Payment Date, 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from (and including) 
the date that is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms preceding the first date in such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date 
that is the same number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days so specified and preceding 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities. 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded SOFR with Lookback
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded SOFR Rate with Lookback,” then the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately below, plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
“Compounded SOFR,” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + ܱܵܨܴ௜ି௬௎ௌ஻஽ݔ݊௜
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏ݔ360
݀
“d0” for any Interest Period means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
such Interest Period, 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, 
“SOFRi-yUSBD” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period 
is equal to SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “y” (the 
Lookback Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days) days prior to that day “i”, 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period is the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”), and

--- Page 265 ---
246 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period. 
“SOFR,” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the next U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR 
Determination Time”), 
(b) 
if the rate specified in clause (a) does not so appear, unless both a Benchmark Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date (as each such term is defined in 
Condition 6.7(II)) have occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in 
respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website, 
or 
(c) 
if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the 
Benchmark Replacement, subject to the provisions described (and as defined) in 
Condition 6.7(II), 
where: 
“Interest Period” and “Interest Determination Date” each have the meaning ascribed to the 
respective term in Condition 6.2(b)(v), and 
“Lookback Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days” has the meaning specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and represented in the formula above as “y”. 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift,” then the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately 
below, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
“Compounded SOFR,” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + ܱܵܨܴ௜ݔ݊௜
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏ݔ360
݀
where: 
“d0” for any Observation Period means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in the relevant Observation Period, 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period,

--- Page 266 ---
247 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period 
is equal to SOFR (as defined in Condition 6.2(b)(vi)) in respect of that day “i”, 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period is 
the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”);,and 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
“Interest Period,” “Interest Determination Date” and “Observation Period” each have the meaning 
ascribed to the respective term in Condition 6.2(b)(v). 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay,” then the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately below, plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
“Compounded SOFR” with respect to any Interest Accrual Period means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + ܱܵܨܴ௜ݔ݊௜
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏ݔ360
݀
where: 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period is equal to SOFR (as defined in Condition 6.2(b)(vi)) in respect of that day “i”, 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
is the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i” to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”), and 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means each quarterly period, or such other period as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, from (and including) an Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, in the case 
of the first Interest Accrual Period, the issue date) to (but excluding) the next Interest Accrual 
Period End Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date or, if the 
Issuer elects to redeem the Compounded SOFR Rate Floating Notes with Payment Delay on any 
earlier redemption date, the redemption date).

--- Page 267 ---
248 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” means the dates specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
ending on the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elect to redeems the Compounded SOFR Rate 
Floating Notes with Payment Delay on any earlier redemption date, the redemption date. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the second Business Day, or such other Business Day as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, following each Interest Accrual Period End Date; provided that the 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period shall be the Maturity Date 
or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Compounded SOFR Rate Notes with Payment Delay on any 
earlier redemption date, the redemption date. 
“Interest Payment Determination Date” means the Interest Accrual Period End Date at the end of 
each Interest Accrual Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination Date with respect 
to the final Interest Accrual Period shall be the Rate Cut-Off Date. 
“Rate Cut-Off Date” means the fifth U.S. Government Securities Business Day, or such other U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to the 
Maturity Date or redemption date, as applicable. For purposes of calculating Compounded SOFR 
with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period, the level of SOFR for each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-Off Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date or any earlier redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of 
SOFR in respect of such Rate Cut-Off Date. 
If any scheduled Interest Accrual Period End Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then 
such date shall be postponed to the following Business Day except that, if such following Business 
Day would fall in the next calendar month, then the Interest Accrual Period End Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest
If the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Floating Rate Notes specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for 
any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.2(b) is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period for such Tranche shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Floating Rate Notes specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest 
for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.2(b) is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period for such Tranche shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
A Final Terms may specify both a Minimum Rate of Interest and a Maximum Rate of Interest for a 
Tranche. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period 
(or any other Relevant Period).

--- Page 268 ---
249 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period (or any other Relevant Period) by applying the Rate of 
Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes that are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note, or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination 
of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is an amount other than the Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based upon the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate 
Option (where “ISDA Determination” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period; provided that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at 
such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an independent adviser acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert appointed by the Issuer in its 
reasonable discretion, determines appropriate. For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(e) only, “Calculation 
Agent” shall mean the Issuer or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a financial institution of 
international repute appointed by the Issuer at its own expense for these purposes. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination only, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
6.3 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes and Modified Fixed Rate Notes in respect of which Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being subject to adjustment, the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause: (a) to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which (at the 
request of the Issuer) the relevant Notes are for the time being listed: (i) each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and (ii) in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest, and 
(b) notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 15, in each case, as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter (or, in the case of Notes where 
the applicable Final Terms specify the Reference Rate as being SONIA or SOFR, no later than the second London 
Banking Day or U.S. Government Securities Business Day, respectively, thereafter). Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange (if any) on which the relevant Notes are for the time 
being listed at the request of the Issuer and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. For the purposes of 
this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London.

--- Page 269 ---
250 
6.4 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6 and Condition 7.11, whether by the Fiscal 
Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest or proven 
error) be binding upon the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers and duties pursuant to such provisions. 
6.5 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to bear 
interest (if any) from (and including) the date specified for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal in respect of such Note is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue 
to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note (or part thereof) have been paid (with such 
additional accrued interest being due and payable immediately), and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note has been 
received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
6.6 
Day Count Fraction and Business Day Convention 
(a) 
Day Count Fraction
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 6: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the Relevant Period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, then the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of: 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year, or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, then the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of: (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year, and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of: (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year,

--- Page 270 ---
251 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date), 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of such period falls within a leap year, the sum of: (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365), 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 365, 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 365 or, in the 
case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366, 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360, 
(vi) 
if “30/360,” “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
number of days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day 
months, and 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of such period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period 
falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of such period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of such period unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30, and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in such period unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30, 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the number of 
days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows: 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] +( D2 - D1) 
360 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
360

--- Page 271 ---
252 
Day Count Fraction =
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
such period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of such period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of such period unless such number would be 
31, in which case D1 will be 30, and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
such period unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, and 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the number of days in the 
Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
such period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of such period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of such period unless: (A) that day is the 
last day of February or (B) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30, and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
such period unless: (A) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (B) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(b) 
Business Day Convention
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and: (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is:

--- Page 272 ---
253 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 6.2 above, the “Floating Rate Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date: (A) in the 
case of clause (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of clause (2) below shall apply mutatis mutandis, or (B) in the case of clause (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event: (1) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (2) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month that falls within the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred, 
(ii) 
the “Following Business Day Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day, 
(iii) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day, or 
(iv) 
the “Preceding Business Day Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
6.7 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Reference Rate Replacement 
I. 
The following Benchmark Discontinuation and Reference Rate Replacement provisions in this 
Condition 6.7(I) apply to all Floating Rate Notes other than those for which the Reference Rate is U.S. 
dollar LIBOR or SOFR and Condition 6.7(II) is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part(s) thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b)), and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(I)(c)) 
and 
any 
other 
required 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6.7(I)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.7(I) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for 
any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination 
made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.7(I). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6.2(b), if the Issuer, following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser pursuant to Condition 6.7(I)(a) and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred and that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 6.7(I)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 6.7(I)), or

--- Page 273 ---
254 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6.7(I)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.7(I)). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b), then the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specific quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
may be positive, negative or zero), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or 
any component part(s) thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.7(I) and the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines: (i) that additional amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(I)(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, 
vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.7(I)(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.7(I)(d), neither the Calculation Agent nor any 
other Paying Agent is obliged to concur with the Issuer in respect of any Benchmark Amendments that, in 
the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or such other Paying Agent, in each case, acting reasonably and 
in good faith, would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, such other Paying Agent in the Agency Agreement. 
(e) 
Notices, etc.
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event, any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, each as determined 
under this Condition 6.7(I), will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and the other 
Paying Agents (and, in any case, no later than five business days in London prior to the first Interest 
Determination Date on which the relevant Successor Rate or, as the case may be, Alternative Rate is to be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof)) and, in accordance with Condition 15, to the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 274 ---
255 
Prior to any Benchmark Amendments taking effect and no later than one London Business Day following 
the date of notifying the Calculation Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Calculation Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming: (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (B) the Successor Rate or, as the case may 
be, the Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (C) where 
applicable, the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6.7(I), and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Calculation Agent shall display such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding upon the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the other Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate and Fallback Provisions
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 6.7(I)(a) through Condition 6.7(I)(e), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.2(b) will continue to apply 
unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Original Reference Rate and the 
Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments, in each case, in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(I)(e). 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the Rate of 
Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) 
(and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread) is determined and notified to the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this Condition 6.7(I), then the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes 
of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 6.2(b) will (if applicable) continue to apply to such determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the preceding paragraph shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date only and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent 
Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 6.7(I). 
(g) 
Defined Terms
As used in this Condition 6.7(I): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either: (i) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (ii) a formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, which, in each case, is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology that: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body,

--- Page 275 ---
256 
(B) 
in the case of a Successor Rate where no such formal recommendation as described in clause (A) 
has been made or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the Issuer determines, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
in international debt capital markets to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
Original Reference Rate, 
(C) 
if the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that no such spread, formula or methodology is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets as described in clause (B), the Issuer 
determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions that reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), or 
(D) 
if the Issuer determines that none of clauses (A), (B) or (C) applies, the Issuer, in its discretion, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Noteholders and, if applicable, Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate that the Issuer determines in 
accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for debt securities with a commensurate interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes, 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.7(I)(d), 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five London business 
days or ceasing to exist or be administered, 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
by a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances in which no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate), 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued, 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, by a specified date, be prohibited from being used 
(either generally or in respect of the Notes), 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of the relevant 
underlying market or may no longer be used, or

--- Page 276 ---
257 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for the Calculation Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original 
Reference Rate; 
provided that, notwithstanding clauses (ii) through (v), each such Benchmark Event shall only be deemed 
to occur: (A) in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), on the date of the cessation of the Original Reference Rate 
or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (B) in the case of clause (iv), on 
the date of prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, and (C) in the case of clause (v), on the date 
with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market or may no longer be used and 
that is specified in the public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement, 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or, for any Series, such other entity specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Person responsible for the calculation of the Rate(s) of Interest and the Interest 
Amount(s), 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital markets appointed by the 
Issuer, at its own expense, under Condition 6.7(I)(a), 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) on the Notes, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority that is responsible for supervising the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate, or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee established, approved or sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of: (A) the central bank for the currency to which such Original 
Reference Rate relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority that is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof, and 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate that is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
II. 
The following Benchmark Discontinuation and Reference Rate Replacement provisions in this 
Condition 6.7(II) apply to all Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is U.S. Dollar LIBOR or 
SOFR and Condition 6.7(II) is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Effect of a Benchmark Event
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement. If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred before the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination of the Benchmark on any date, then the Benchmark Replacement shall replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Floating Rate Notes in respect of such 
determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation and 
administration of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer shall have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.

--- Page 277 ---
258 
If the Issuer exercises its right to make any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, then 
the Issuer and the Agents shall, without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, agree to the necessary modifications to these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with effect from 
the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in accordance with this 
Condition 6.7(II)(a)(ii), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which (at 
the request of the Issuer) the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to trading. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.7(II), including any determination with respect to tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection (including with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes): (A) will be conclusive and binding upon all 
parties absent manifest error and subject as provided in this Condition 6.7(II), (B) shall be made in 
the Issuer’s sole discretion and (C) subject as provided in this Condition 6.7(II), shall become 
effective without consent from any Noteholder, Agent or other Person. None of the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Exchange Agent or the Registrar will have any liability for any 
determination made by or on behalf of the Issuer in connection with a Benchmark Event or a 
Benchmark Replacement. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any substitute U.S. dollar 
LIBOR or SOFR or for making any adjustments to any alternative benchmark or spread thereon, 
the business day convention, the interest determination dates or any other relevant methodology 
for calculating any such substitute or successor benchmark. In connection with this 
Condition 6.7(II), the Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely upon any 
determinations made by or on behalf of the Issuer and shall have no liability for such actions taken 
at the direction of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Notice 
Any Benchmark Replacement, and the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, determined under this Condition 6.7(II) shall be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, if any. 
(b) 
Defined Terms
(i) 
As used in this Condition 6.7(II) for Floating Rate Notes with a Reference Rate of U.S. dollar 
LIBOR: 
“Benchmark” means, initially, U.S. dollar LIBOR; provided that if a Benchmark Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to U.S. dollar LIBOR or the 
then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the then-applicable Benchmark Replacement, 
“Benchmark Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease on a 
specified date to provide the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will

--- Page 278 ---
259 
continue to provide the Benchmark (for purposes hereof, it is noted that such a 
Benchmark Event has occurred with respect to U.S. dollar LIBOR as a result of the 
administrator’s announcement on 5 March 2021 (the “March 2021 IBA Announcement”)), 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark announcing or stating that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or 
will cease on a specified date to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely; 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark, or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing or stating that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative, 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the Interpolated Benchmark; provided that if the Issuer cannot 
determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the Benchmark Replacement Date, then “Benchmark 
Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the 
Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) Term SOFR and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) Compounded SOFR and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) an alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
(d) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
and 
(e) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time and 
(ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement, 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment, or 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the

--- Page 279 ---
260 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time, 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definitions or interpretations of Interest Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates and 
making payments of interest, changes to the definition of “Corresponding Tenor” solely when such 
tenor is longer than the Interest Period, the rounding of amounts or tenors and other administrative 
matters) that the Issuer decides are appropriate to make to these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice 
for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, then in such other manner as the Issuer determines 
is reasonably necessary), 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark: 
(a) 
in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of “Benchmark Event,” the later of: (i) the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the 
date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Benchmark (it is noted that, as a result of (and as of the date of) the March 
2021 IBA Announcement, the Benchmark Replacement Date for U.S. dollar LIBOR is: 
(A) 30 June 2023 with respect to periods of one night or one, three, six or 12 months and 
(B) 31 December 2021 otherwise; provided that such date might be earlier if another 
Benchmark Event occurs with respect to U.S. dollar LIBOR), or 
(b) 
in the case of clause (c) of the definition of “Benchmark Event,” the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on 
the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, then the 
Benchmark Replacement Date shall be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination, 
“Compounded SOFR”
means the compounded average of SOFRs for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor, with the rate (or methodology for this rate) and conventions for this rate 
(which will be compounded in arrear with a lookback and/or suspension period as a mechanism to 
determine the Interest Amount payable before the end of each Interest Period) being established by 
the Issuer in accordance with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining compounded 
SOFR; provided that if, and to the extent that, the Issuer determines that Compounded SOFR 
cannot be so determined, then the rate (or methodology for this rate) and conventions for this rate 
that have been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted market 
practice for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time, 
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark, 
“Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org), or any successor source, 
“Interpolated Benchmark” with respect to the Benchmark means the rate determined for the 
Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the Benchmark for the longest

--- Page 280 ---
261 
period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the Corresponding Tenor and (b) 
the Benchmark for the shortest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is longer than 
the Corresponding Tenor, 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor, 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment, 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means: (a) if the 
Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two London 
banking days preceding the date of such determination, and (2) otherwise, the time determined by 
the Issuer in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or 
any successor thereto, 
“SOFR” with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate published for such 
day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark, (or a 
successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website. 
“Term SOFR” means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor based 
upon SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body, and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(ii) 
As used in this Condition 6.7(II) for Floating Rate Notes with a Reference Rate of SOFR: 
“Benchmark” means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined in Conditions 6.2(b)(v) 
through (viii); provided that if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then 
“Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement, 
“Benchmark Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease on a specified 
date to provide the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark, 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark 
announcing or stating that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease on

--- Page 281 ---
262 
a specified date to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark, or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing or stating that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative, 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) an alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
and 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and 
(ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement, 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment, or 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time, 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definitions or interpretations of Interest Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates and 
making payments of interest, changes to the definition of “Corresponding Tenor” solely when such 
tenor is longer than the Interest Period, the rounding of amounts or tenors and other administrative 
matters) that the Issuer decides are appropriate to make to these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice 
for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, then in such other manner as the Issuer determines 
is reasonably necessary),

--- Page 282 ---
263 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark: 
(a) 
in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of “Benchmark Event,” the later of: (i) the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the 
date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Benchmark, or 
(b) 
in the case of clause (c) of the definition of “Benchmark Event,” the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt: (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, then the 
Benchmark Replacement Date shall be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination, and (ii) for purposes of the definitions of Benchmark Replacement Date and 
Benchmark Event, references to Benchmark also include any reference rate underlying such 
Benchmark, 
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark, 
“Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org), or any successor source. 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor, 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment, 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means: (a) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR Compounded Index, the SOFR Index Determination Time, and (b) otherwise, 
the time determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or 
any successor thereto, and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
6.8 
Defined Terms 
In these Conditions: 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Specified Business

--- Page 283 ---
264 
Centre (other than the Trans-European Automatic Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET 2) System (or any successor thereto) (the “TARGET 2 System”)) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
(b) 
if the TARGET 2 System is specified as a Specified Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, then a 
day on which the TARGET 2 System is open, and 
(c) 
either: (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the relevant Specified Currency, or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on 
which the TARGET 2 System is open, 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest, 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, with respect to a Tranche of Notes, the date (if any) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms from (and including) which such Notes will accrue interest, which may or may not be their 
Issue Date, 
“Interest Period” for a Series means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date for such Series (or, in 
respect of the first Interest Period for such Series, its Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or, 
in respect of the first Interest Period, first) Interest Payment Date for such Series, 
“Reference Rate” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: (a) the London interbank offered 
rate (“LIBOR”), (b) the Euro-zone interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”), (c) the Turkish Lira overnight reference rate 
(“TLREF”), (d) the Turkish Lira interbank offered rate (“TRLIBOR”), (e) the Hong Kong interbank offered rate 
(“HIBOR”), (f) the Romanian interbank offered rate (“ROBOR”), (g) the Prague interbank offered rate (“PRIBOR”), 
(h) the Singapore interbank offered rate (“SIBOR”), (i) the Norwegian interbank offered rate (“NIBOR”), (j) the 
Warsaw interbank offered rate (“WIBOR”), (k) the CNH Hong Kong interbank offered rate (“CNH HIBOR”), (l) the 
Kuala Lumpur interbank offered rate (“KLIBOR”), (m) the Tokyo interbank offered rate (“TIBOR”), (n) SONIA or 
(o) SOFR, in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
“Relevant Period” means the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date, 
“Specified Time” means, with respect to a Tranche of Notes, the time specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Method of Payment 
Except as provided in this Condition 7, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (or any account to which such Specified Currency may be credited or 
transferred) maintained by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on 
a bank or other financial institution that processes payments in the Specified Currency. 
Payments in respect of principal and interest on the Notes will be subject in all cases to: (a) any fiscal or other laws 
applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9, and (b) any 
withholding or deduction (“FATCA Withholding Tax”) required pursuant to FATCA.

--- Page 284 ---
265 
In these Conditions, “FATCA” means: (a) an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), (b) Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, (c) any regulations or 
agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof, (d) any intergovernmental agreement between the United 
States and any other governmental authority entered into in connection with the implementation of the foregoing in 
this definition or (e) any applicable law, rule or official practice implementing such an intergovernmental agreement. 
7.2 
Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions to the contrary, payments of principal in respect of a 
Definitive Bearer Note shall (subject as provided below in this Condition 7.2) be made in the manner provided in 
Condition 7.1 only against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, presentation and endorsement) 
of such Definitive Bearer Note, and payments of interest in respect of a Definitive Bearer Note will (subject as 
provided below) be made as aforesaid only against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
presentation and endorsement) of the applicable Coupon(s), in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the 
States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes) should be presented for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons 
falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon 
at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9.2(a)) in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 10) or, if later, five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Definitive Bearer Note becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may 
be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, then interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Definitive Bearer Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as 
the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of such Definitive Bearer 
Note. 
A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note that on issue had a Talon attached) 
whose principal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon; provided that such Note shall 
cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining 
to be paid thereon after that date is less than the principal amount of such Note. 
7.3 
Payments in Respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Bearer Global Note will (subject 
as provided below) be made in the manner specified in Condition 7.2 in relation to Definitive Bearer Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Bearer Global Note, where applicable against surrender or, as the 
case may be, presentation and endorsement, of such Bearer Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any 
payment of interest, will be made on such Bearer Global Note either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented 
or in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
7.4 
Payments in Respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal to redeem a Registered Note (whether or not in global form) in full will be made against 
surrender of such Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such

--- Page 285 ---
266 
payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of 
such Registered Note appearing in the Register at: (a) where in global form and held under the “new safekeeping 
structure” for registered global securities that are intended to constitute eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy operations (the “NSS”), the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (b) in all other cases, the close of 
business at the specified office of the Registrar on the 15th day before the relevant due date (or, if such 15th day is 
not a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located, then 
the first such day prior to such 15th day) (in each case, the “Record Date”). Notwithstanding the previous sentence, 
if: (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the principal amount of such Registered Note is less than 
US$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), then payment may instead be made by 
a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank. For these purposes, “Designated Account” means 
the account maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and “Designated 
Bank” means any bank or other financial institution that processes payments in such Specified Currency. 
Except as set forth in the next and final sentences of this paragraph, payments of interest and (except upon 
redemption in full) principal in respect of a Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by a 
cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business day in 
the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the 
holder (or the first named of joint holders) of such Registered Note appearing in the Register at the close of business 
on the relevant Record Date at the address of such holder shown in the Register on such Record Date and at such 
holder’s risk. Upon application of such holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business 
days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest 
or any such payment of principal in respect of a Registered Note, such payment will be made by transfer on the due 
date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph for the final payment of principal on the applicable 
Registered Note. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other 
than interest due on redemption) and principal in respect of such Registered Note that become payable to the holder 
thereof who has made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by 
such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of a Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same 
manner as the final payment of the principal of such Registered Note as described in the preceding paragraph. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in receiving any 
amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in accordance with this Condition 
arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to 
such holders by any Agent in respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes, 
except as provided in Conditions 7.8 and 7.9. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in respect of Notes 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer by the Fiscal Agent to an 
account of the Exchange Agent in the relevant Specified Currency on behalf of DTC or its nominee for: (x) payment 
in such Specified Currency or (y) conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars, in each case, in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement and Condition 7.9. 
None of the Issuer or any of the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating 
to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
7.5 
General Provisions Applicable to Payments 
Except as provided in the Deed of Covenant, the registered holder of a Registered Global Note or the holder of a 
Bearer Global Note shall be the only Person entitled to receive payments in respect of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, such holder in respect of each 
amount so paid. Each of the Persons shown in the records of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, as the beneficial owner of a particular principal amount of Notes represented by a Global Note must 
look solely to DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for such Person’s share of each 
payment so made by or on behalf of the Issuer to, or to the order of, the registered holder of a Registered Global 
Note or the holder of a Bearer Global Note. Except as provided in the Deed of Covenant, no Person other than the

--- Page 286 ---
267 
registered holder of a Registered Global Note or the holder of a Bearer Global Note shall have any claim against the 
Issuer in respect of any payments due on such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Conditions 7.2 and 7.3, if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect of 
Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, then such payments will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in 
the United States only if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified 
offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the 
manner provided above when due, 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the United 
States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars, and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
7.6 
Payment Business Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day, then the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant amount due until the next Payment Business Day in 
the relevant place (except in the case of Modified Fixed Rate Notes and Modified Floating Rate Notes where a 
Payment Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case such holder will be 
entitled to payment on the Payment Business Day in the relevant place as determined in accordance with the 
Payment Business Day Convention so specified) and, in any such case, shall not be entitled to further interest or 
other payment in respect of such delay.
For these purposes: 
“Payment Business Day” means any day that (subject to Condition 10) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Definitive Notes only, the relevant place of presentation, and 
(ii) 
any Specified Financial Centre (other than the TARGET 2 System) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
(b) 
if the TARGET 2 System is specified as a Specified Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day 
on which the TARGET 2 System is open, 
(c) 
either: (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the relevant Specified Currency, or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on 
which the TARGET 2 System is open (in each of clauses (i) and (ii), disregarding any elections to receive 
payment in a different currency pursuant to Conditions 7.8 and 7.9), and 
(d) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Global Note, a day on which DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, settle(s) payments in the applicable Specified Currency (or, with respect 
to DTC, U.S. dollars), and

--- Page 287 ---
268 
“Payment Business Day Convention” means, if the Payment Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the: 
(a) 
Following Business Day Convention, the next following Payment Business Day, 
(b) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, the next day that is a Payment Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the holder shall be entitled to such payment 
at the place of presentation on the immediately preceding Payment Business Day, or 
(c) 
Preceding Business Day Convention, the immediately preceding Payment Business Day. 
7.7 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of a Note shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any Additional Amounts that may be payable with respect to such principal under Condition 9.1, 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of such Note, 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Note, 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of such Note, 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 8.6) of such Note, 
and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) that may be payable by the Issuer under or in 
respect of such Note. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts that may be payable with respect to such interest under Condition 9.1. 
7.8 
U.S. Dollar Exchange and Payments on Turkish Lira-denominated Notes held other than through DTC
(a) 
If “USD Payment Election” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Specified 
Currency set out in such Final Terms is Turkish Lira and interests in the Notes are not represented by a 
Registered Global Note registered in the name of DTC (or a nominee thereof) or by a Global Note held 
under the NSS, then the holder thereof (determined as of the applicable Record Date in the case of 
Registered Notes) may, no more than 14 days and no less than five Business Days before the due date (the 
“Relevant Payment Date”) for the next payment of interest and/or principal on such Note (such period, the 
“USD Election Period”), give an irrevocable election to any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) to receive such payment in U.S. dollars instead of Turkish 
Lira (a “USD Payment Election”). Upon its receipt of such an election, the relevant Paying Agent or the 
Registrar (as applicable) shall notify the Fiscal Agent on the Business Day following each USD Election 
Period of the USD Payment Elections made by the Noteholders during such USD Election Period and, 
upon its receipt of such notification, the Fiscal Agent shall notify the Exchange Agent of the proportion of 
such interest and/or principal in respect of the Notes due on the Relevant Payment Date (as defined below) 
that is payable to Noteholders who have given a USD Payment Election (the “Lira Amount”). 
Upon receipt of the Lira Amount from the Issuer and by no later than 2:00 p.m. (London time) on the 
Business Day prior to such Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal Agent shall transfer the Lira Amount to the 
Exchange Agent. Following receipt of the Lira Amount from the Fiscal Agent, the Exchange Agent shall 
provide for the Lira Amount to be converted into U.S. dollars in the manner provided in Condition 7.8(b) 
and then to be transferred to the Fiscal Agent for onward payment to the holders of such Notes on such

--- Page 288 ---
269 
Relevant Payment Date in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7.8 and Clause 7.10 of the 
Agency Agreement. 
If the Fiscal Agent receives cleared funds from the Issuer in respect of Turkish Lira-denominated Notes 
held other than through DTC after the time noted in the previous paragraph, then the Fiscal Agent shall 
transfer the Lira Amount to the Exchange Agent for conversion into U.S. dollars as soon as reasonably 
practicable and, following such conversion, the Exchange Agent shall transfer such U.S. dollar amounts to 
the Fiscal Agent and the Fiscal Agent shall use reasonable efforts to pay any U.S. dollar amounts that 
Noteholders have elected to receive in respect of such funds as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. 
Each USD Payment Election of a Noteholder will be made only in respect of the immediately following 
payment of interest and/or principal on the Notes the subject of such USD Payment Election and, unless a 
USD Payment Election is given in respect of each subsequent payment of interest and principal on those 
Notes, such payments will be made in Turkish Lira. 
(b) 
Upon receipt of the Lira Amount from the Fiscal Agent pursuant to Condition 7.8(a), the Exchange Agent 
shall purchase U.S. dollars with the Lira Amount for settlement on the Relevant Payment Date at a 
purchase price calculated on the basis of its own internal foreign exchange conversion procedures, which 
conversion shall be conducted in a commercially reasonable manner and on a similar basis to that which the 
Exchange Agent would use to effect such conversion for its customers (such rate, taking into account any 
spread, fees, commissions or charges on foreign exchange transactions customarily charged by it in 
connection with such conversion, the “Applicable Exchange Rate”). 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.8, neither the Exchange Agent nor the Issuer shall be liable to any 
Noteholder, the Issuer or any third party for any losses whatsoever resulting from application by the 
Exchange Agent of the Applicable Exchange Rate. The Exchange Agent may rely conclusively on the basis 
on which its internal foreign exchange conversion rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any third 
party indices forming the basis for such conversation rates) for settlement has been determined and shall 
not be liable for losses associated with the basis for determination of such rate. 
Each Agent shall be entitled to rely, without further investigation or enquiry, on any notification or 
irrevocable elections received by it or provided to it (including, without limitation, any calculation in 
respect of the Lira Amount) pursuant to this Condition 7.8 and shall not be liable to any party for any losses 
whatsoever resulting from acting in accordance with such notifications or irrevocable instructions or 
calculations even though, subsequent to its acting, it may be found that there was some defect in the 
notification or irrevocable instruction or the notification or irrevocable instruction was not authentic or an 
error existed in the calculations. 
Any foreign exchange transaction effected by the Exchange Agent will generally be a transaction to buy or 
sell currency between: (i) on one part, the Issuer (acting through the Fiscal Agent, as an agent of the Issuer) 
and (ii) on the other part, either the Exchange Agent or its affiliate (acting as principal for its own account). 
The Fiscal Agent as agent of the Issuer will enter into the foreign exchange transaction with the Exchange 
Agent or its affiliate acting as a principal for its own account, and not as an agent, fiduciary or broker on 
behalf of the Issuer. In the sole and absolute discretion of the Exchange Agent, the foreign exchange 
transaction may be transmitted by the Exchange Agent or any of its affiliates acting as principal for its own 
account to a sub-custodian. In forwarding certain foreign exchange transactions to the sub-custodian for 
execution, the Exchange Agent or its affiliate acting as principal for its own account does not, and will, not 
serve as agent, fiduciary or broker on behalf of the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s obligation to make payments on Notes the Specified Currency of which is Turkish Lira is 
limited to the specified Turkish Lira amount of such payments and, in the event that it fails to make any 
payment on such Notes in full on its due date, its obligation shall remain the payment of the relevant 
outstanding Turkish Lira amount and it shall have no obligation to pay any greater or other amount as a 
result of any change in the Applicable Exchange Rate between the due date and the date on which such 
payment is made in full.

--- Page 289 ---
270 
(d) 
Following conversion of the Lira Amount into U.S. dollars in accordance with this Condition 7.8 and the 
Agency Agreement, the Exchange Agent shall promptly notify the Fiscal Agent of: (i) the total amount of 
U.S. dollars purchased with the relevant Lira Amount (the “USD Amount”) and (ii) the Applicable 
Exchange Rate at which such U.S. dollars were purchased by the Exchange Agent. 
(e) 
On the Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal Agent shall give notice to the applicable Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 of the matters set out in Condition 7.8(d)(i) and (ii) in reliance on the 
information provided to it by the Exchange Agent in accordance with Condition 7.8(d). 
(f) 
If, for illegality or any other reason, it is not possible for the Exchange Agent to purchase U.S. dollars with 
the Lira Amount, then the Exchange Agent will promptly so notify the Fiscal Agent, which shall, as soon as 
practicable after receipt of such notification from the Exchange Agent, notify the applicable Noteholders of 
such event in accordance with Condition 15 and all payments on the applicable Notes on the Relevant 
Payment Date will be made in Turkish Lira in accordance with this Condition 7, irrespective of any USD 
Payment Election made. 
(g) 
To give a USD Payment Election in respect of this Note: 
(i) 
if this Note is a Definitive Note, then the holder hereof must deliver at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent (with respect to Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (with respect to Registered Notes), 
on any Business Day falling within the USD Election Period, a duly signed and completed USD 
Payment Election in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of 
any Paying Agent (the “USD Payment Election Notice”) and in which such holder must specify a 
USD bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.8 accompanied by this 
Note or evidence satisfactory to the Agent concerned that this Note will, following the delivery of 
the USD Payment Election, be held to the Fiscal Agent’s order or under its control until the 
applicable U.S. dollar payment is made, and 
(ii) 
if this Note is a Global Note, then the holder of an interest in this Global Note must, on any 
Business Day falling within the USD Election Period, give notice to any Paying Agent (with 
respect to Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (with respect to Registered Notes) of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable 
(which may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any depositary for any of them to any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, from time to time. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Agents will be liable for any delay or ultimate failure to pay the relevant 
Noteholder(s) caused by any delay or failure of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (or any of their 
respective direct or indirect participants) or any depositary for either of them to provide payment 
instructions with respect to the relevant USD Payment Election. 
(h) 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions to the contrary: (i) all costs (including any fees, 
charges, commissions or spreads) of the purchase of U.S. dollars with the Lira Amount shall be borne pro 
rata by the relevant Noteholders relative to the Notes of such Noteholders the subject of USD Payment 
Elections, which pro rata amount will be deducted from the pro rata portion of the USD Amount paid to 
such Noteholders, (ii) none of the Issuer, any Agent or any other Person shall have any obligation 
whatsoever to pay any related foreign exchange rate spreads, fees, charges, commissions or expenses or to 
indemnify any Noteholder against any difference between the pro rata portion of the USD Amount 
received by such Noteholder and the portion of the Lira Amount that would have been payable to the 
Noteholder if it had not made the relevant USD Payment Election and (iii) neither the Issuer nor any Agent 
shall have any liability or other obligation to any Noteholder with respect to the conversion into U.S. 
dollars of any amount paid by it to the Fiscal Agent in Turkish Lira or the payment of any U.S. dollar 
amount to the applicable Noteholders.

--- Page 290 ---
271 
(i) 
Notwithstanding any provisions of these Conditions or the applicable Final Terms, in respect of any Notes 
that are the subject of a USD Payment Election in respect of any payment, the definition of Payment 
Business Day shall, for the purposes of such payment on the Relevant Payment Date, be deemed to include 
a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are not authorised or required by law to 
be closed in New York City. 
7.9 
Payments on Notes held through DTC in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars
For any Registered Global Note registered in the name of DTC or its nominee and denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars, the holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note will receive payment in 
U.S. dollars unless it elects (in accordance with normal DTC practice) to receive such payment in such Specified 
Currency in the manner specified in the Agency Agreement. 
Upon such an election, neither the Issuer nor any of the Agents will be liable for any delay or ultimate failure to pay 
the relevant Noteholder(s) caused by any delay or failure of DTC (or any of its direct or indirect participants) to 
provide payment instructions with respect to the relevant Specified Currency. 
7.10 
RMB Account 
All payments in respect of the Notes in RMB will be made solely by credit to a RMB account maintained by the 
payee at a bank in Hong Kong or such other financial centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with applicable laws, rules and guidelines issued from time to time 
(including all applicable laws with respect to the settlement of RMB in Hong Kong or any relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre). 
“RMB Settlement Centre(s)” means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms in 
accordance with applicable laws. If no RMB Settlement Centre is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
RMB Settlement Centre shall be deemed to be in Hong Kong. 
7.11 
RMB Currency Event 
If “RMB Currency Event” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and a RMB Currency Event 
occurs and is continuing on a date for payment of any amount due in respect of any Note or Coupon, the Issuer’s 
obligation to make payment in RMB under the terms of the Notes may be satisfied by payment of such amount in 
U.S. dollars converted using the Spot Rate for the Rate Calculation Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event that is continuing, the Issuer shall give irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 not less than five nor more than 30 days before the relevant due date 
for payment or, if this is not practicable due to the time at which the relevant RMB Currency Event occurs, as soon 
as practicable following such occurrence, stating the occurrence of the RMB Currency Event, giving details thereof 
and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
For the purpose of this Condition and unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms (and subject, in the case 
of any determination of the Calculation Agent, to the provisions of Condition 6.4): 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), 
court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with 
the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong, 
“Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong, London and New York City, 
“Rate Calculation Date” means the day that is two Rate Calculation Business Days before the due date of the 
relevant payment under the Notes,

--- Page 291 ---
272 
“RMB Currency Event” means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and RMB Inconvertibility, 
“RMB Illiquidity” means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result of which the 
Issuer cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to make a payment, of any amount, in whole or in part, under the 
Notes, as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following 
consultation with two independent foreign exchange dealers of international repute active in the RMB exchange 
market in Hong Kong, 
“RMB Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert in the 
general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong any amount, in whole or in part, due in respect of the Notes into RMB 
on any payment date, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with 
any law enacted by a Governmental Authority (unless such law is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
Notes of this Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, to comply 
with such law), 
“RMB Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to deliver 
RMB between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong 
(including where the RMB clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or 
suspended), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law 
enacted by a Governmental Authority (unless such law is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes 
of this Series and it is impossible for the Issuer due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law), and 
“Spot Rate” means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with RMB in the over-
the-counter RMB exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Rate Calculation Business Days, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date, on a 
deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-
deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent 
shall, acting reasonably and in good faith, determine the rate taking into consideration all available information that 
the Calculation Agent deems relevant, including, among other things, pricing information obtained from the RMB 
non-deliverable exchange market in Hong Kong or elsewhere and the CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate in the PRC 
domestic foreign exchange market. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated 
on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page 
for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Redemption at Maturity
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed by the 
Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in (except as provided in 
Conditions 7.8 and 7.9) the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
8.2 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If: 
(a) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 9.2(b)), or any change in the application or official interpretation of the laws of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes effective after the date on which agreement is reached 
to issue the first Tranche of Notes of this Series (which shall, for the avoidance of doubt and for the 
purposes of this Condition 8.2, be the date on which the applicable Final Terms is signed by the Issuer), on 
the next Interest Payment Date, the Issuer would be required to: 
(i) 
pay Additional Amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9, and

--- Page 292 ---
273 
(ii) 
make any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed, assessed or levied 
by or on behalf of the Relevant Jurisdiction at a rate in excess of the applicable prevailing rates on 
the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of Notes of this Series, and 
(b) 
such requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
then the Issuer may, at its option, having given not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the applicable Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes of this Series at any time at their Early Redemption Amount together (if applicable) with all 
interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Prior to the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.2, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent: (i) a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the requirement referred to in clause (a) will apply on the next 
Interest Payment Date and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal or tax advisers of recognised standing to 
the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
8.3 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 8.3 applies to Notes that are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the 
Issuer (other than for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 8.2), such option being referred to as an “Issuer Call.”
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with 
this Condition 8.3 for full information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the applicable Final Terms identifies any 
Optional Redemption Date(s), any Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes that 
can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
If “Issuer Call” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the Issuer may, having given not 
less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption), redeem all or (if a Minimum Redemption Amount and/or Maximum Redemption Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable) some only of the Notes then outstanding on any 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together (if applicable) with all interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date. If a Minimum Redemption Amount and/or Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, then any such redemption must be of a principal amount not less than such Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than such Maximum Redemption Amount. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes under this Condition 8.3, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) 
will: (a) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, and (b) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global 
Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion) and/or DTC (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be 
published in accordance with Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (or, if the 
Final Terms for the applicable Series provides for a shorter minimum notice period for redemption, such shorter 
number of days).
No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection 
Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.3. 
“Optional Redemption Date” has the meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 293 ---
274 
8.4 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 8.4 applies to Notes that are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the 
Noteholder, such option being referred to as an “Investor Put.” The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 8.4 for full information on any 
Investor Put. In particular, the applicable Final Terms identifies any Optional Redemption Date(s), any Optional 
Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If “Investor Put” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then upon the holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such 
Note (or, for Global Notes, the indicated part thereof) on the relevant Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if applicable, with all interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) such Optional 
Redemption Date. Registered Notes (or, for Global Notes, a nominal amount thereof) may be redeemed under this 
Condition 8.4 in any Specified Denomination. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note (or a portion hereof): 
(a) 
if this Note is in definitive form and is held outside of a clearing system, then the holder of this Note must 
deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or the Registrar, 
as the case may be, falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the 
form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or the Registrar, 
as the case may be, (a “Put Notice”) and in which such holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment 
is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 8.4 and, 
in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full 
nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new 
Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2; if this Note is in definitive bearer form, then the Put 
Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this 
Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to such Paying Agent’s order or under its control, 
and 
(b) 
if this Note is represented by a Global Note or is held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg while 
in definitive form, then the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Fiscal 
Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable (which may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) 
in a form acceptable to DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, given by a holder of this Note pursuant to this Condition 8.4 shall be irrevocable except 
where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such 
holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.4 and 
instead to declare this Note (or, if a Global Note, a portion hereof) forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 11. 
8.5 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control 
If “Change of Control Put” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the following rules 
shall apply. 
(a) 
Following the occurrence of a Change of Control, each Noteholder (or, for Global Notes, the holder of a 
beneficial interest therein) will have the right (the “Change of Control Put Right”), at such Noteholder’s 
(or, for Global Notes, such beneficial owner’s) option, to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s

--- Page 294 ---
275 
option, to procure the purchase of, in each case in whole but not in part, its Note (or, for Global Notes, such 
beneficial owners’ part thereof) on the Change of Control Put Date at, in respect of each relevant Note (or 
beneficial interest therein), the sum of: (i) the Optional Redemption Amount plus (ii) interest accrued 
thereon and unpaid to (but excluding) such date. 
(b) 
A Change of Control Put Right shall be exercised in the following manner: 
(i) 
If this Note is in definitive form, the holder of this Note must complete, sign and deposit at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) a duly completed and signed notice, in the form for the time being current, 
obtainable during normal business hours from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a 
“Change of Control Put Exercise Notice”), together with the Definitive Note to be redeemed, by 
not later than 30 days following a Change of Control or 30 days following the date upon which 
notice of the occurrence thereof is given to the relevant Noteholder (in accordance with 
Condition 15) by the Issuer, whichever is later. The Change of Control Put Exercise Notice must 
specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition 8.5 on the Change of Control Put Date. The “Change 
of Control Put Date” shall be the 14th day after the expiry of the 30-day period following a 
Change of Control or, if later, following the date upon which notice of the occurrence thereof is 
given to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 15) by the Issuer. 
(ii) 
If this Note is a Global Note, then the holder of a beneficial interest in this Note must, within the 
notice period described in clause (i), give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable 
(which may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any depositary for the applicable one of them to the Fiscal Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, from time to time. 
(c) 
Any Change of Control Put Exercise Notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, given by a holder of an interest in a Global Note 
(which may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any depositary for them or registered nominee thereof to the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of 
Registered Global Notes, the Registrar by electronic means) pursuant to this Condition 8.5 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.5 and instead to declare its interest in such Global Note (which 
may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any depositary for them or registered nominee thereof to the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of 
Registered Global Notes, the Registrar by electronic means) immediately due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 11. 
(d) 
No Agent shall be required to take any steps to ascertain whether a Change of Control or any event that 
could lead to the occurrence of a Change of Control has occurred. 
(e) 
Not later than two business days in İstanbul after becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of 
Control, the Issuer shall procure that notice shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 stating: 
(i) 
the date of such Change of Control and, briefly, the events causing such Change of Control, 
(ii) 
the date by which the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice must be given, 
(iii) 
the Change of Control Put Date,

--- Page 295 ---
276 
(iv) 
the names and addresses of all Paying Agents, 
(v) 
the procedures that Noteholders must follow and the requirements that Noteholders must satisfy in 
order to exercise the Change of Control Put Right, and 
(vi) 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding as of the latest practicable date prior to 
the publication of such notice. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, a “Change of Control” occurs when the Republic of Turkey, acting through the 
Turkey Wealth Fund (in Turkish: Türkiye Varlık Fonu) managed by Türkiye Varlık Fonu Yönetimi A.Ş. or through 
any other entity owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Republic of Turkey, ceases to: (a) control or hold, 
directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the ordinary shares of the Issuer giving the right to vote at a general meeting 
or (b) whether directly or indirectly and whether by ownership of share capital, possession of voting powers or 
otherwise, be able to appoint, or direct the appointment of, a majority of the board of directors of the Issuer. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of a Change of Control shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
8.6 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 8.2 and 11.1, each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated 
as follows  (the “Early Redemption Amount”): 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the first Tranche of Notes 
of this Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof, 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount that is or may be 
less or greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of Notes of this Series, at the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its 
outstanding principal amount, or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
“RP” 
means the Reference Price set forth in the applicable Final Terms, 
“AY” 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal, and 
“y” 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms, which shall be any of: (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator shall be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of Notes of this Series to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 360), (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator shall be equal to the actual number of days 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of this Series to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator 
shall be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of Notes of this Series to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the 
date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365).

--- Page 296 ---
277 
8.7 
Purchases by the Issuer and/or its Subsidiaries 
The Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase, have assigned or otherwise transferred to it or 
otherwise acquire (or have a third party do so for its benefit) Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (provided that, in 
the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) in any manner and at any price in the open market or otherwise, including (without limitation) in its 
capacity as a broker for a customer. If any such purchases or acquisitions of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) 
are made by tender, exchange or other process, then such tender, exchange or other process shall not be required to 
be available to all Noteholders of the applicable Series, or in the same manner, except to the extent required by law. 
Such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (and, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, the related Coupons and 
Talons) may be held, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or (with the Issuer’s consent) any such Subsidiary (as the 
case may be) for those Notes (or beneficial interests therein) held by it, surrendered or notified to any Paying Agent 
and/or the Registrar for cancellation pursuant to Condition 8.8; provided that any such resale or surrender of a 
Definitive Bearer Note shall include a sale or surrender (as applicable) of all related Coupons and Talons. 
8.8 
Cancellation 
All Notes that are redeemed, all Coupons that are paid and all Talons that are exchanged shall immediately be 
cancelled (together, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption or cancellation). All Notes so cancelled cannot be reissued or 
resold and (if such cancellation is for the full amount thereof) the applicable Note certificate shall be forwarded to 
the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar for cancellation. 
In addition, the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may, as described in Condition 8.7, surrender to any Paying Agent 
any Notes (or notify the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar of any beneficial interests in 
a Global Note to be so cancelled), together (in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes) with all Coupons or Talons (if 
any) relating to them or surrendered with them, and such Notes (or beneficial interests therein), Coupons or Talons 
shall, to the extent that the Issuer indicates in writing the same to the relevant Paying Agent, be cancelled by the 
Paying Agent to which they are surrendered. All Notes so cancelled cannot be reissued or resold. 
Each of the Paying Agents shall deliver all cancelled Notes, Coupons and Talons to the Fiscal Agent or as the Fiscal 
Agent may specify. 
8.9 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note pursuant to 
this Condition 8 or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 11 is improperly withheld or 
refused, then the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 8.6(c) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon 
which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date that is the earlier 
of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid, and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Notes has been received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
9. 
TAXATION 
9.1 
Payment without Withholding 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes (including with respect to the Coupons, if any) by (or 
on behalf of) the Issuer shall be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, levies, assessments or governmental charges (including related interest and penalties) of whatever 
nature (“Taxes”) imposed, assessed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction unless such withholding or

--- Page 297 ---
278 
deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as 
shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts that would have been receivable in respect of the Notes 
or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; provided that no Additional 
Amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for Taxes in respect of the Note or Coupon 
by reason of such holder having some connection with any Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere 
holding of the Note or Coupon or the receipt of payment in respect thereof, 
(b) 
presented for payment in Turkey, or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that a holder of the 
relevant Note or Coupon would have been entitled to Additional Amounts on presenting the same for 
payment on the last day of such 30 day period (assuming that day to have been a Payment Business Day). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other 
Person be required to pay any Additional Amounts or other amounts in respect of the Notes (including on Coupons) 
for, or on account of, any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
9.2 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(a) 
“Relevant Date” means, with respect to any payment, the date on which such payment first becomes due 
but, if the full amount of the money payable has not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or before the due 
date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such money having been so received, notice to that 
effect has been duly given to the holder of the applicable Note by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 15, and 
(b) 
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means: (i) Turkey or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax or (ii) any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments made by it in 
respect of principal and interest in respect of the Notes (including with respect to the Coupons). 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal 
and/or interest with respect thereto are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in 
the case of interest) from the Relevant Date therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for payment 
in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7.2 or any Talon that would be void 
pursuant to Condition 7.2. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
11.1 
Events of Default 
The holder of any Note may give notice to the Issuer that such Note is, and it shall accordingly forthwith become, 
immediately due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount, with all interest accrued and unpaid to (but 
excluding) the date of repayment, if any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall have occurred 
and be continuing:

--- Page 298 ---
279 
(a) 
if default is made by the Issuer in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or any 
of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal or 14 days in the case 
of interest, 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Conditions and (except in 
any case where the failure is incapable of remedy, when no continuation or notice as is hereinafter 
mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 14 days following the service by any 
Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied, 
(c) 
if: (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes due 
and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described), (ii) the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the 
due date for payment, subject to any originally applicable grace period, (iii) any security given by the Issuer 
or any of its Material Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes enforceable or (iv) 
default is made by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any 
guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other 
Person, subject to any originally applicable grace period; provided that the aggregate principal amount of: 
(A) such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary in the case of 
clause(s) (i), (ii) and/or (iii) above and/or (B) the maximum amount payable by the Issuer or such Material 
Subsidiary under such guarantee and/or indemnity of the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary in the case of 
clause (iv) above exceeds US$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency(ies)), 
(d) 
if: 
(i) 
any order is made by any competent court or the Government of Turkey, as the case may be, or 
resolution is passed for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries, 
(ii) 
(A) the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part, or any 
Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or substantially the whole, 
in each case, of its business, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders, or (B) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
suspends or threatens to suspend payment of, or is unable to (or admits inability to) pay, its debts 
(or any class of its debts) as they fall due or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for 
the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated, declared or found by a competent authority 
to be (or becomes) bankrupt or insolvent, 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries commences negotiations with one or more of its 
creditors with a view to the general readjustment or rescheduling of all or a substantial part of its 
indebtedness, or 
(iv) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (or their respective directors or shareholders): (A) 
takes any corporate action or other steps are taken or legal proceedings are started: (1) for its 
winding-up, dissolution, administration, bankruptcy or reorganisation (other than for the purposes 
of reorganisation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders) or (2) for the 
appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee or similar 
officer of it or any substantial part or all of its revenues and assets or (B) shall, or proposes to, 
make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or shall enter into any composition with 
its creditors, 
in each case in clauses (i) to (iv) above, save for the solvent voluntary winding-up, dissolution or 
reorganisation of any Material Subsidiary in connection with any combination with, or transfer of the 
whole or substantially the whole of its business and/or assets to, the Issuer or one or more other 
Subsidiary(ies) of the Issuer,

--- Page 299 ---
280 
(e) 
if the Issuer is or becomes entitled or subject to, or is declared by law or otherwise to be protected by, 
immunity (sovereign or otherwise) and Condition 19.4 is held to be invalid or unenforceable, or 
(f) 
if the banking licence of the Issuer is temporarily or permanently revoked or the management of the Issuer 
is taken over by the Savings Deposit Insurance Fund under the provisions of the Banking Law (Law 
No. 5411) of Turkey. 
11.2 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of this Condition 11: 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or other 
amounts) for or in respect of: 
(a) 
any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities, 
(b) 
any borrowed money, or 
(c) 
any liability under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) or the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to: (a) evidence of such loss, theft, mutilation, defacement or destruction and (b) 
indemnity as the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or, as applicable, the Registrar may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out in the Agency Agreement. If any 
additional Agents are appointed in connection with this Series, then the names of such Agents will be specified in 
Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
Subject to the terms of the Agency Agreement, the Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent, appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any Agent acts; provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar, 
(b) 
there will at all times be: (i) in the case of Bearer Notes, a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent), 
and (ii) in the case of Registered Notes, a Transfer Agent (which may be the Registrar), 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction other than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is 
incorporated, 
(d) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars are 
held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent with a specified office in the 
United States, and 
(e) 
so long as this Series of Notes was listed on a stock exchange by the Issuer and remains so listed, there will 
at all times be an Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) having a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of such exchange or any other relevant authority.

--- Page 300 ---
281 
In addition, the Issuer shall as promptly as practicable appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in the 
United States in the circumstances described in Condition 7.5. 
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Agents and of any changes to the specified office of 
an Agent will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
Any such variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of the 
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar event of the applicable Agent, a Paying Agent ceasing to be a FATCA-Compliant 
Entity, a Paying Agent determining that it is unable to concur with the Issuer in respect of Benchmark Amendments 
for the reasons outlined in Condition 6.7(I)(d) or as otherwise prescribed by the Agency Agreement, when it shall be 
of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, Couponholder or other Person. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted, with which it is 
consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition, “FATCA-Compliant Entity” means a Person payments to whom are not subject to 
any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon included in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon 
(if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and 
including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 10. 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices to Noteholders regarding the Bearer Notes shall be in English and be deemed to be validly given if 
published in English in a leading English language newspaper of general circulation in London. It is anticipated (but 
not required) that any such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure 
that notices are duly published in a manner that complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Bearer Notes (if any) are (at the request of the Issuer) for the time being listed or by which 
they have been admitted to trading, including publication on the website of such stock exchange and/or other 
relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of the 
first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date by which 
publication has occurred in all required newspapers. 
All notices to Noteholders regarding the Registered Notes shall be in English and be deemed to be validly given if 
sent by first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) of such Registered Notes at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and shall be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are (at the request of 
the Issuer) listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of such stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice shall be published on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange and/or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required 
by those rules. 
So long as any Global Note is held on behalf of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, there may be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such website(s) or such mailing the delivery of the relevant 
notice to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, for communication by them to the holders 
of interests in such Global Note and, in addition, for so long as any Note is (at the request of the Issuer) listed on a 
stock exchange or admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant

--- Page 301 ---
282 
authority so require, such notice shall be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of interests in such Note on such day as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms after the day on which such notice was given to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable (or, if not so specified, on the second London Business Day after the date on which such 
notice was given to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable). 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing in English and given by lodging the same (together, in the 
case of any Definitive Bearer Note, with the relevant Definitive Bearer Note) with the Fiscal Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Any such Definitive Bearer Note shall be returned 
to the relevant Noteholder after such notice has been given in the event such Definitive Bearer Note is otherwise due 
to be returned to such Noteholder. For so long as any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice 
may be given by any holder of an interest in such Global Note to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar through DTC, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar 
and DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
Holders of any Coupon appertaining to a Note shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to the applicable Noteholder. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATIONS 
16.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of any modification of the Notes 
(including any of these Conditions), the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting 
may be convened by the Issuer at any time and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders 
holding not less than 10% in nominal amount of the Notes of this Series for the time being outstanding. A meeting 
that has been validly convened in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement may be cancelled by the 
Person(s) who convened (or, if applicable, caused the Issuer to convene) such meeting by giving at least five days’ 
notice (which, in the case of a meeting convened by the Issuer, shall be given to the applicable Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 and to the Fiscal Agent); provided that if the Issuer had convened such meeting after 
having been required to do so by one or more Noteholder(s) pursuant to Clause 8 of Schedule 5 of the Agency 
Agreement, then the Issuer may not so cancel such meeting absent a request to do so from such Noteholder(s). 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more Person(s) present and 
holding or representing at least a majority of the nominal amount of the Notes of this Series for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more Person(s) being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the 
modification of certain provisions of these Conditions, the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the Maturity 
Date of the applicable Series of Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount 
of principal or the amount of interest payable in respect of the applicable Series of Notes, altering the currency of 
payment of the applicable Series of Notes or the related Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant in certain 
respects), the quorum shall be one or more Person(s) present and holding or representing not less than two-thirds in 
nominal amount of the applicable Series of Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting 
one or more Person(s) present and holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders shall be binding upon all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not they vote on the resolution, and on 
all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that: (a) a resolution in writing signed on behalf of the Noteholders of not less than 
75% in principal amount of the applicable Notes for the time being outstanding (whether such resolution in writing 
is contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed on behalf of one or more 
Noteholders) or (b) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing systems by or on 
behalf of Noteholders of not less than 75% in principal amount of the applicable Notes for the time being

--- Page 302 ---
283 
outstanding will, in each case, take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution and shall be binding upon all 
Noteholders. 
16.2 
Modification without Noteholder Consent 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, effect any modification (except such 
modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as mentioned in Condition 16.1) of any of the 
Notes (including these Conditions), the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll or the Agency Agreement that is, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, either: (a) for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing or correcting any manifest or 
proven error or any other defective provision contained herein or therein or (b) following the advice of an 
independent financial institution of international standing, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. Any such modification shall be binding upon the Noteholders and Couponholders and, unless the 
Fiscal Agent agrees otherwise, shall be notified by the Issuer to the applicable Noteholders as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 15. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions or the Agency Agreement, the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall not be required in the case of amendments to these Conditions pursuant to 
Condition 6.7 to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate(s) or amount of interest or the basis for calculating 
any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes or for any other variation of these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement required to be made in the circumstances described in Condition 6.7 (with respect to Condition 6.7(I), 
where the Issuer has delivered to the Calculation Agent a certificate pursuant to Condition 6.7(I)(e)). 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, create and issue further 
notes having terms and conditions the same as those of this Series of Notes, or the same in all respects except for the 
amount and/or date of the first payment of interest thereon, the issue date and/or the date from which interest starts 
to accrue, so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with such outstanding Notes; provided that 
the Issuer shall ensure that such further notes will be fungible with such outstanding Notes for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes as a result of their issuance being a “qualified reopening” under U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.1275-2(k) 
unless the original Notes were, and such further Notes are, offered and sold by (or on behalf of) the Issuer solely in 
reliance upon Regulation S in offshore transactions to Persons other than U.S. persons. 
In addition, the Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, create and 
issue separate Series of Notes under the Programme. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No Person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any Person that exists or is available apart from 
that Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing Law 
These Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith, are and shall be (and 
the Notes and Coupons state that they, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, 
are and shall be) governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
19.2 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the High Court of 
Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any 
appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) have

--- Page 303 ---
284 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that arise out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons 
(including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or 
Coupons) and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in 
London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or 
order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) with respect thereto. 
The Issuer waives any objection to the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent 
United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High 
Court of Justice of England and Wales) on the grounds that it is an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. To the 
extent allowed by applicable law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may take any suit, action or proceeding 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons (together referred to as “Proceedings”) (including 
any Proceeding relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the 
Coupons) against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number 
of jurisdictions. 
19.3 
Consent to Enforcement 
The Issuer agrees, without prejudice to the enforcement of a judgment obtained in the High Court of Justice of 
England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating 
to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) according to the provisions 
of Article 54 of the International Private and Procedure Law of Turkey (Law No. 5718), that in the event that any 
action is brought in relation to the Issuer in a court in Turkey in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, in 
addition to other permissible legal evidence pursuant to the Civil Procedure Code of Turkey (Law No. 6100), any 
judgment obtained in such courts in connection with such action shall constitute (in addition to other legal evidence) 
conclusive evidence of the existence and amount of the claim against the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of the first 
paragraph of Article 193 of the Civil Procedure Code of Turkey (Law No. 6100) and Articles 58 and 59 of the 
International Private and Procedure Law of Turkey (Law No. 5718). 
19.4 
Waiver of Immunity 
To the extent that the Issuer may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its assets or revenues any immunity in relation 
to any Proceedings, including, without limitation, immunity from the jurisdiction of any court or tribunal, suit, 
service of process, injunctive or other interim relief, any order for specific performance, any order for recovery of 
land, any attachment (whether in aid of execution, before judgment or otherwise), any process for execution of any 
award or judgement or other legal process and to the extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) may be 
attributed in any such jurisdiction to the Issuer or its assets or revenues, the Issuer agrees not to claim and 
irrevocably waives such immunity to the full extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction. 
19.5 
Service of Process 
In connection with any Proceedings in England, service of process may be made upon the Issuer at its branch in 
London (as of the date hereof, at 45 - 47 Cornhill, London EC3V 3PD, United Kingdom) and the Issuer undertakes 
that, in the event of its ceasing to have such a branch, the Issuer shall promptly appoint another Person as its agent 
for that purpose. This Condition does not affect any other method of service allowed by applicable law. 
19.6 
Other Documents 
The Issuer has, in the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed Poll, submitted to the jurisdiction of 
the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in 
respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and 
Wales) and agreed to service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above in this Condition 19. In 
addition, the Issuer has, in such documents, waived any rights to sovereign immunity and other similar defences that 
it may have.

--- Page 304 ---
285 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of the Clearing Systems currently in effect. The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has 
been obtained from sources that the Bank’s management believes to be reliable, but neither the Bank nor any Dealer takes 
any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised 
to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of the 
Issuer nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any 
Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is required to notify Central Registry İstanbul within three İstanbul 
business days from the applicable Issue Date of a Tranche of Notes of the amount, Issue Date, ISIN (if any), interest 
commencement date, maturity date, interest rate, name of the custodian and currency of such Notes and the country of 
issuance. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking Law, a 
“banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of 
the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act.
DTC holds securities that its direct participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement 
among Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic 
computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of 
securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations 
and certain other organisations. Access to the DTC System is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, 
banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or 
indirectly (“Indirect Participants” and, with Direct Participants, “Participants”). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the “DTC Rules”), DTC 
makes book-entry transfers of securities among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect to notes accepted into 
DTC’s book-entry settlement system (“DTC Notes”) as described below and receives and transmits distributions of principal 
and interest on DTC Notes. The DTC Rules are on file with the SEC. Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC 
Notes (“DTC Beneficial Owners”) have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-entry 
transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective DTC Beneficial Owners. Accordingly, 
although DTC Beneficial Owners who hold interests in DTC Notes through Participants will not possess the securities, the 
DTC Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive 
payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive 
a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each DTC Beneficial Owner is in turn to be recorded 
on the relevant Direct Participant’s and Indirect Participant’s records. DTC Beneficial Owners will not receive written 
confirmation from DTC of their purchases, but DTC Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations 
providing details of each transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Participant through which the 
DTC Beneficial Owner holds its interest in the DTC Notes. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be 
accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of DTC Beneficial Owners. DTC Beneficial 
Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the 
book-entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in the 
name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of 
Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual DTC Beneficial Owners; DTC’s 
records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may 
not be the DTC Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf 
of their customers.

--- Page 305 ---
286 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect 
Participants, and by Participants to DTC Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any 
statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices will be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being redeemed, 
DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes. Under its usual procedures, DTC 
mails an omnibus proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The omnibus proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s 
consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC Notes are credited on the record date 
(identified in a listing attached to the omnibus proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to DTC or its nominee. DTC’s practice is to credit 
accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the 
records of DTC, subject to the receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer or the relevant Paying 
Agent. Payments by Participants to DTC Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name,” and 
will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements 
as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC or its nominee is the responsibility of the 
Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such 
payments to the DTC Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange the DTC 
Notes for Definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Direct Participants in accordance with their requests and 
proportionate entitlements and that will be legended as described in “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any DTC 
Beneficial Owner desiring to pledge its interest in DTC Notes to Persons that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take 
actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to effect such pledge through DTC and its Participants or, if not 
possible to so effect it, to withdraw its securities from DTC as described below. 
The applicable laws in some jurisdictions might require that certain Persons take physical delivery of securities in 
definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to such 
Persons might depend upon the ability to exchange such interest for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can 
only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a 
Person having an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such interest to 
Persons that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the 
ability to exchange such interest for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of an interest in Notes represented by 
a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such interests might be impaired if the 
proposed transferee of such interests is not eligible to hold such interests through a Participant. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg as a professional depositary. Clearstream, 
Luxembourg holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between 
Clearstream, Luxembourg customers through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
customers, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. Transactions may be settled by Clearstream, 
Luxembourg in any of a number of currencies, including U.S. dollars and Turkish Lira. Clearstream, Luxembourg provides to 
its customers, among other things, services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded 
securities and securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream, Luxembourg also deals with domestic securities markets in 
several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is registered as a bank in Luxembourg, and as such is subject to regulation by the 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier and the Banque Centrale du Luxembourg, which supervise and oversee the 
activities of Luxembourg banks. Clearstream, Luxembourg’s customers are recognised financial institutions around the 
world, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship

--- Page 306 ---
287 
with a direct participant in Clearstream, Luxembourg. Clearstream, Luxembourg has established an electronic bridge with 
Euroclear to facilitate settlement of trades between Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. 
The ability of an owner of a beneficial interest in a Note held through Clearstream, Luxembourg to pledge such 
interest to Persons that do not participate in the Clearstream, Luxembourg system, or otherwise take action in respect of such 
interest, might be limited by the lack of a definitive note for such interest because Clearstream, Luxembourg can act only on 
behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg’s customers, who in turn act on behalf of their own customers. The applicable laws of 
some jurisdictions might require that certain Persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the 
ability to transfer beneficial interests in the Notes to such Persons might be limited. In addition, beneficial owners of Notes 
held through the Clearstream, Luxembourg system will receive payments of principal, interest and any other amounts in 
respect of the Notes only through Clearstream, Luxembourg participants. 
Euroclear 
Euroclear holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions by 
electronic book-entry transfer between its direct participants. Euroclear provides various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear 
also deals with domestic securities markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships.
Euroclear customers are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with participants in Euroclear. 
The ability of an owner of a beneficial interest in a Note held through Euroclear to pledge such interest to Persons 
that do not participate in the Euroclear system, or otherwise take action in respect of such interest, might be limited by the 
lack of a definitive note for such interest because Euroclear can act only on behalf of Euroclear’s customers, who in turn act 
on behalf of their own customers. The applicable laws of some jurisdictions might require that certain Persons take physical 
delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests in the Notes to such Persons 
might be limited. In addition, beneficial owners of Notes held through the Euroclear system will receive payments of 
principal, interest and any other amounts in respect of the Notes only through Euroclear participants. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of Global Notes 
The Issuer has applied to each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to have Global Note(s) accepted in its 
book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Global Note, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the interests represented by such 
Global Note to the accounts of Persons who have accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.
Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). Interests in such a Global 
Note through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, will be limited to participants of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. Interests in such a Global Note will be shown on, and the transfer of such interests 
will be effected only through, records maintained by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or its nominee (with respect 
to the interests of direct Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants) and the records of direct or indirect 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants (with respect to interests of indirect Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg participants). 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note 
accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, DTC or its custodian will 
credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented by 
such Registered Global Note to the accounts of Persons who have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be 
designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered 
Global Note will be limited to Direct Participants and Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S 
Registered Global Note, the respective depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial 
interests in a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected 
only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records 
of Direct Participants and Indirect Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will be 
made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the case of any payment in a currency other 
than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Agent

--- Page 307 ---
288 
will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial 
owners of interests in the Registered Global Note in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a 
portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants’ account. 
Subject to the preceding paragraph, payments of principal and interest in respect of a Global Note will be made to 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or their respective nominee, as the case may be, as the registered holder of such 
Note. The Issuer expects DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear to credit accounts of their respective direct 
accountholders on the applicable payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by direct DTC, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders to indirect participants in such Clearing Systems will be governed by standing 
instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers of such Clearing 
System, and will be the responsibility of such direct participant and not the responsibility of such Clearing System, the Fiscal 
Agent, any Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Bank. Payments of principal and interest on the Notes to a Clearing System (or 
its nominee) are the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described in “Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions,” cross-market transfers between Participants in DTC, on the one hand, and directly and indirectly 
through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear participants, on the other, will be effected by the relevant Clearing System in 
accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and any custodian (“Custodian”) with 
whom the relevant Registered Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Tranche, transfers of Notes of such Tranche between participants in Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Tranche between Participants in DTC will generally have a 
settlement date two business days after the trade date (T+2). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will 
apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between participants in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and Participants in DTC will 
need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is no direct link between DTC, on 
the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Registered 
Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where 
appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the 
designated account for the transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg participants and DTC’s Participants cannot be made on a delivery-versus-payment basis. The securities will be 
delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
Each Clearing System has published rules and operating procedures designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial 
interests in Registered Global Notes among participants of the Clearing Systems; however, they are under no obligation to 
perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures might be discontinued or changed at any time. None of 
the Issuer, the Agents or any Arranger or Dealer will be responsible for any performance by the Clearing Systems or their 
respective direct or indirect participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of 
beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 308 ---
289 
TAXATION 
This is a general summary of certain U.S. federal and Turkish tax laws and other tax considerations in connection 
with an investment in the Notes. This summary does not address all aspects of U.S. federal and Turkish tax law and 
considerations or the applicable laws of other jurisdictions (including the United Kingdom or any state or local tax law, 
including any jurisdiction in which an investor in the Notes is subject to taxes). While this summary is considered to be a 
correct interpretation of existing laws in force on the date of this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that those laws 
or the interpretation of those laws will not change. This summary does not discuss all of the tax consequences that might be 
relevant to an investor in light of such investor’s particular circumstances or to investors subject to special rules, such as 
regulated investment companies, certain financial institutions or insurance companies. In addition, each investor should note 
that the tax laws of such investor’s jurisdiction might have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective investors in the Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers with respect to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership or disposition of the Notes (or the purchase, ownership or disposition by an 
owner of beneficial interests therein) as well as any tax consequences that might arise under the laws of any state, 
municipality or other taxing jurisdiction (including of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile), including 
(but not limited to) the consequences of receipt of payments on the Notes and the disposal of investments in the Notes. 
Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences 
The following summary describes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of a Note by a U.S. Holder (as defined below) whose functional currency is the U.S. dollar that acquires the Note 
from the Dealers at a price equal to the issue price of the Notes (as defined under “-Original Issue Discount - General”) and 
holds it as a capital asset. This summary does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that might be applicable 
to particular U.S. Holders subject to special U.S. federal income tax rules, including, among others, tax-exempt organisations, 
financial institutions, accrual method taxpayers that file applicable financial statements (as described in Section 451(b) of the 
Code), dealers and traders in securities or currencies, U.S. Holders that will hold a Note as part of a “straddle,” hedging 
transaction, “conversion transaction” or other integrated transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. Holders that 
enter into “constructive sale” transactions with respect to the Notes, U.S. Holders liable for alternative minimum tax and 
certain U.S. expatriates. In addition, this summary does not address consequences to U.S. Holders of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of a Note under any other U.S. federal tax laws (e.g., estate or gift tax laws) or the tax laws of any 
state, locality or other political subdivision of the United States or other countries or jurisdictions. 
This summary does not discuss Notes that by their terms may be retired for an amount less than their principal 
amount and Notes subject to special rules. The tax treatment of certain Notes may be specified in the relevant supplement to 
this Base Prospectus. Moreover, this summary does not discuss Bearer Notes. In general, U.S. federal income tax law 
imposes significant limitations on U.S. Holders of Bearer Notes. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the 
restrictions and penalties imposed under U.S. federal income tax law with respect to Bearer Notes and any other tax 
consequences with respect to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of any of these Notes. 
As used herein, the term “U.S. Holder” means an owner of a Note that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: (a) 
an individual who is a citizen or resident of the U.S., (b) an entity taxable as a corporation created or organised in or under 
the laws of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (c) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal 
income taxation regardless of its source or (d) a trust whose administration is subject to the primary supervision of a United 
States court and that has one or more United States person(s) (as defined under the Code) who have the authority to control 
all substantial decisions of the trust or a valid election for such persons to be treated as United States person(s) (as defined 
under the Code) is in effect with respect to such trust. References herein to a U.S. Holder holding a Note shall also refer to 
the holding of a beneficial interest in a Global Note. 
If an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds a Note, then the U.S. 
federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the 
partnership. Therefore, a partnership holding a Note and its partners should consult their own tax advisers regarding the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of a Note. 
The discussion below is based upon the Code, U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, and judicial and 
administrative interpretations thereof, all as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus and any of which may at any time

--- Page 309 ---
290 
be repealed, revoked or modified or subject to differing interpretations, potentially retroactively, so as to result in U.S. federal 
income tax consequences different from those discussed below. 
The summary of the U.S. federal income tax consequences set out below is for general information only. Investors 
in the Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the particular tax consequences to them of owning investments in the 
Notes, including the applicability and effect of state, local, foreign and other tax laws and possible changes in tax law. 
Payments of Interest 
Payments of interest on the Notes, including additional amounts, if any, other than interest on a Discount Note that 
is not “qualified stated interest” (each as defined under “-Original Issue Discount - General”), generally will be taxable to a 
U.S. Holder as ordinary income at the time that such payments are received or accrued, in accordance with such U.S. 
Holder’s usual method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Interest paid on a Note and OID, if any, accrued 
with respect to the Notes (as described under “-Original Issue Discount”), generally will constitute foreign source income for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes and generally will be considered “passive” income, which is treated separately from other 
types of income in computing the foreign tax credit that may be allowable to U.S. Holders under U.S. federal income tax 
laws. Subject to applicable restrictions and limitations, a U.S. Holder may be entitled to claim a U.S. foreign tax credit in 
respect of any Turkish withholding taxes imposed upon interest received on the Notes. A U.S. Holder who does not elect to 
claim a credit for foreign tax may instead claim a deduction in respect of the Turkish withholding taxes provided the U.S. 
Holder elects to deduct rather than claim a credit for all foreign taxes for such taxable year. U.S. Holders that are eligible for 
benefits under the double tax treaty between the United States and Turkey (the “Double Tax Treaty”) or are otherwise entitled 
to a refund for the taxes withheld under Turkish tax law generally will not be entitled to a foreign tax credit or deduction for 
the amount of any Turkish taxes withheld in excess of the maximum rate under the Double Tax Treaty or for those taxes that 
have been otherwise refunded to them under Turkish tax law. The rules relating to foreign tax credits or deducting foreign 
taxes are extremely complex, and U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding the availability and 
advisability of claiming a foreign tax credit or a deduction with respect to any Turkish taxes withheld from payment. 
Stated interest paid in a currency other than U.S. dollars will be included in a U.S. Holder’s gross income in an 
amount equal to the U.S. dollar value of such other currency, including the amount of any withholding tax, regardless of 
whether such other currency is converted into U.S. dollars. Generally, a U.S. Holder that uses the cash method of tax 
accounting will determine such U.S. dollar value using the spot rate of exchange on the date of receipt. A cash method U.S. 
Holder generally will not realise foreign currency gain or loss on the receipt of the interest payment but may have foreign 
currency gain or loss attributable to the actual disposition of the other currency received. Generally, a U.S. Holder that uses 
the accrual method of tax accounting will determine the U.S. dollar value of accrued interest income using the average rate of 
exchange for the accrual period (or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, at the average rate for the 
partial period within each taxable year). Alternatively, an accrual basis U.S. Holder may make an election (which must be 
applied consistently to all debt instruments from year-to-year and cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS) to 
translate accrued interest income at the spot rate of exchange on the last day of the accrual period (or the last day of the 
portion of the accrual period within each taxable year in the case of a partial accrual period). A U.S. Holder that uses the 
accrual method of accounting for tax purposes will recognise foreign currency gain or loss on the receipt of an interest 
payment if the exchange rate in effect on the date payment is received differs from the rate used in translating the accrual of 
that interest. The amount of foreign currency gain or loss to be recognised by such U.S. Holder will be an amount equal to the 
difference between the U.S. dollar value of the interest payment in the other currency (determined on the basis of the spot rate 
on the date the interest income that has accrued during the accrual period (as determined above) regardless of whether the 
payment is in fact converted to U.S. dollars. This foreign currency gain or loss will be ordinary income or loss and generally 
will not be treated as an adjustment to interest income or expense, and generally will be U.S. source provided that the 
residence of the U.S. Holder is considered to be the United States for purposes of the rules governing foreign currency gain 
or loss. 
Original Issue Discount 
General. The following is a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership of 
Notes issued with original issue discount (“OID”). 
A Note will be treated as issued with OID (a “Discount Note”) if the excess of the Note’s “stated redemption price at 
maturity” over its issue price is at least a de minimis amount (0.25% of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity

--- Page 310 ---
291 
multiplied by the number of complete years to its maturity from its issue date). Generally, the “issue price” of a Note is the 
first price at which a substantial amount of such Notes included in the issue of which the Note is a part is sold to Persons 
other than bond houses, brokers or similar Persons acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents, or wholesalers. 
The “stated redemption price at maturity” of a Note is the total of all payments provided by the Note that are not payments of 
“qualified stated interest.” A “qualified stated interest” payment is generally any one of a series of stated interest payments 
on a security that are unconditionally payable at least annually at a single fixed rate (with certain exceptions for lower rates 
paid during some periods), or a variable rate, applied to the outstanding principal amount of such security. If a Note has de 
minimis OID, a U.S. Holder must include the de minimis amount in income as stated principal payments are made on the 
Note, unless the holder makes the election described below under “-Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount.” 
A U.S. Holder can determine the includible amount with respect to each such payment by multiplying the total amount of the 
Note’s de minimis OID by a fraction equal to the amount of the principal payment made divided by the stated principal 
amount of the Note. 
U.S. Holders of Discount Notes must generally include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield method before 
the receipt of cash attributable to the income, and will generally have to include in income increasingly greater amounts of 
OID over the life of the Discount Notes. The amount of OID includible in income by a U.S. Holder of a Discount Note is the 
sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the Discount Note for each day during the taxable year or portion of the 
taxable year on which the U.S. Holder holds the Discount Note (“accrued OID”). The daily portion is determined by 
allocating to each day in any accrual period a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period. Accrual periods 
with respect to a Note may be of any length selected by the U.S. Holder and may vary in length over the term of the Discount 
Note as long as: (a) no accrual period is longer than one year and (b) each scheduled payment of interest or principal on the 
Note occurs on either the final or first day of an accrual period. The amount of OID allocable to an accrual period equals the 
excess of: (i) the product of the Discount Note’s adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period and the Discount 
Note’s yield to maturity (determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period and properly adjusted 
for the length of the accrual period) over (ii) the sum of the payments of qualified stated interest on the Discount Note 
allocable to the accrual period. The “adjusted issue price” of a Discount Note at the beginning of any accrual period is the 
issue price of the Note increased by: (x) the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual period and decreased by (y) the 
amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Variable Rate Debt Instruments. Interest payments on a “variable rate debt instrument” (“VRDI”) may be considered 
qualified stated interest. For this purpose, a Note is a VRDI if it is an instrument that: (a) has an issue price that does not 
exceed the total noncontingent principal payments by more than an amount equal to the lesser of: (i) 0.015 multiplied by the 
product of such total noncontingent principal payments and the number of complete years to maturity of the Note (or in the 
case of Notes providing for payment of principal in instalments, the weighted average maturity) and (ii) 15% of the total 
noncontingent principal payments, (b) provides for stated interest (compounded or paid at least annually) at the current value 
of: (i) one or more qualified floating rates (as defined below), (ii) a single fixed rate followed by one or more qualified 
floating rates, (iii) a single objective rate (as defined below) or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single objective rate (as defined 
below) that is a qualified inverse floating rate (as defined below) and (c) does not provide for any principal payments that are 
contingent. 
If a Note that provides for a variable rate of interest does not qualify as a VRDI, then such Note would be a 
“contingent payment debt instrument” (“CPDI”) subject to rules set forth in the Treasury regulations that address the U.S. 
federal income tax treatment of such instruments. A description of any material U.S. federal income tax considerations 
relevant to U.S. Holders of such Notes will be set forth in the applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
A “qualified floating rate” is a floating rate under which variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to measure 
contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which the Note is denominated. A 
multiple of a qualified floating rate is not a qualified floating rate unless the relevant spread multiplier is: (a) fixed at a 
number that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35 or (b) fixed at a number that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 
1.35, increased or decreased by a fixed rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, stated interest on a Note that is subject to a 
maximum or minimum interest rate limitation (i.e., a cap or floor), a restriction on the amount of increase or decrease in such 
rate (i.e., a governor) or other similar restrictions generally will not be treated as a qualified floating rate. However, a 
restriction will not cause a variable rate to fail to be a qualified floating rate if it is a cap, floor or governor that is fixed 
throughout the term of the Note or is a cap, floor, governor or similar restriction that is not reasonably expected on the issue 
date to cause the yield on the Note to be significantly less than (in the case of a cap), significantly more than (in the case of a 
floor), or significantly different from (in the case of a governor), the expected yield determined without such cap, floor or

--- Page 311 ---
292 
governor, as the case may be. In addition, two or more qualified floating rates that can reasonably be expected to have 
approximately the same values throughout the term of the variable rate note (e.g., two or more qualified floating rates with 
values within 25 basis points (i.e., 0.25%) of each other as determined on the Note’s issue date) will be treated as a single 
qualified floating rate. An “objective rate” is a rate (other than a qualified floating rate) that is determined using a single fixed 
formula and that is based upon objective financial or economic information; provided, however, that an objective rate does 
not include a rate based on information that is within the control of the Bank (or a related party within the meaning of the 
applicable statutory provisions) or that is unique to the circumstances of the Bank (or a related party within the meaning of 
the applicable statutory provisions), other than the Bank’s credit quality, such as dividends, profits or the value of the Bank’s 
stock. A variable rate is not an objective rate; however, if it is reasonably expected that the average value of the rate during 
the first half of the Note’s term will be either significantly less than or significantly greater than the average value of the rate 
during the final half of the Note’s term. A “qualified inverse floating rate” is an objective rate: (i) that is equal to a fixed rate 
minus a qualified floating rate and (ii) the variations in which can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect 
contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds. If a debt instrument provides for stated interest at a fixed 
rate for an initial period of one year or less followed by a variable rate that is either a qualified floating rate or an objective 
rate and if the variable rate on the debt instrument’s issue date is intended to approximate the fixed rate (e.g., the value of the 
variable rate on the issue date does not differ from the value of the fixed rate by more than 25 basis points (i.e., 0.25%)), then 
the fixed rate and the variable rate together will constitute either a single qualified floating rate or objective rate, as the case 
may be. 
Under the OID rules, if a Note qualifies as a VRDI that provides for interest at a single qualified floating rate or a 
single objective rate and that rate is payable unconditionally at least annually, then all of the interest is treated as qualified 
stated interest. Therefore, such a Note will not have original issue discount unless its stated principal amount exceeds the 
price at which it is issued by an amount that is greater than or equal to the de minimis amount. If a Note qualifying as a VRDI 
provides for interest at more than a single qualified floating rate or a single objective rate, the rules for determining the 
amount and accrual of original issue discount and qualified stated interest on such a VRDI provide for the conversion of such 
debt instrument into an equivalent fixed rate debt instrument and the application of the general rules regarding original issue 
discount to such debt instrument. The OID rules generally require that such a Note be converted into an equivalent fixed rate 
debt instrument by substituting any qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate provided for under the terms of 
the VRDI for a fixed rate equal to the value of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, as the case may be, 
as of the Note’s issue date. Under such rules, the qualified stated interest allocable to an accrual period based upon such 
assumed fixed rate is increased or decreased, as the case may be, if the interest actually paid during such accrual period 
exceeds, or is less than, the interest assumed to be paid during the accrual period based upon such assumed fixed rate. If a 
Note qualifying as a VRDI provides for stated interest at a fixed rate in addition to either one or more qualified floating rates 
or a qualified inverse floating rate, then the fixed rate is initially converted into a qualified floating rate (or a qualified inverse 
floating rate, if the Note provides for a qualified inverse floating rate). Under such circumstances, the qualified floating rate 
or qualified inverse floating rate that replaces the fixed rate must be such that the fair market value of an investment in the 
Note as of the Note’s issue date is approximately the same as the fair market value of an otherwise identical debt instrument 
that provides for either the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate rather than the fixed rate. After converting 
the fixed rate into either a qualified floating rate or a qualified inverse floating rate, the Note is then converted into an 
equivalent fixed rate debt instrument and subject to the general rules regarding original issue discount, as described above.
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount. A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all 
interest that accrues on a Note using the constant-yield method described above under “- Original Issue Discount - General” 
with certain modifications. For purposes of this election, interest includes stated interest, OID, and de minimis OID. If a U.S. 
Holder makes this election for the Note, then, when the constant-yield method is applied, the issue price of the Note will 
equal its cost, the issue date of the Note will be the date of acquisition, and no payments on the Note will be treated as 
payments of qualified stated interest. This election will generally apply only to the Note with respect to which it is made and 
may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
Sale, Exchange and Redemption of Notes 
Upon the sale, exchange, redemption, retirement at maturity or other taxable disposition of a Note, a U.S. Holder 
generally will recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised (i.e., the amount of cash and 
the fair market value of any property received on the disposition (except to the extent the cash or property received is 
attributable to accrued and unpaid interest not previously included in income, which is treated like a payment of interest)) and 
the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Note generally will equal the amount paid for the Note,

--- Page 312 ---
293 
increased by the amount of any OID included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note and the amount, if any, of 
income attributable to de minimis OID included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note. If a U.S. Holder 
purchases a Note with a currency other than U.S. dollars, then the U.S. dollar cost of such investment generally will be the 
U.S. dollar value of the purchase price on the date of purchase calculated at the spot rate of exchange on that date. The 
amount realised upon the disposition of a Note generally will be the U.S. dollar value of the amount received on the date of 
the disposition calculated at the spot rate of exchange on that date; however, if the Note is traded on an established securities 
market, a cash basis U.S. Holder (and, if it so elects, an accrual basis U.S. Holder) should determine the U.S. dollar value of 
the cost of or amount received on the Note, as applicable, by translating the amount paid or received at the spot rate of 
exchange on the settlement date of the purchase or disposition, as applicable. The election available to accrual basis U.S. 
Holders in respect of the purchase and disposition of Notes traded on an established securities market must be applied 
consistently to all debt instruments from year-to-year and cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS. Subject to the 
foreign currency rules discussed below, any gain or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange or other 
disposition of a Note will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the Note was held by the U.S. 
Holder for more than one year. Gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Note generally will be 
U.S. source. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to significant limitations. U.S. Holders should consult their advisors 
about the availability of U.S. foreign tax credits or deductions with respect to any Turkish taxes imposed upon a disposition 
of Notes. 
Gain or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition of a Note will 
generally be treated as ordinary income or loss to the extent that the gain or loss is attributable to changes in foreign currency 
exchange rates during the period in which the U.S. Holder held such Note. Such foreign currency gain or loss will equal the 
difference between: (a) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price (in the other applicable currency) for the 
Note calculated at the spot rate of exchange on the date of the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition and (b) the U.S. 
dollar value of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price (in the other applicable currency) for the Note calculated at the spot rate of 
exchange on the date of purchase of the Note. If the Note is traded on an established securities market, with respect to a cash 
basis U.S. Holder (and, if it so elects, an accrual basis U.S. Holder), such foreign currency gain or loss will equal the 
difference between: (i) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price (in the other applicable currency) for the 
Note calculated at the spot rate of exchange on the settlement date of the disposition and (ii) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. 
Holder’s purchase price (in the other applicable currency) for the Note calculated at the spot rate of exchange on the 
settlement date of the purchase of the Note. The realisation of any foreign currency gain or loss, including foreign currency 
gain or loss with respect to amounts attributable to accrued and unpaid stated interest, will be limited to the amount of overall 
gain or loss realised on the disposition of the Notes. 
Exchange of Amounts in other than U.S. dollars
If a U.S. Holder of a Note receives a currency other than U.S. dollars as interest on a Note or on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other disposition of a Note, then such U.S. Holder’s tax basis in such other currency will equal its U.S. dollar 
value when the interest is received or at the time of the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition. If a U.S. Holder of a 
Note purchased such Note with previously owned non-U.S. currency, then gain or loss will be recognised in an amount equal 
to the difference, if any, between the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in such currency and the spot rate on the date of purchase. Any 
such gain or loss generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss and will be treated as from sources within the United 
States provided that the residence of the U.S. Holder is considered to be the United States for purposes of the rule governing 
foreign currency transactions. 
Floating Rate Amendments 
As described in Condition 6.7, the interest rate payable on a Floating Rate Note might be subject to change after a 
Benchmark Event (such change, a “Base Rate Modification”). It is possible that a Base Rate Modification will be treated as a 
deemed exchange of such Notes for new securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which might be a taxable event for 
U.S. holders. In addition, the potential for a Base Rate Modification might also affect the calculation of OID. In addition to 
existing regulations, the Treasury Department released proposed regulations describing circumstances under which a Base 
Rate Modification (or other related adjustments to the calculations of the interest rate on securities) with respect to securities 
paying interest at an interbank offered rate would not be treated as a deemed exchange of such securities for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes and would not affect the calculation of OID. Generally, an alteration of the terms of such a debt 
instrument to replace a rate referencing an interbank offered rate with a “qualified rate” as defined in the proposed regulations, 
and associated alterations reasonably necessary to adopt or implement that replacement, would not be treated as a deemed

--- Page 313 ---
294 
exchange and would not affect the calculation of OID. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, it cannot be determined 
whether the final regulations on this issue will contain the same standards as the proposed regulations. U.S. Holders of 
Floating Rate Notes should consult with their tax advisors regarding the potential consequences of a Base Rate Modification. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Information returns may be filed with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) (unless the U.S. Holder 
establishes, if requested to do so, that it is an exempt recipient) in connection with payments on the Notes and the proceeds 
from the sale, exchange or other disposition of Notes. If information reports are required to be made, then a U.S. Holder may 
be subject to U.S. backup withholding if it fails to provide its taxpayer identification number or to establish that it is exempt 
from backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. The amount of any backup withholding imposed upon 
a payment will be allowed as a credit against any U.S. federal income tax liability of a U.S. Holder and may entitle the U.S. 
Holder to a refund, provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding any filing and reporting obligations they might have as 
a result of their acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes. 
Reportable Transaction Reporting 
Under certain U.S. Treasury regulations, U.S. Holders that participate in “reportable transactions” (as defined in the 
regulations) must attach to their U.S. federal income tax returns a disclosure statement on IRS Form 8886. Under the relevant 
rules, a U.S. Holder may be required to treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Notes as a reportable transaction if 
this loss exceeds the relevant threshold in the regulations. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisers as to the 
possible obligation to file IRS Form 8886 with respect to the ownership or disposition of the Notes, or any related transaction, 
including (without limitation) any non-U.S. currency received as interest or as proceeds from the sale, exchange, retirement 
or other disposition of the Notes. 
Medicare Tax 
Certain U.S. Holders who are individuals, estates or non-exempt trusts must pay an additional 3.8% tax on, among 
other things, interest on and capital gains from the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of Notes. U.S. Holders should 
consult their tax advisers regarding the effect, if any, of this tax on their investment in the Notes. 
Certain Turkish Tax Considerations 
The following discussion is a summary of certain Turkish tax considerations relating to an investment in the Notes 
by a Person who is a non-resident of Turkey. References to “resident” in this section refer to tax residents of Turkey and 
references to “non-resident” in this section refer to Persons who are not tax resident in Turkey. 
The discussion is based upon current law and is for general information only. The discussion below is not intended 
to constitute a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Notes that 
may be relevant to a decision to make an investment in the Notes. Furthermore, the discussion only relates to the investment 
by a Person in the Notes where the Notes will not be held in connection with the conduct of a trade or business through a 
permanent establishment in Turkey. Each investor should consult its own tax advisers concerning the tax considerations 
applicable to its particular situation. This discussion is based upon laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, all of which are subject to change, possibly with a retroactive effect. In addition, it does not 
describe any tax consequences: (a) arising under the laws of any taxing jurisdiction other than Turkey or (b) applicable to a 
resident of Turkey or a permanent establishment in Turkey resulting either from the existence of a fixed place of business or 
appointment of a permanent representative. 
For Turkish tax purposes, a legal entity is a resident of Turkey if its corporate domicile is in Turkey or its effective 
place of management is in Turkey. A resident legal entity is subject to Turkish taxes on its worldwide income, whereas a 
non-resident legal entity is only liable for Turkish taxes on its trading income made through a permanent establishment or on 
income otherwise sourced in Turkey.

--- Page 314 ---
295 
An individual is a resident of Turkey if such individual has established domicile in Turkey or stays in Turkey more 
than six months in a calendar year. On the other hand, foreign individuals who stay in Turkey for six months or more for a 
specific job or business or particular purposes that are specified in the Turkish Income Tax Law might not be treated as a 
resident of Turkey depending upon the characteristics of their stay. A resident individual is liable for Turkish taxes on his or 
her worldwide income, whereas a non-resident individual is only liable for Turkish taxes on income sourced in Turkey. 
Income from capital investment is sourced in Turkey when the principal is invested in Turkey. Capital gain derived 
from trading income is considered sourced in Turkey when the activity or transaction generating such income is performed or 
accounted for in Turkey. The term “accounted for” means that a payment is made in Turkey, or if the payment is made 
abroad, it is recorded in the books in Turkey or apportioned from the profits of the payer or the Person on whose behalf the 
payment is made in Turkey. 
Any withholding tax levied on income derived by a non-resident is the final tax for such non-resident and no further 
declaration is required. Any other income of a non-resident sourced in Turkey that has not been subject to withholding tax 
will be subject to taxation through declaration where treaty relief and exemptions are reserved. 
Interest paid on debt instruments (such as the Notes) issued abroad by a resident corporation is subject to 
withholding tax as regulated through the Tax Decrees. The withholding tax rates are set according to the original maturity of 
notes issued abroad by resident corporations as follows: 
(a) 7% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of less than one year, 
(b) 3% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of at least one year and less than 
three years, and 
(c) 0% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of three years or more. 
Interest income derived by a resident corporation or resident individual is subject to further declaration and the 
withholding tax paid can be credited against the income tax calculated on the tax return. For resident individuals, the entire 
amount is required to be declared as taxable income if the interest income derived exceeds TL 53,000 (for the income derived 
in 2021) together with the income from other marketable securities, rental income from immovable property and salaries 
(except for salaries referred to under Article 86/1 of the Turkish Income Tax Law); provided that they were all subjected to 
income taxation through withholding. For resident corporations, interest income at any amount is subject to declaration. 
In general, capital gains are not taxed through withholding tax and therefore any capital gain sourced in Turkey with 
respect to the Notes may be subject to declaration; however, pursuant to Provisional Article 67 (which is effective until 
31 December 2025) of the Turkish Income Tax Law, as amended by laws numbered 6111, 6555 and 7256, special or separate 
tax returns will not be submitted for capital gains from the notes of a resident corporation issued abroad when the income is 
derived by a non-resident. Therefore, no tax is levied on non-residents in respect of capital gains from the Notes and no 
declaration is required. 
A non-resident holder will not be liable for Turkish estate, inheritance or similar tax with respect to its investment in 
the Notes, nor will it be liable for any Turkish stamp issue, registration or similar tax or duty relating thereto. 
Capital gains realised by a resident corporation or individual on the sale or redemption of the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) are subject to income tax or corporate (income) tax declaration. The general rate of corporate income tax in 
Turkey is 25% and 23% for fiscal periods that start in 2021 and 2022, respectively, increased from 22% for fiscal periods that 
started in 2018, 2019 and 2020, and the rate for individuals’ income tax ranges from 15% to 40% at progressive rates. The 
capital gains are, in principle, calculated in local currency terms and resident individuals’ acquisition cost can be increased at 
the Producer Price Index’s rate of increase for each month except for the month of discharge, so long as such index increased 
by at least 10%.

--- Page 315 ---
296 
Reduced Withholding Tax Rates 
Under current laws in Turkey, interest payments on notes issued abroad by a resident corporation will be subject to a 
withholding tax at a rate between 7% and 0% (inclusive) in Turkey, as detailed above. 
If a double taxation treaty is in effect between Turkey and the country of which the holder of the notes is an income 
tax resident (in some cases, for example, pursuant to the treaties with the United Kingdom and the United States, the term 
“beneficial owner” is used) that provides for the application of a lower withholding tax rate than the local rate to be applied 
by the issuer corporation, then the lower rate may be applicable. For the application of withholding at a reduced rate that 
benefits from the provisions of a double tax treaty concluded between Turkey and the country in which the investor is an 
income tax resident, an original copy of the certificate of residence signed by the competent authority is required, with a 
translated copy certified by a notary or the Turkish embassy in the relevant country to verify that the investor is subject to 
taxation over its worldwide gains in the relevant country on the basis of resident taxpayer status, as a resident of such country 
to the related tax office directly or through the banks and intermediary institutions prior to the application of withholding. In 
the event the certificate of residence is not delivered prior to the application of withholding tax, then upon the subsequent 
delivery of the certificate of residence, a refund of the excess tax shall be granted pursuant to the provisions of the relevant 
double taxation treaty and the Turkish tax legislation. 
Value Added Tax 
Bond issuances and interest payments on bonds are exempt from Turkey’s value added tax pursuant to 
Article 17/4(g) of the Value Added Tax Law (Law No. 3065), as amended pursuant to the Turkish Tax Bill Regarding 
Improvement of the Investment Environment (Law No. 6728) published in the Official Gazette dated 9 August 2016 and 
numbered 29796. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” (as defined in FATCA) (a “ Foreign Financial Institution”) 
may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“Foreign Passthru Payments”) to payees who fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is a Foreign Financial Institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Turkey) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under 
the provisions of IGAs as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus, a Foreign Financial Institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or such IGA from payments that it makes; however, 
there can be no assurance that it will not be required to do so in the future. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the 
Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
Foreign Passthru Payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or that are not 
otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date 
that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining Foreign Passthru Payments are published generally would 
be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date; however, if additional 
Notes (see Condition 17) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents might treat all Notes, including 
Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules might apply to their investment in the Notes. If any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, then, in accordance with 
Condition 9.1, in no event will the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other Person be required to pay any Additional Amounts 
or other amounts in respect of the Notes (including on Coupons) for, or on account of, any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common financial transaction tax (“FTT”) that might apply in certain Member States of the EU (the 
“Participating Member States”); however, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. The Commission’s Proposal

--- Page 316 ---
297 
has very broad scope and might, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market 
transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to Persons both within and outside 
of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a 
financial institution and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial institution might be, or 
be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including: (a) by 
transacting with a Person established in a Participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument that is subject to 
the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State; however, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation among the 
Participating Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus. Participating Member States might decide to withdraw and additional Member States of 
the EU might decide to participate. Prospective investors in the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in 
relation to the FTT and its potential impact on the Notes.

--- Page 317 ---
298 
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER U.S. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
Subject to the following discussion, the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be acquired with assets of an 
“employee benefit plan” (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA), that is subject to Title I of ERISA, a “plan” as defined in and 
subject to Section 4975 of the Code and any entity deemed to hold “plan assets” of any of the foregoing (each a “Benefit Plan 
Investor”), as well as by governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in 
Section 3(33) of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA) (collectively, with Benefit Plan 
Investors, referred to as “Plans”). Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit a Benefit Plan Investor from 
engaging in certain transactions with Persons who are “parties in interest” under ERISA or “disqualified persons” under the 
Code with respect to such Benefit Plan Investor. A violation of these “prohibited transaction” rules might result in an excise 
tax or other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code for such Persons or the fiduciaries of such Benefit Plan 
Investor. In addition, Title I of ERISA requires fiduciaries of a Benefit Plan Investor subject to ERISA to make investments 
that are prudent, diversified and in accordance with the governing plan documents. Governmental plans, certain church plans 
and non-U.S. plans are not subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA and the prohibited transaction 
provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; however, such Plans might be subject to any applicable 
state, local, other federal or non-U.S. law that is substantially similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code 
(“Similar Law”). 
An investment in the Notes by or on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor could give rise to a prohibited transaction if 
the Bank, an Arranger, a Dealer, an Agent, the Listing Agent or any of their respective affiliates is or becomes a party in 
interest or a “disqualified person” with respect to such Benefit Plan Investor. Certain exemptions from the prohibited 
transaction rules could be applicable to the acquisition or holding of an investment in the Notes by a Benefit Plan Investor 
depending upon the type and circumstances of the plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire such investment and the 
relationship of the party in interest or “disqualified person” to the Benefit Plan Investor. Included among these exemptions 
are: Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code for certain transactions between a Benefit Plan 
Investor and Persons who are parties in interest or “disqualified persons” solely by reason of providing services to the Benefit 
Plan Investor or being affiliated with such service providers; Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 96-23, 
regarding transactions effected by “in-house asset managers;” PTCE 95-60, regarding investments by insurance company 
general accounts; PTCE 91-38, regarding investments by bank collective investment funds; PTCE 90-1, regarding 
investments by insurance company pooled separate accounts; and PTCE 84-14, regarding transactions effected by “qualified 
professional asset managers.” Even if the conditions specified in one or more of these exemptions are met, the scope of the 
relief provided by these exemptions might or might not cover all acts that might be construed as prohibited transactions. 
There can be no assurance that any of these, or any other exemption, will be available with respect to any particular 
transaction involving the Notes, and prospective investors that are Benefit Plan Investors should consult with their legal 
advisors regarding the applicability of any such exemption. 
By acquiring a Note (or a beneficial interest therein), each purchaser and transferee (and if the purchaser or 
transferee is a Plan, then its fiduciary) is deemed to represent and warrant that either: (a) it is not, and for so long as it holds 
the Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not be, acquiring or holding a Note (or a beneficial interest therein) with the 
assets of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Plan that is subject to Similar Law, or (b) the acquisition, holding and disposition of the 
Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of Similar Law. 
Prospective investors in the Notes are advised to consult their advisers with respect to the matters discussed above 
and other applicable legal requirements.

--- Page 318 ---
299 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 5 May 2021 (such agreement as further 
amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”), agreed (or, when acceding thereto, 
will agree) with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein). Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes.” In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of 
their expenses in connection with the establishment, this update and any future update of the Programme and the issue of 
Notes under the Programme and to indemnify each Dealer, their respective affiliates and each person who controls any 
Dealer (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and each of their 
respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against certain losses, claims, costs, expenses, damages, 
demands or liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. The Programme Agreement provides that the obligation of 
any Dealer to purchase Notes (or beneficial interests therein) under any agreement for the issue and purchase of such Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) is subject to certain conditions. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, any 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein) sold to one or more Dealer(s) as principal will be purchased by such Dealer(s) at a price 
as may be set forth in the relevant Final Terms less a percentage of the principal amount equal to a commission as agreed 
upon by the Issuer and such Dealer(s). After the initial offering of a Tranche of Notes, the offering price may be changed. 
Any offers and sales of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) in the United States may only be made by those 
Dealers or their affiliates that are registered broker-dealers under the Exchange Act or in accordance with Rule 15a-6 
thereunder. 
One or more Dealer(s) participating in the offering of any Tranche of Notes might engage in transactions that 
stabilise, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the relevant Notes (or beneficial interests therein) during and after 
the offering of the Tranche. Specifically, such Person(s) might overallot or create a short position in the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) for their own account by selling more Notes (or beneficial interests therein) than have been sold to them by 
the Issuer. Such Person(s) might also elect to cover any such short position by purchasing Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) in the open market. In addition, such Person(s) might stabilise or maintain the market price of an investment in the 
Notes by bidding for or purchasing Notes (or beneficial interests therein) in the open market and might impose penalty bids, 
under which selling concessions allowed to syndicate members or other broker-dealers participating in the offering of the 
Notes are reclaimed if Notes (or beneficial interests therein) previously distributed in the offering are repurchased in 
connection with stabilisation transactions or otherwise. The effect of these transactions might be to stabilise or maintain the 
market price of an investment in the Notes at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. The 
imposition of a penalty bid might also affect the market price of an investment in the Notes to the extent that it discourages 
resales thereof. No representation is made as to the magnitude or effect of any such stabilising or other transactions. Such 
transactions, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time. Under English law, stabilisation activities may only be carried 
on by the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or Persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) and only for a limited period 
following the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Investors in the Notes who wish to trade interests in Notes on their trade date or otherwise before the applicable 
Issue Date should consult their own adviser. 
All or certain of the Dealers, the Arrangers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions 
engaged in various activities, which might include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, 
investment management, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. The Dealers, the Arrangers and/or 
certain of their respective affiliates might have performed investment banking and advisory services for the Issuer and/or the 
Issuer’s affiliates from time to time for which they might have received fees, expenses, reimbursements and/or other 
compensation. The Dealers, the Arrangers and/or certain of their respective affiliates might, from time to time, engage in 
transactions with and perform advisory and other services for the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s affiliates in the ordinary course of 
their business. Certain of the Dealers, the Arrangers and/or their respective affiliates have acted and expect in the future to act 
as a lender to the Issuer and/or other members of the Group and/or otherwise participate in transactions with the Group. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers, the Arrangers and their respective 
affiliates might make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities might involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and/or its affiliates. In

--- Page 319 ---
300 
addition, certain of the Dealers, the Arrangers and/or their respective affiliates that have a credit relationship with the Issuer 
and/or any other member of the Group might from time to time hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and/or other 
members of the Group pursuant to their customary risk management policies. Typically, the Dealers, the Arrangers and their 
respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions that consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such short positions might 
adversely affect the trading price of an investment in the Notes. 
The Dealers, the Arrangers and their respective affiliates might also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and might hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and/or instruments.

--- Page 320 ---
301 
TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
As a result of the following restrictions, investors in the Notes are advised to consult legal counsel prior to 
making any purchase, offer, sale, resale, pledge or other transfer of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
Each purchaser and transferee (and if the purchaser or transferee is a Plan, then its fiduciary) of Registered Notes (or 
a beneficial interest therein) (other than a Person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note with a view to holding it 
in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or a Person wishing to transfer an interest from one Registered Global 
Note to another or from global to definitive form (or vice versa) will be required to acknowledge, represent, warrant and 
agree, and each Person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note with a view to holding it in the form of an interest 
in the same Global Note will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and agreed, as follows (terms used in this 
paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) that it is not an “affiliate” (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act) of the Bank and is not acting 
on the Bank’s behalf and it is either: (i) a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) for 
its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance 
upon Rule 144A, (ii) an Institutional Accredited Investor that has delivered a duly executed IAI Investment Letter or 
(iii) not a U.S. person and is purchasing or acquiring the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) in a transaction 
pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, 
(b) that the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a 
public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that such Notes (or a beneficial 
interest therein) have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. 
federal or state securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below, 
(c) that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Registered Global Note and is not a U.S. person, if in 
the future it decides to offer, resell, assign, transfer, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose of the Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein), it will do so, prior to the date that is one year (or such shorter period of time as 
permitted by Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any successor provision thereunder) after the later of the last Issue 
Date for such Notes and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner of such Notes or 
beneficial interests, only: (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) to a Person whom the seller reasonably believes 
is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of 
Rule 144A, (iii) in an offshore transaction in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act, (iv) 
pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) or (v) 
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of the United States and all other jurisdictions; such investor acknowledges that the Bank 
reserves the right prior to any offer, sale or other transfer of a Rule 144A Global Note (or a beneficial interest 
therein) pursuant to clause (iv) or (v) to require the delivery of an opinion of counsel, certifications and/or other 
information satisfactory to the Bank, 
(d) that it will give to each Person to whom it transfers a Note (or a beneficial interest therein) notice of any 
restrictions on the transfer of such Note (or a beneficial interest therein) in this section, 
(e) that Notes (or beneficial interests therein) initially offered to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A will be 
represented by one or more Rule 144A Global Note(s), that Notes (or beneficial interests therein) offered to 
Institutional Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act will be in the form of IAI 
Definitive Notes or one or more IAI Global Note(s) and that Notes (or beneficial interests therein) offered in 
offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S will be represented by one or more 
Regulation S Note(s),

--- Page 321 ---
302 
(f) that each Note issued pursuant to Rule 144A will bear a legend substantially in the following form 
(with, if in definitive form, appropriate revisions) unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES 
OF AMERICA OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, 
ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR 
THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS 
ACQUISITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), EACH HOLDER OF THIS 
NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN): (a) REPRESENTS (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO 
REPRESENT) THAT IT IS A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN) FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER(S), (b) AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE) ON ITS OWN 
BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HOLDS THIS NOTE 
(OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, ASSIGN, 
TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBER OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF SUCH SECURITIES EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS ONE 
YEAR (OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THEREUNDER) AFTER THE LATER OF 
THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES OF WHICH THIS NOTE IS A PART AND THE LAST 
DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN: (i) 
TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (ii) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (iii) FOR SO LONG AS THIS NOTE 
IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, TO A 
PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYER PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, 
(iv) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION COMPLYING WITH RULE 903 OR 904 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR (v) PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND ALL OTHER 
JURISDICTIONS; PROVIDED THAT THE ISSUER SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY 
SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (iv) OR (v) ABOVE TO REQUIRE 
THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATIONS AND/OR OTHER 
INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER, AND (c) AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED 
TO AGREE) THAT IT WILL GIVE TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE 
IS OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE 
DISPOSED OF A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. NO 
REPRESENTATION IS MADE BY THE ISSUER AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN). 
[FOR GLOBAL NOTES CLEARING THROUGH DTC: UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS 
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST 
COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR 
REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE 
ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED 
IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR 
TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF 
DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY

--- Page 322 ---
303 
OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS 
MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE 
THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE, 
AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND.] 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE IS 
A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL 
BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE THAT EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR 
SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, 
ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE 
ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND 
SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED 
(THE “CODE”), (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” OF 
ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR NON-U.S. LAW THAT IS 
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE 
(“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR 
A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE 
OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND 
HOLDERS OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS 
MADE HEREON).”, 
(g) that each IAI Note will bear a legend in the following form (with, if an IAI Definitive Note, appropriate 
revisions) unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES 
OF AMERICA OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, 
ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR 
THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS

--- Page 323 ---
304 
ACQUISITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), EACH HOLDER OF THIS 
NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN): (a) REPRESENTS (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO 
REPRESENT) THAT IT IS AN “ACCREDITED INVESTOR” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), 
(3), OR (7) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) THAT IS AN INSTITUTION, (b) AGREES (OR SHALL 
BE DEEMED TO AGREE) ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR 
ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) THAT IT 
WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, ASSIGN, TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBER OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE 
OF SUCH SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT, THE 
TERMS OF THE IAI INVESTMENT LETTER IT EXECUTED IN CONNECTION WITH ITS 
PURCHASE OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE 
THAT IS ONE YEAR (OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THEREUNDER) AFTER THE 
LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES OF WHICH THIS NOTE IS A PART AND 
THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES 
OTHER THAN: (i) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (ii) PURSUANT TO AN 
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (iii) FOR SO LONG 
AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT, TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
RULE 144A, (iv) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION COMPLYING WITH RULE 903 OR 904 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (v) PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION 
FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH CASE, 
IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND ALL OTHER 
JURISDICTIONS; PROVIDED THAT THE ISSUER SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY 
SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (iv) OR (v) ABOVE TO REQUIRE 
THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATIONS AND/OR OTHER 
INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER, AND (c) AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED 
TO AGREE) THAT IT WILL GIVE TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE 
IS OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE 
DISPOSED OF A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. NO 
REPRESENTATION IS MADE BY THE ISSUER AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN). 
[FOR GLOBAL NOTES CLEARING THROUGH DTC: UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS 
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST 
COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR 
REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE 
ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED 
IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR 
TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF 
DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY 
OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS 
MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE 
THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE, 
AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND.]

--- Page 324 ---
305 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE IS 
A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL 
BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE THAT EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR 
SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, 
ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE 
ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND 
SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED 
(THE “CODE”), (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” OF 
ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR NON-U.S. LAW THAT IS 
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE 
(“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR 
A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE 
OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND 
HOLDERS OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS 
MADE HEREON).”, 
(h) if it holds a Definitive Regulation S Registered Note or a beneficial interest in a Regulation S 
Registered Global Note, then if it should offer, resell, assign, transfer, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose such 
Note (or beneficial interest) prior to the expiration of a 40 day period after the later of the commencement of the 
offering to Persons other than distributors and the applicable Issue Date (the “Distribution Compliance Period”), it 
will do so only: (i)(A) in an offshore transaction in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (B) 
to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A, and (ii) in accordance with all applicable U.S. federal and state securities 
laws; and it acknowledges that such Notes (with appropriate revisions) will bear a legend in the following form 
unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES 
OF AMERICA OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, 
ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF: (a) WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT) UNLESS THE TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND (b) EXCEPT IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND ALL 
OTHER JURISDICTIONS. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN) BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AGREES

--- Page 325 ---
306 
(OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE) ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY 
INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN) THAT NO OFFER, SALE, ASSIGNMENT, TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBRANCE OR 
OTHER DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL BE MADE 
TO A U.S. PERSON PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF A 40 DAY PERIOD AFTER THE LATER OF 
THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE OFFERING TO PERSONS OTHER THAN DISTRIBUTORS AND 
THE ISSUE DATE OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART. 
[FOR GLOBAL NOTES CLEARING THROUGH DTC: UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS 
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST 
COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR 
REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE 
ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED 
IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR 
TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF 
DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY 
OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS 
MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE 
THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE, 
AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND.] 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE IS 
A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL 
BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE THAT EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR 
SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, 
ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE 
ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND 
SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED 
(THE “CODE”), (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” OF 
ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR NON-U.S. LAW THAT IS 
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE 
(“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR 
A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE 
OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST

--- Page 326 ---
307 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND 
HOLDERS OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS 
MADE HEREON).”, 
(i) if it holds a Definitive Bearer Note or a beneficial interest in a Bearer Global Note, then if it should 
offer, resell, assign, transfer, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose such Note (or beneficial interest) prior to the 
expiration of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, it will do so only: (i)(A) in an offshore transaction in 
compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (B) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A, and (ii) in 
accordance with all applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws; and it acknowledges that such Notes (with 
appropriate revisions) will bear a legend in the following form unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES 
OF AMERICA OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, 
ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF: (a) WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT) UNLESS THE TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND (b) EXCEPT IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND ALL 
OTHER JURISDICTIONS. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN) BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AGREES 
(OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE) ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY 
INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN) THAT NO OFFER, SALE, ASSIGNMENT, TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBRANCE OR 
OTHER DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL BE MADE 
TO A U.S. PERSON PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF A 40 DAY PERIOD AFTER THE LATER OF 
THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE OFFERING TO PERSONS OTHER THAN DISTRIBUTORS AND 
THE ISSUE DATE OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART. 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE IS 
A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL 
BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE THAT EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR 
SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, 
ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE 
ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND 
SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED 
(THE “CODE”), (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” OF 
ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR NON-U.S. LAW THAT IS 
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE 
(“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR 
A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE 
OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE

--- Page 327 ---
308 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND 
HOLDERS OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS 
MADE HEREON).”, 
(j) that the Issuer, the Dealers and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees (or will be deemed to agree) that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it will promptly notify the 
Issuer and the applicable Dealer(s); and if it is acquiring any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) as a fiduciary or 
agent for one or more accounts it represents, that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account 
and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of 
each such account, 
(k) that either: (i) it is not, and for so long as it holds a Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not be, 
acquiring or holding such Note (or beneficial interest) with the assets of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Plan that is 
subject to Similar Law or (ii) the acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note (or a beneficial interest therein) 
will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the Code or a violation of Similar Law, 
(l) if such investor purchases a Registered Note (or any beneficial interest therein), then it will also be 
deemed to acknowledge that the Registrar will not be required to accept for registration of transfer any Notes 
acquired by it except upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to the Bank and the Registrar that the restrictions set 
forth herein have been complied with, and 
(m) acknowledges that none of the Bank, the Arrangers or the Dealers, or any Person representing the 
Bank, the Arrangers or the Dealers, has made any representation to it with respect to the Bank or the offer or sale of 
any of the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein), other than the information contained in this Base Prospectus or 
any applicable supplements hereto, which has been delivered to the investor and upon which such investor is relying 
in making its investment decision with respect to the Notes (or beneficial interests therein); it acknowledges that the 
Arrangers and the Dealers make no representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base 
Prospectus; it has had access to such financial and other information concerning the Bank and the applicable Notes 
as it has deemed necessary in connection with its decision to purchase such Notes (or a beneficial interest therein), 
including an opportunity to ask questions of and request information from the Bank and the applicable Dealer(s). 
Institutional Accredited Investors who invest in IAI Notes offered and sold in the United States as part of their 
original issuance in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act are 
required to execute and deliver to the Registrar an IAI Investment Letter. An IAI Investment Letter will state, among other 
things, the following: 
(a) that the applicable Institutional Accredited Investor has received a copy of this Base Prospectus and 
such other information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment decision, 
(b) that such Institutional Accredited Investor understands that such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) 
are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of 
the Securities Act, and that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other 
applicable U.S. federal or state securities laws and that any subsequent transfer of such Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) is subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in this Base Prospectus and such Notes (including 
those set out above) and that it agrees to be bound by, and not to reoffer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such

--- Page 328 ---
309 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein) except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities 
Act, 
(c) that, in the normal course of its business, the Institutional Accredited Investor invests in or purchases 
securities similar to the Notes, 
(d) that it is an Institutional Accredited Investor and has such knowledge and experience in financial and 
business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Notes, and it and any 
accounts for which it is acting are each able to bear the economic risk of its or any such accounts’ investment in the 
Notes for an indefinite period of time, 
(e) that such Institutional Accredited Investor is acquiring such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) for its 
own account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an Institutional Accredited Investor) as to each of which 
it exercises sole investment discretion and not with a view to any distribution of such Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein), subject, nevertheless, to the understanding that the disposition of its property shall at all times be and 
remain within its control, and 
(f) that, in the event that such Institutional Accredited Investor purchases Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein), it will acquire Notes (or beneficial interests therein) having a minimum purchase price of at least 
US$500,000 (or the approximate equivalent in another Specified Currency) (or such other amount set forth in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
Unless set forth in the applicable Final Terms otherwise, no sale of Legended Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) 
in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than US$200,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal 
amount or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, 
US$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Legended Note will be issued in connection with 
such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf of others, then each Person 
for whom it is acting must purchase at least US$200,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) or, in the case of sales to 
Institutional Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, US$500,000 (or its foreign currency 
equivalent) principal amount of Registered Notes (in each case, or such other amount as may be set forth in the applicable 
Final Terms). 
Pursuant to the BRSA decisions dated 6 May 2010 (No. 3665) and 30 September 2010 (No. 3875) and in accordance 
with Decree 32, residents of Turkey: (a) in the secondary markets only, may purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) denominated in a currency other than Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, 
and (b) in both the primary and secondary markets, may purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated 
in Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis; provided that, for both clauses (a) and (b), 
such purchase or sale complies with the Turkish Purchase Requirements. 
Selling Restrictions 
Turkey
The Issuer has obtained the CMB Approval from the CMB and the BRSA Approval from the BRSA required for the 
issuance of Notes under the Programme. The maximum debt instrument amount that the Bank may issue under the 
Programme Approvals is the Approved Issuance Limit; provided that the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of debt 
instruments denominated in Turkish Lira issued by the Bank (whether under this approval or otherwise) may not exceed 
TL 17,500,000,000. It should be noted that, regardless of the outstanding Note amount, unless the Bank obtains new 
approvals from the BRSA and the CMB, the aggregate debt instrument amount to be issued under the Programme Approvals 
may not exceed the Approved Issuance Limit. 
Pursuant to the Programme Approvals, the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme has been authorised 
and approved in accordance with Decree 32, the Banking Law, the Capital Markets Law or their respective related laws and 
the Debt Instruments Communiqué. In addition, Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may only be offered or sold outside of

--- Page 329 ---
310 
Turkey in accordance with the Programme Approvals. The Notes issued under the Programme prior to the date of the CMB 
Approval were issued under previously existing CMB approvals. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the BRSA decision dated 6 May 2010 No. 3665, the BRSA decision 
dated 30 September 2010 No. 3875 and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Turkey may acquire Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) so long as they comply with the Turkish Purchase Requirements. 
To the extent (and in the form) required by applicable law, an approval from the CMB in respect of each Tranche of 
Notes is required to be obtained by the Issuer prior to the Issue Date of such Tranche of Notes. 
Monies paid for investments in the Notes are not protected by the insurance coverage provided by the SDIF. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, any other federal securities law or the 
securities laws of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable local, state or federal laws. Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
In connection with any Regulation S Notes, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation S 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein): (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until the expiration of the 
applicable Distribution Compliance Period other than in an offshore transaction to, or for the account or benefit of, Persons 
who are not U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will send to each distributor, dealer or other Person to whom it sells any Regulation S Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) during the applicable Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation S Notes other than in offshore transactions to, or for the account or 
benefit of, Persons who are not U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Until the expiration of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, an offer or sale of such Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) other than in an offshore transaction to a Person who is not a U.S. person by any distributor (whether or not 
participating in the offering) might violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers might arrange for the resale of Registered Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to QIBs pursuant to 
Rule 144A and each such purchaser of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) is hereby notified that the Dealers may be 
relying upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. To permit 
compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are “restricted securities” within 
the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken in the Deed Poll to furnish, upon the 
request of a holder of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein), to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by 
such holder, the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the 
request, any of the Notes of the applicable Series remain outstanding as “restricted securities” within the meaning of 
Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act and the Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Exchange Act nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder.

--- Page 330 ---
311 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation and, where applicable, Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that if the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as: 
1. “Applicable,” then it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available (and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available) any of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA, 
and 
2. “Not Applicable,” then, in relation to each Member State, it (with respect to such Notes) has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes to the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of Notes to 
the public in that Member State at any time: 
(a) to any legal entity that is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, 
(b) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer, or 
(c) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in clauses (a) to (c) shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of part 2, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes (which shall also 
include beneficial interests therein where applicable) in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that if the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
specifies the “Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors” as: 
1. “Applicable,” then it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available (and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available) any of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to any UK Retail Investor in the United 
Kingdom, and 
2. “Not Applicable,” then it (with respect to such Notes) has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
to the public in the United Kingdom, except that it may make an offer of Notes to the public in the United Kingdom 
at any time: 
(a) to any legal entity that is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, 
(b) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer(s) nominated by the Issuer for any such offer, or

--- Page 331 ---
312 
(c) in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA; 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in clauses (a) to (c) shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of part 2, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes (which shall also 
include beneficial interests therein where applicable) means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
Other United Kingdom Regulatory Restrictions. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the 
FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of 
the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer, and 
(b) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of sales to Belgian consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering by such Dealer of Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”), and that: (a) it has not offered, sold 
or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) 
to any Belgian Consumer and (b) it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information 
circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
PRC
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered, sold or delivered or will offer, sell or 
deliver any of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to any Person for reoffering or resale, or redelivery, in any such case, 
directly or indirectly, in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan) 
in contravention of any applicable laws as part of the initial distribution of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
Hong Kong
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) except for Notes that are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) other than: (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the 
SFO and any rules made under the SFO or (ii) in other circumstances that do not result in the document being a 
“prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of 
Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or that do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O, and

--- Page 332 ---
313 
(b) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document 
relating to the Notes that is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of 
Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) that are or are intended to be disposed of only to Persons outside Hong Kong or only 
to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or caused the Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) or cause any Notes (or beneficial interest therein) to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein), whether directly or indirectly, to any Person in Singapore other than: (a) to an institutional investor (for the purposes 
of this section, as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (for the 
purposes of this section, as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or to any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a 
relevant person that is: 
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor, or 
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) the sole purpose of which is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of such trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the 
beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that 
corporation or that trust, as applicable, has acquired the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) to an institutional investor, to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA, 
(ii) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer, 
(iii) where the transfer is by operation of law, 
(iv) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA, or 
(v) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore” that will state the product classification of the applicable Notes 
pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes shall be 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined 
in the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on

--- Page 333 ---
314 
Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or any such legend included in the relevant Final Terms will 
constitute notice to “relevant persons” for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein), directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for 
re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Canada
The Notes (and beneficial interests therein) may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, 
as principal that are accredited investors (as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or 
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)) and are permitted clients (as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations). Any resale of the Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements 
of applicable Canadian securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada might provide a Canadian investor with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment hereto) contains a misrepresentation; provided
that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the investor within the time limit prescribed by the securities 
legislation of the investor’s province or territory. The investor should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities 
legislation of its province or territory for particulars of these rights and/or consult with a legal advisor. 
Switzerland
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that, in Switzerland, this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or 
invest in any Notes (or beneficial interests therein). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes (and beneficial interests 
therein) have not been and will not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, by such Dealer in, into or 
from Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”) and no application has been or will 
be made to admit the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading 
facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA or has been or will be filed with or approved by a Swiss review body pursuant 
to Article 52 of the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering of the Notes has 
been or will be filed by the Issuer or any Dealer with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority to admit such Notes to 
trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable laws in force related to 
securities in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of 
Notes under the applicable laws in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.

--- Page 334 ---
315 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or 
assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale.

--- Page 335 ---
316 
LEGAL MATTERS 
Certain matters relating to the issuance of Notes will be passed upon for the Bank by Mayer Brown LLP (or 
affiliates thereof) as to matters of English and United States law and by Lexist as to matters of Turkish law (other than with 
respect to tax-related matters). Certain matters of English and United States law will be passed upon for the Dealers by 
Allen & Overy LLP and certain matters of Turkish law will be passed upon for the Dealers by Gedik Eraksoy Avukatlık 
Ortaklığı (which will also pass upon matters of Turkish tax law).

--- Page 336 ---
317 
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS AND SERVICE OF PROCESS 
The Bank is a joint stock company organised under the applicable laws of Turkey (specifically, under the Banking 
Law). All of the directors and officers of the Bank named herein reside inside Turkey and all or a significant portion of the 
assets of such persons might be, and substantially all of the assets of the Bank are, located in Turkey. As a result, it might not 
be possible for investors to effect service of process upon such persons or the Bank outside Turkey or to enforce against them 
in the courts of jurisdictions other than Turkey any judgments obtained in such courts that are predicated upon the applicable 
laws of such other jurisdictions. In order to enforce such judgments in Turkey, investors should initiate enforcement 
proceedings before the competent Turkish courts. In accordance with Articles 50 to 59 of Turkey’s International Private and 
Procedure Law (Law No. 5718), the courts of Turkey will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a 
country other than Turkey unless: 
(a) there is in effect a treaty between such country and Turkey providing for reciprocal enforcement of 
court judgments, 
(b) there is de facto enforcement in such country of judgments rendered by Turkish courts, or 
(c) there is a provision in the applicable laws of such country that provides for the enforcement of 
judgments of Turkish courts. 
There is no treaty between Turkey and either the United States or the United Kingdom providing for reciprocal 
enforcement of judgments. There is no de facto reciprocity between Turkey and the United States or the State of New York, 
except that the courts of New York have rendered at least one judgment in the past confirming de facto reciprocity between 
Turkey and the State of New York. Turkish courts have also rendered at least one judgment confirming de facto reciprocity 
between Turkey and the United Kingdom; however, since de facto reciprocity is decided by the relevant court on a case-by-
case basis, there is uncertainty as to the enforceability of court judgments obtained in the United States or the United 
Kingdom by Turkish courts. Moreover, there is uncertainty as to the ability of an investor to bring an original action in 
Turkey based upon the U.S. federal or any other non-Turkish securities laws. 
In addition, the courts of Turkey will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a country other 
than Turkey if: 
(a) the defendant was not duly summoned or represented or the defendant’s fundamental procedural rights 
were not observed, 
(b) the judgment in question was rendered with respect to a matter within the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
courts of Turkey, 
(c) the judgment is incompatible with a judgment of a court in Turkey between the same parties and 
relating to the same issues or, as the case may be, with an earlier foreign judgment on the same issue and 
enforceable in Turkey, 
(d) the judgment is not of a civil nature, 
(e) the judgment is clearly against public policy rules of Turkey, 
(f) the judgment is not final and binding with no further recourse for appeal or similar revision process 
under the applicable laws of the country where the judgment has been rendered, or 
(g) the judgment was rendered by a foreign court that has deemed itself competent even though it has no 
actual relationship with the parties or the subject matter at hand. 
In accordance with Article 48 of Turkey’s International Private and Procedure Law (Law No. 5718), in any lawsuit, 
debt collection proceeding or action against the Bank in the Turkish courts, a foreign plaintiff might be required to deposit 
security for court costs (cautio judicatum solvi); provided that the court may in its discretion waive such requirement for

--- Page 337 ---
318 
security in the event that the plaintiff is considered to be: (a) a national of one of the contracting states of the Convention 
Relating to Civil Procedures signed at The Hague on 1 March 1954 (ratified by Turkey by Law No. 1574), except for legal 
entities incorporated under the laws of such contracting states, or (b) a national of a state that has signed a bilateral treaty with 
Turkey that is duly ratified and contains (inter alia) a waiver of the cautio judicatum solvi requirement on a reciprocal basis. 
If Turkish nationals do not deposit such a security in the country of the foreign plaintiff, then the relevant Turkish court may 
waive such requirement for security relying upon the de facto reciprocity. If the foreign plaintiff deposits such security and 
the proceeding ends in favour of such plaintiff, then such security will be returned to such plaintiff. 
Furthermore, any claim against the Bank that is denominated in a foreign currency would, in the event of bankruptcy 
of the Bank, only be payable in Turkish Lira. The relevant exchange rate for determining the Turkish Lira-equivalent amount 
of any such claim would be the Central Bank’s exchange rate for the purchase of the relevant currency that is effective on the 
date the relevant court decides on bankruptcy of the Bank in accordance with the applicable laws of Turkey. 
In connection with the Programme, process may be served upon the Bank at its London branch at its registered 
office for the time being with respect to any Proceedings in England.

--- Page 338 ---
319 
OTHER GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The most recent update of the Programme and the further issue of Notes thereunder have been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the Board dated 29 December 2020. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 213800K5KTZFSUS8MR51. 
Listing of Notes 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base prospectus. Application has been 
made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued within one year after the date hereof to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on the Regulated Market. The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. It is expected 
that each Tranche of Notes that is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market will be admitted 
separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of one or more Notes initially representing the Notes of such 
Tranche; however, no assurance can be given that any such admission will occur. If a Tranche of Notes is to be listed by the 
Issuer on Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange, then any information required by such exchange to be in the 
applicable Final Terms will be included therein.  
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the Bank in connection 
with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated 
Market. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, the following documents (or copies thereof) 
may be inspected at the registered office of the Issuer: 
(a) the Articles (with a certified English translation thereof), 
(b) the BRSA Annual Financial Statements, 
(c) when published, copies of the latest audited annual and unaudited interim financial statements of the 
Bank (in English) delivered by the Bank pursuant to Condition 5.3 (for the purpose of clarification, such financial 
statements are not, and shall not be deemed to be, included in (or incorporated by reference into) this Base 
Prospectus except to the extent so incorporated by a supplement hereto), 
(d) the Agency Agreement (including the forms of the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Global Notes 
and the Definitive Notes), 
(e) a copy of this Base Prospectus, and 
(f) when published, any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and 
Final Terms (except that a Final Terms relating to a Note that is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances in which a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base 
Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference.

--- Page 339 ---
320 
In addition, for the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the documents 
described in clauses (a) through (f) will also be available in electronic format on the Issuer’s website (as of the date hereof, at: 
https://www.ziraatbank.com.tr/en/investor-relations); provided that: (a) the articles of association of the Issuer can be found 
at https://www.ziraatbank.com.tr/en/investor-relations/corporate-governance/articles-of-association and (b) with respect to 
such documents (or portions thereof) that are incorporated by reference herein, see the weblinks in “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference” above. Each Final Terms relating to Notes that are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market will also be 
available on Euronext Dublin’s website at www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. Such website do not, and shall not be 
deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are incorporated into, this Base Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by 
the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, which are the entities 
in charge of keeping the records. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN (if any) for each Tranche of Notes allocated by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In addition, the Issuer may make an 
application for any Registered Notes to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. To the extent applicable, the 
ISIN, Common Code, CUSIP, CINS, CFI Code and/or FISN for each Tranche of Notes will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, then the appropriate information 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Scheduled payments of interest on each Registered Note will be paid only to the Person in whose name such 
Registered Note was registered in the Register at the close of business on the applicable Record Date. Notwithstanding the 
Record Date established in the Conditions for any Series of Registered Notes, the Issuer has been advised by DTC that, 
through DTC’s accounting and payment procedures, DTC will, in accordance with its customary procedures, credit interest 
payments received by DTC on any Interest Payment Date based upon DTC’s Participants’ holdings of the Notes on the close 
of business on the New York Business Day immediately preceding each such Interest Payment Date. A  “New York Business 
Day” for these purposes is a day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any other day on which banking institutions in New York 
City, New York are authorised or required by law or executive order to close. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The 
address of DTC is Depositary Trust Company, 55 Water Street, New York City, New York 10041, United States of America. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
For Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be issued to one or more Dealer(s), the price and amount of such Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) will be determined by the Issuer and such Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. For Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be issued to one or more investor(s) purchasing 
such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) directly from the Issuer, the price and amount of such Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) will be determined by the Issuer and such investor(s). 
No Material Adverse Change or Significant Change 
As of each of the date of this Base Prospectus and the date of any supplement hereto, the Issuer hereby confirms 
that, other than to the extent described in “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Turkey” and “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the 
Group and its Business,” there has been: (a) no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last 
published audited BRSA Financial Statements, (b) no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the 
end of the last financial period for which a BRSA Financial Statement has been published to the date of this Base Prospectus 
or, as applicable, the applicable supplement hereto and (c) no significant change in the financial position of the Group since 
the end of the last financial period for which either audited BRSA Financial Statements or interim BRSA Financial 
Statements have been published. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, each of such date and period ends is 31 December 
2020.

--- Page 340 ---
321 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Neither the Bank nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings that are pending or threatened of which the Bank is aware) in the 
12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus that might have or in such period had significant effects on the Bank’s 
and/or the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
Except with respect to the fees to be paid to the Arrangers and Dealers, so far as the Bank is aware, no natural or 
legal person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material to the issue of 
the Notes; provided that one or more of such Person(s) might own Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
Independent Auditors 
The BRSA Annual Financial Statements for 2019 (including comparative information for 2018) were audited by 
KPMG whereas the BRSA Annual Financial Statements for 2020 were audited by PwC. Each of the BRSA Annual Financial 
Statements was audited in accordance with the Regulation on Independent Audit of Banks published by the BRSA in the 
Official Gazette numbered 29314 dated 2 April 2015 and Independent Auditing Standards that are part of the Turkish 
Standards on Auditing published by the POA. 
Each of: (a) KPMG, which is located at İş Kuleleri, Kule 3, Kat: 2-9, Levent 34330, İstanbul, Turkey, and (b) PwC, 
which is located at BJK Plaza, Süleyman Seba Caddesi, No:48 B Blok Kat 9, Akaretler, Beşiktaş 34357, İstanbul, Turkey, is 
an independent auditor in Turkey and is authorised by the BRSA to conduct independent audits of banks in Turkey. 
In accordance with the applicable laws of Turkey, the Group is required to replace its independent auditor every 
seven years. KPMG was selected to be the Group’s independent auditing firm from 2017 through 2019, thereafter being 
replaced by PwC, which is an independent auditor in Turkey and is authorised by the BRSA to conduct independent audits of 
banks in Turkey. PwC is located at BJK Plaza, Süleyman Seba Caddesi, No:48 B Blok Kat 9, Akaretler, Beşiktaş 34357, 
İstanbul, Turkey. 
Material Contracts 
The Bank has not entered into any material contract outside the ordinary course of its business that could result in 
the Bank being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to its ability to meet its obligations to investors in respect of 
the Notes. 
Dealers and Arrangers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Arrangers, the Dealers and/or their respective affiliates have engaged, and might in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and/or the 
Issuer’s affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective 
affiliates might make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers.
Such investments and securities activities might involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. The 
Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates that have a credit relationship with the Issuer might from time to time 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, the Arrangers, 
the Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions that consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such 
short positions might adversely affect future trading prices of an investment in the Notes. The Arrangers, the Dealers and 
their respective affiliates might also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views 
in respect of such securities or financial instruments and might hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 341 ---
322
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
$  ........................................................................... xiii 
£  ............................................................................ xiv 
€  ........................................................................... xiii 
2013 Equity Regulation ........................................... 22 
ABSM .................................................................... 133 
Accrual Period ....................................................... 250 
Additional Amounts .................................................. 8 
Adjustment Spread ................................................ 255 
AFD ........................................................................... 3 
Affiliate.................................................................. 236 
Affiliate Transaction .............................................. 235 
Agency Agreement ................................................ 230 
Akbank .................................................................. 125 
AKP ......................................................................... 12 
Alternative Rate ..................................................... 256 
Amortised Face Amount ........................................ 276 
APM .......................................................................... x 
Approved Issuance Limit ......................................... iii 
Arranger ..................................................................... 5 
Articles .................................................................. 142 
Bank ................................................................... Cover 
Banking Law ........................................................... iii 
Banks Association of Turkey .................................. xiv 
Base Prospectus ................................................. Cover 
Basel Committee.................................................... 183 
Bearer Global Note ................................................ 205 
Bearer Notes ...................................................... Cover 
Benchmark ............................................................. 258 
Benchmark Administrator ......................................... v 
Benchmark Amendments....................................... 254 
Benchmark Event .................................................. 256 
Benchmark Replacement ....................................... 259 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment ................... 259 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes .... 260 
Benchmark Replacement Date .............................. 260 
Benchmarks Regulation ............................................. v 
Benefit Plan Investor ............................................. 298 
Board ......................................................................... 3 
BRSA ........................................................................ ii 
BRSA Annual Financial Statements .........................ix 
BRSA Approval ....................................................... iii 
BRSA Decision on Liquidity Ratios ........................ 87 
BRSA Decisions on the Countercyclical Capital 
Buffer .................................................................. 22 
BRSA Financial Statements .....................................ix 
BRSA Principles .......................................................ix 
Business Day ......................................................... 263 
CAGR .................................................................... 174 
Calculation Agent .................................................. 230 
Capital Adequacy Regulation ................................. 22 
Capital Markets Law ................................................. 1 
CEB ........................................................................... 3 
Central Bank ........................................................... xiv 
Central Registry İstanbul ..........................................iv 
Change of Control ................................................. 276 
Change of Control Put Exercise Notice ................. 275 
Change of Control Put Right ................................. 274 
Classification of Loans and Provisions 
Regulation ........................................................... 22 
Clearing Systems ..................................................... 47 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ....................................... 47 
CMB .................................................................. Cover 
CMB Approval ........................................................ iii 
CMP Regulations 2018 .......................................... 210 
CNH HIBOR ......................................................... 264 
Code ..........................................................................vi 
Commission’s Proposal ......................................... 296 
Common Depositary ................................................ 47 
Common Safekeeper ................................................ 47 
Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements ... 191 
Compounded Daily SONIA ................................... 241 
Compounded SOFR ............................................... 260 
Conditions................................................................ 35 
Corresponding Tenor ............................................. 260 
Couponholder ........................................................ 230 
Coupons ................................................................. 230 
Covered Bond ........................................................ 234 
CPI ........................................................................... 21 
Custodian ............................................................... 288 
Day Count Fraction ............................................... 250 
Dealer ................................................................ Cover 
Debt Instruments Communiqué ............................... iii 
Decree 32 ................................................................. iii 
Deed of Covenant .................................................. 231 
Deed Poll ................................................................ vii 
Definitive Bearer Notes ......................................... 230 
Definitive Notes ..................................................... 230 
Definitive Registered Notes ................................... 230 
Definitive Regulation S Registered Note ............... 206 
Denizbank .............................................................. 174 
Designated Account ............................................... 266 
Designated Bank .................................................... 266 
Determination Period ............................................. 251 
Direct Participants ................................................. 285 
Direct Recourse Securities ..................................... 235 
Distribution Compliance Period ............................ 305 
distributor .................................................................iv 
D-SIBs ..................................................................... 22 
D-SIBs Regulation .................................................. 22 
DTC ........................................................................... 6 
DTC Beneficial Owners ........................................ 285 
DTC Notes ............................................................. 285 
DTC Rules ............................................................. 285 
Early Redemption Amount .................................... 276 
ECB ........................................................................ xiv 
ECL ......................................................................... 77 
EEA ................................................................... Cover 
EEA Retail Investor ................................................ vii

--- Page 342 ---
323 
EIB ............................................................................. 3 
Eligible Green Loans ............................................... 53 
Eligible Loans .......................................................... 52 
Eligible Social Loans ............................................... 53 
ERISA ....................................................................... 9 
ESMA ........................................................................ v 
ESMA Guidelines ...................................................... x 
EU .............................................................................iv 
EU CRA Regulation .............................................. 145 
EURIBOR.............................................................. 264 
euro ........................................................................ xiii 
Euroclear.................................................................. 47 
Euroxnext Dublin .............................................. Cover 
EUWA ................................................................... viii 
Event of Default..................................................... 278 
Exchange Act .......................................................... vii 
Exchange Agent ..................................................... 230 
Exchange Date ....................................................... 206 
Exchange Event ..................................................... 207 
FATCA .................................................................. 265 
FATCA Withholding Tax ...................................... 264 
FCA ......................................................................... 38 
FDM ...................................................................... 162 
Final Terms ........................................................ Cover 
Fiscal Agent ........................................................... 230 
Fitch ................................................................... Cover 
Fixed Rate Notes ....................................................... 7 
Floating Rate Notes ................................................... 7 
Foreign Financial Institution.................................. 296 
Foreign Passthru Payments .................................... 296 
Framework Agreement .......................................... 202 
FSMA .................................................................... viii 
Garanti ................................................................... 125 
GDP ......................................................................... 16 
Global Note ............................................................. 49 
Governmental Authority ........................................ 271 
Green Bonds ............................................................ 52 
Group ...................................................................... xiv 
Halkbank.................................................................... 1 
HIBOR ................................................................... 264 
holder ..................................................................... 230 
Hong Kong ............................................................... ii 
IAI Definitive Note ................................................ 207 
IAI Global Note ..................................................... 207 
IAI Investment Letter ............................................. vii 
IAI Notes ............................................................... 207 
ICAAP ................................................................... 193 
ICAAP Regulation ................................................. 193 
ICAAP Report ....................................................... 193 
IFIs ......................................................................... 129 
IFRS ........................................................................... x 
IGAs ...................................................................... 296 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money........................ 280 
Independent Adviser .............................................. 257 
Indirect Participants ............................................... 285 
Institutional Accredited Investors .............................vi 
Insurance Distribution Directive ............................. vii 
Interest Accrual Period .......................................... 241 
Interest Amount ..................................................... 264 
Interest Commencement Date ................................ 264 
Interest Payment Date ............................................ 238 
Interest Period ........................................................ 264 
Interpolated Benchmark ........................................ 260 
Investor Put ............................................................ 274 
Investor’s Currency ................................................. 50 
İşbank .................................................................... 125 
ISDA Definitions ................................................... 239 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment.................................... 261 
ISDA Fallback Rate ............................................... 261 
ISIS .......................................................................... 13 
Issue Date .......................................................... Cover 
Issue Price .................................................................. 6 
Issuer ................................................................. Cover 
Issuer Call .............................................................. 273 
IT  ............................................................................. 33 
JCR Eurasia ....................................................... Cover 
KDM ...................................................................... 162 
KGF ......................................................................... 60 
KLIBOR ................................................................ 264 
KPMG ......................................................................ix 
KZI Bank ............................................................... 124 
Legended Notes ...................................................... vii 
LIBOR ................................................................... 264 
London Banking Day ............................................. 241 
MAS ...................................................................... viii 
Material Subsidiary................................................ 236 
Maturity Date ........................................................... 35 
Member State ..................................................... Cover 
MiFID II ............................................................ Cover 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ...........................iv 
Moody’s ............................................................. Cover 
New York Business Day ........................................ 320 
NGN ...................................................................... 205 
NIBOR ................................................................... 264 
Noteholder ............................................................. 230 
Notes .................................................................. Cover  
NPLs ...................................................................... xiii 
NSS ........................................................................ 207 
Observation Look-Back Period ............................. 241 
Observation Period ................................................ 241 
OFAC ...................................................................... 13 
Official List ....................................................... Cover 
Optional Redemption Date .................................... 273 
Original Reference Rate ........................................ 257 
Participants ............................................................ 285 
Participating Member States .................................. 296 
Paying Agents ........................................................ 230 
Payment Business Day .......................................... 267 
Payment Business Day Convention ....................... 268 
PBoC ....................................................................... 45 
Permanent Bearer Global Note .............................. 205 
Person .................................................................... 237

--- Page 343 ---
324 
PKK ......................................................................... 14 
Plans ...................................................................... 298 
POA ..........................................................................ix 
PRC .......................................................................... ii 
PRC Government ..................................................... 45 
PRIBOR ................................................................. 264 
PRIIPs Regulation .................................................. vii 
Proceedings ............................................................ 284 
Programme ........................................................ Cover 
Programme Agreement .......................................... 299 
Programme Approvals ............................................. iii 
Prospectus Regulation ....................................... Cover 
PTCE ..................................................................... 298 
Put Notice .............................................................. 274 
PwC ..........................................................................ix 
QIBs ................................................................... Cover 
Rate Calculation Business Day .............................. 271 
Rate Calculation Date ............................................ 271 
Rating Agencies ................................................. Cover 
RCAP ..................................................................... 183 
Record Date ........................................................... 266 
Redeemed Notes .................................................... 273 
Reference Rate ....................................................... 264 
Reference Time...................................................... 261 
Register .................................................................. 231 
Register of Administrators ......................................... v 
Registered Global Note ......................................... 207 
Registered Notes ................................................ Cover 
Registrar ................................................................ 230 
Regulated Market .............................................. Cover 
Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios ............... 22 
Regulation on Provisions and Classification of 
Loans and Receivables ........................................ 22 
Regulation S ...................................................... Cover 
Regulation S Notes ................................................ 206 
Regulation S Registered Global Note .................... 206 
Regulation S Registered Note ................................ 206 
Regulatory Capital Communiqué .......................... 189 
Relevant Date ........................................................ 278 
Relevant Governmental Body ................................ 261 
Relevant Indebtedness ........................................... 235 
Relevant Jurisdiction ............................................. 278 
Relevant Nominating Body ................................... 257 
Relevant Payment Date ......................................... 268 
Relevant Period ..................................................... 264 
Renminbi ................................................................ xiv 
Renminbi Notes ....................................................... 45 
RMB ....................................................................... xiv 
RMB Clearing Banks ............................................... 46 
RMB Currency Event ............................................ 272 
RMB Illiquidity ..................................................... 272 
RMB Inconvertibility ............................................ 272 
RMB Non-Transferability ..................................... 272 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) .................................... 271 
ROBOR ................................................................. 264 
ROE ........................................................................... 2 
Rule 144A .......................................................... Cover 
Rule 144A Global Note ......................................... 207 
Sanction Targets ...................................................... 50 
SDIF .........................................................................iv 
SEC ........................................................................... ii 
Securities Act ..................................................... Cover 
Security Interest ..................................................... 234 
Series ..................................................................... 231 
Settlement Agreements ............................................ 46 
SFA ........................................................................ viii 
SIBOR ................................................................... 264 
Similar Law ........................................................... 298 
Social Bonds ............................................................ 52 
SOFR ..................................................................... 261 
SONIA ..................................................................... 42 
SONIA Reference Rate ......................................... 242 
Specified Currency .................................................... 6 
Specified Denomination .......................................... 49 
Specified Time ....................................................... 264 
Spot Rate ............................................................... 272 
SSF .......................................................................... 69 
Stabilisation Manager ............................................ viii 
Sterling ................................................................... xiv 
sub-unit .................................................................. 264 
Successor Rate ....................................................... 257 
Sustainability Bonds ................................................ 52 
Sustainable Finance Framework .............................. 52 
Talons .................................................................... 230 
TARGET 2 System ................................................ 264 
Tax Decrees ............................................................. 36 
Taxes ......................................................................... 8 
TEFRA C ................................................................. 10 
TEFRA D................................................................. 10 
Temporary Bearer Global Note ............................. 205 
Term SOFR ........................................................... 261 
TFRS 15....................................................................ix 
TFRS 16....................................................................ix 
TFRS 9 .....................................................................ix 
TIBOR ................................................................... 264 
Tier 2 Conditions ................................................... 185 
TL .......................................................................... xiii 
TLREF ................................................................... 264 
Tranche .................................................................. 231 
Transfer Agents ..................................................... 230 
TRLIBOR .............................................................. 264 
TTJSC Bank .......................................................... 124 
Turkey ............................................................... Cover 
Turkey Wealth Fund .................................................. 2 
Turkish Accounting Standards .................................ix 
Turkish Lira ........................................................... xiii 
Turkish Purchase Requirements ...............................iv 
Turkish Treasury..................................................... xiv 
TurkStat .................................................................. xiv 
TWFM Company ....................................................... 2 
U.S. .................................................................... Cover 
U.S. dollars ............................................................ xiii

--- Page 344 ---
325 
U.S. person ........................................................ Cover 
UK CRA Regulation .............................................. 144 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules .....................iv 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ........................................... viii 
UK Prospectus Regulation ..................................... viii 
UK Retail Investor ................................................. viii 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement .................... 261 
United States ...................................................... Cover 
US$ ........................................................................ xiii 
USD LIBOR .............................................................. 7 
UTBANK .................................................................. 1 
Vakıfbank .............................................................. 109 
VAR ....................................................................... 152 
WIBOR .................................................................. 264 
Yapı Kredi Bank .................................................... 125 
Zero Coupon Notes .................................................... 7 
Ziraat Participation Bank ........................................... 1 
Ziraat Teknoloji ..................................................... 139

--- Page 345 ---
APPENDIX A 
326 
OVERVIEW OF DIFFERENCES BETWEEN IFRS AND THE BRSA PRINCIPLES 
The BRSA Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with the BRSA Principles. The BRSA Principles, 
statements, communiqués and guidance differ from IFRS in some instances that might be material to the financial 
information herein. Such differences primarily relate to the format of presentation of financial statements, disclosure 
requirements (e.g., IFRS 7) and accounting policies. BRSA format and disclosure requirements are prescribed by relevant 
regulations and do not always conform to IFRS or IAS 34 standards. The following paragraphs contain a narrative 
description of differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles as adopted by the Issuer in preparing its annual financial 
statements. 
Similar differences with IFRS also exist in the accounting policies and disclosure requirements applied to 
consolidated subsidiaries, especially those providing life and non-life insurance services, which are subject to 
policies/requirements of the Turkish Treasury, and factoring and leasing services, which are subject to BRSA 
policies/requirements. 
Presentation of Financial Statements 
There are differences in presentation of financial statements other than measurement differences described above. 
These differences can be briefly explained by mandatory financial statement line items in accordance with IAS 1, disclosure 
requirements of IFRS 7 or, where applicable, the disclosure requirements of other standards. BRSA Financial Statements 
(including the related notes) are presented under a special format determined by the BRSA. Similarly, balance sheet, 
statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows are presented using this 
specified format. The BRSA also requires a statement for off balance sheet items. These presentation differences might vary 
based upon the sector that the related consolidated subsidiary operates in, especially those providing life and non-life 
insurance services, which are subject to the Turkish Treasury policies/requirements, and factoring or leasing services, which 
are subject to specific BRSA policies/requirements. 
Basis for Consolidation 
Consolidation principles under the BRSA Principles and IFRS are based upon the concept of the power to control in 
determining whether a parent/subsidiary relationship exists and that consolidation is appropriate. Control is typically 
exhibited where an entity has the majority of the voting rights. 
Only financial sector subsidiaries are consolidated under the BRSA Principles, whereas other associates are carried 
at cost. The BRSA Principles provides an exemption for consolidation based upon certain materiality criteria, whereas this is 
not applicable in the case of IFRS. Under IFRS, all subsidiaries are consolidated. 
Modified financial assets 
In accordance with IFRS 9, at each reporting date, an entity shall measure the loss allowance for a financial 
instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses if the credit risk on that financial instrument has 
increased significantly since initial recognition. If the contractual cash flows on a financial asset have been renegotiated or 
modified and the financial asset was not derecognised, then an entity shall assess whether there has been a significant 
increase in the credit risk of the financial instrument by comparing: 
(a) the risk of a default occurring at the reporting date (based upon the modified contractual terms), and 
(b) the risk of a default occurring at initial recognition (based upon the original, unmodified contractual 
terms). 
In accordance with the BRSA Principles, an entity can measure the loss allowance for the financial instrument of which 
contractual cash flows have been renegotiated or modified at an amount equal to 12-month expected credit losses without 
assessing whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk of the financial instrument.

--- Page 346 ---
PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE BANK 
Türkiye Cumhuriyeti Ziraat Bankası A.Ş. 
Hacıbayram Mahallesi 
Atatürk Bulvarı No: 8 
06050 Altındağ, Ankara 
Turkey 
FISCAL AGENT AND 
EXCHANGE AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT 
AND PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
2453 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
UNITED STATES PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch
240 Greenwich Street 
New York, New York 10286 
United States of America 
LEGAL COUNSEL TO THE DEALERS AS TO 
ENGLISH AND UNITED STATES LAW 
LEGAL COUNSEL TO THE DEALERS AS TO 
TURKISH LAW AND TURKISH TAX COUNSEL 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom
Gedik Eraksoy Avukatlık Ortaklığı
River Plaza, Kat: 17 
Büyükdere Caddesi, Bahar Sokak No. 13 
TR-34394 Levent, İstanbul 
Turkey 
LEGAL COUNSEL TO THE BANK 
AS TO ENGLISH AND UNITED STATES LAW 
LEGAL COUNSEL TO THE BANK 
AS TO TURKISH LAW 
Lexist 
Büyükdere Cd. Özdilek Center 
River Plaza No. 3 Kat: 22 
Levent 34330 Beşiktaş, İstanbul 
Turkey 
Mayer Brown 
International LLP 
201 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 3AF 
United Kingdom 
Mayer Brown LLP 
71 South Wacker Drive 
Chicago, Illinois 60606 
United States of America 
AUDITORS TO THE BANK 
FOR 2018 AND 2019 
KPMG Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci 
Mali Müşavirlik Anonim Şirketi (KPMG Turkey)
İş Kuleleri, Kule 3, Kat: 2-9 
Levent 34330, İstanbul 
Turkey 
AUDITORS TO THE BANK 
FROM 2020 
PwC Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci 
Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş. 
BJK Plaza Süleyman Seba Cad. No:48 B Blok Kat:9 
Akaretler, Beşiktaş, 34357 İstanbul 
Turkey 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland

--- Page 347 ---
ARRANGER 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75 009 Paris 
France
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom
Emirates NBD Bank (P.J.S.C.) 
c/o Emirates NBD Capital Limited 
The Gate Building, West Wing, 12th Floor 
DIFC, P.O. Box 506710 
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom
J.P. Morgan Securities plc
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom
Mizuho International plc 
Mizuho House 
30 Old Bailey 
London EC4M 7AU 
United Kingdom
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France
Standard Chartered Bank 
1 Basinghall Avenue 
London EC2V 5DD 
United Kingdom