--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
TÜRKİYE VAKIFLAR BANKASI T.A.O. 
US$7,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this Global Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Türkiye Vakıflar Bankası T.A.O., a banking institution organised as a joint stock company 
under the laws of the Republic of Türkiye (“Türkiye”) and registered with the İstanbul Trade Registry under number 776444 (the “Bank” or the “Issuer”), may from time to time 
issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) or investor(s). 
Notes may be issued in either bearer or registered form (respectively, “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes”); provided that the Notes may be offered and sold in the 
United States only in registered form except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. As of the time of each issuance of Notes, the maximum aggregate nominal 
amount of all Notes outstanding under the Programme will not exceed US$7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued from time to time to: (a) one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the Programme - The Programme” and any 
additional Dealer(s) appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis, 
and/or (b) one or more investor(s) purchasing Notes (or beneficial interests therein) directly from the Issuer. 
INVESTING IN THE NOTES INVOLVES RISKS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSIDER THE FACTORS SET FORTH UNDER “RISK 
FACTORS” FOR A DISCUSSION OF CERTAIN OF THESE RISKS. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), of the United States of America (the “United 
States” or “U.S.”) or any other U.S. federal or state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person (“U.S. 
person”) as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) except to “qualified institutional buyers” (“QIBs”) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act (“Rule 144A”) in a transaction satisfying the conditions of Rule 144A or unless another exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is 
available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the United States and each applicable state or other jurisdiction of the United States. See “Form of the Notes” for 
a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued. For a description of certain restrictions on the sale and transfer of investments in the Notes, see “Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions.” Where the “United States” is referenced herein with respect to Regulation S, such shall have the meaning provided thereto in Rule 902 of Regulation S. 
This base prospectus (this “Base Prospectus”) has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of 
this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state (a “Member 
State”) of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) in circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made to the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to its official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market (the “Regulated Market”). The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. This Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time, if applicable) is valid until 23 June 2024 in relation to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the EEA. In case of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information in this Base Prospectus that may affect the 
assessment of a Series of Notes and that arises or is noted between the date of this Base Prospectus and the closing of the offer period or the time when trading on a regulated 
market begins for such Series, whichever occurs later, such shall be mentioned in a supplement to this Base Prospectus without undue delay in accordance with Article 23(1) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. In accordance with Article 21(8) of the Prospectus Regulation, the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. References in this Base Prospectus to any Notes being “listed” (and all 
related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated 
Market. 
Application has been made to the Capital Markets Board (the “CMB”) of Türkiye, in its capacity as competent authority under Law No. 6362 (the “Capital Markets 
Law”) of Türkiye relating to capital markets, for its approval of the issuance and sale of Notes by the Bank outside of Türkiye. No Notes may be sold before the necessary 
approvals are obtained from the CMB. The CMB approval letter based upon which any offering of the Notes may be conducted was obtained on 6 January 2023 and, to the extent 
(and in the form) required by applicable law, a written approval of the CMB in relation to each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be required to be obtained on or before the 
issue date (an “Issue Date”) of such Tranche of Notes. Unless the Bank obtains the necessary new approvals from the CMB, the aggregate debt instrument amount issued under 
such approval (whether issued under the Programme or otherwise) cannot exceed US$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Under current Turkish tax law, withholding tax might apply to payments of interest on the Notes. See “Taxation - Certain Turkish Tax Considerations.” 
Notice of the aggregate principal amount of a Tranche of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of such Notes, the issue price of such Notes and certain other 
information that is applicable to such Notes will be set out in a final terms document (for a Tranche, its “Final Terms”). With respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin or 
any other regulated market in the EEA, the applicable Final Terms will be filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin or the competent authority for such other 
market, as applicable. For so long as any Note is admitted to the Official List, copies of the Final Terms for such Note will also be published on the Issuer’s website at 
http://www.vakifbank.com.tr/investor-relations.aspx?pageID=625. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed and/or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or (in the case of Notes purchased directly from the Issuer by one or more investor(s)) the relevant investor(s) (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Programme has been rated “B-” (for long-term issuances) and “B” (for short-term issuances) by Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”) and “B3” (for long-term 
issuances) by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s” and, with Fitch, the “Rating Agencies”). The Bank has also been rated by the Rating Agencies and JCR Eurasia 
Rating (“JCR Eurasia”) as set out on pages 138 and 139 of this Base Prospectus. Please see such pages with respect to the Rating Agencies’ registration and/or endorsement in the 
United Kingdom (the “UK”) and/or the European Union (the “EU”), as applicable. Series of Notes may either be rated by any rating agency (including by any one or more of the 
Rating Agencies) or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated (other than in the case of unsolicited ratings), the initial such rating(s) will be disclosed in the Final Terms for such 
Tranche and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned by the applicable rating agency to the Notes of other Series or (if rated by Fitch and/or Moody’s) the rating 
described above. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Arranger 
Standard Chartered Bank 
Dealers 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC 
Erste Group 
First Abu Dhabi 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Mashreqbank 
Mizuho 
MUFG 
Natixis 
QNB Capital 
SMBC Nikko 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Standard Chartered Bank 
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 23 June 2023.

--- Page 2 ---
i 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. This 
document does not constitute a prospectus for the purposes of Section 12(a)(2) of, or any other provision of or rule 
under, the Securities Act. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this 
Base Prospectus and, for each Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, such 
information is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
The Issuer confirms that: (a) this Base Prospectus (including the information incorporated by reference herein) 
contains all information that in its view is material in the context of the issuance and offering of the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein), (b) the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus is true and 
accurate in all material respects and is not misleading, (c) any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed in this Base 
Prospectus (including in any of the documents (or applicable portions thereof) incorporated by reference herein) on the part 
of the Issuer are honestly held or made by the Issuer and are not misleading in any material respects, and there are no other 
facts the omission of which would make this Base Prospectus or any of such information or the expression of any such 
opinions, predictions or intentions misleading in any material respect, and (d) all reasonable enquiries have been made by the 
Issuer to ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of all such information and statements. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents that are (or portions of which are) incorporated 
by reference herein (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the 
basis that such documents (or the applicable portions thereof) are incorporated into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
To the full extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents or any of their respective 
affiliates accept any responsibility for: (a) the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by (or on behalf of) the Issuer in connection with the Programme or an issue 
and offering of Notes (or beneficial interests therein), (b) any statement consistent with this Base Prospectus made, or 
purported to be made, by a Dealer or an Arranger or on its behalf in connection with the Programme or an issue and offering 
of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or (c) any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other Person (as defined in 
Condition 5.4) in connection with the Programme or an issue and offering of Notes (or beneficial interests therein). Each 
Dealer and Arranger accordingly disclaims (including on behalf of their respective affiliates) all and any liability that it might 
otherwise have (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) in respect of the accuracy or completeness of any such information or 
statements. The Arrangers and Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to 
their attention. 
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates: (a) accepts any responsibility for any 
environmental or sustainability assessment of any Sustainability Notes, (b) makes any representation as to the suitability of 
any Sustainability Notes issued pursuant to the Programme to fulfil environmental, social or sustainability criteria required by 
any prospective investors or (c) makes any assurance or representation as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the Sustainability Notes. Neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers have undertaken, nor are they responsible for undertaking, any assessment of the eligibility criteria 
for Green Projects and/or Social Projects (each as defined in “Use of Proceeds”), any verification of whether any Green 
Projects and/or Social Projects meet such criteria or the monitoring of the use of the net proceeds of any Sustainability Notes 
(or an amount equal to the net proceeds). Investors should refer to the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework referred to in 
“Use of Proceeds.” 
In connection with the Programme or an issue and offering of Notes, no Person is or has been authorised by the 
Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied by (or with the consent of) the Issuer and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Arrangers or Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied by (or on behalf of) the Issuer, any of the Arrangers 
or Dealers or any of their respective affiliates in connection with the Programme or any Notes: (a) is intended to provide the

--- Page 3 ---
ii 
basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Arrangers or 
Dealers or any of their respective affiliates that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any such other information should 
invest in any Notes. Each investor contemplating investing in any Note should: (i) determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus, (ii) make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and (iii) make 
its own determination of the suitability of any such investment in light of its own circumstances, with particular reference to 
its own investment objectives and experience, and any other factors that are relevant to it in connection with such investment, 
in each case, based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor, except to the extent explicitly stated therein, any other information supplied by (or 
on behalf of) the Issuer or any of the Arrangers or Dealers in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by (or on behalf of) the Issuer, any of the Arrangers or Dealers or any of their respective 
affiliates to any Person to subscribe for or purchase any Notes (or beneficial interests therein). This Base Prospectus is 
intended only to provide information to assist potential investors in deciding whether or not to subscribe for, or invest in, the 
Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this 
Base Prospectus is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof (or, if such information is stated to be as of an earlier 
date, subsequent to such earlier date) or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and/or the offer or sale of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) might be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. None of the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be lawfully offered, in any such 
jurisdiction or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been 
taken by the Issuer that is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or distribution of 
this Base Prospectus, any advertisement or any other material relating to the Programme in any jurisdiction in which action 
for that purpose is required. Accordingly: (a) no Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and (b) neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other material relating to the Programme may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction except, in each case, under circumstances that will result in compliance with all 
applicable laws. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) come(s) 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, any 
advertisement or other material relating to the Programme and the offering and/or sale of Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein). In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer and/or sale of Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) in (inter alia) Türkiye, the United States, the EEA (including Belgium), the UK, the People’s 
Republic of China (the “PRC”), the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC (“Hong Kong”), Singapore, 
Japan, Canada and Switzerland. See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
In making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, investors must rely upon their own examination of the 
Issuer and the terms of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) being offered, including the merits and risks involved. The 
Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) of the United States 
or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States and, other than the approvals of the 
Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency (in Turkish: Bankacılık Düzenleme ve Denetleme Kurumu) (the “BRSA”) of 
Türkiye, the CMB and the Central Bank of Ireland described herein, have not been approved or disapproved by any securities 
commission or other regulatory authority in Türkiye or any other jurisdiction, nor has any such authority (other than the 
Central Bank of Ireland to the extent described herein) approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or 
determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary might be 
unlawful. 
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Issuer or any of their respective affiliates, counsel or other representatives 
makes any representation to any actual or potential investor in the Notes regarding the legality under any law of its 
investment in the Notes. Any investor in the Notes should ensure that it is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in 
the Notes for an indefinite period of time.

--- Page 4 ---
iii 
The Notes might not be a suitable investment for all investors. As noted above, each potential investor 
contemplating making an investment in the Notes must make its own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes 
in light of its own circumstances, with particular reference to its own investment objectives and experience, and any other 
factors that are relevant to it in connection with such investment, in each case, based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. In particular, each potential investor in the Notes should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial 
and other professional advisors, whether it: 
(a) has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the applicable Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in such Notes and the information contained in (including incorporated by reference 
into) this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement hereto, 
(b) has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
circumstances, an investment in the applicable Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio, 
(c) has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the applicable 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currency(ies) or where the currency for 
principal and/or interest payments is different from such potential investor’s currency, 
(d) understands thoroughly the terms of the applicable Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets, and 
(e) is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that might affect its 
investment in the Notes and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations might restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are 
subject to laws and/or to review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor in the Notes should consult its 
legal advisors to determine whether and to what extent: (a) Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are legal investments for it, 
(b) its investment in the Notes can be used by it as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to 
its purchase, holding or pledge of any Notes (or beneficial interests therein). Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of their investments in the Notes under any 
applicable risk-based capital or other rules. Each potential investor in the Notes should consult its own advisors as to the 
legal, tax, business, financial and related aspects of an investment in the Notes. 
The 
Issuer 
has 
obtained 
the 
CMB 
approval 
letter 
(dated 
6 January 
2023 
and 
numbered 
E-29833736-105.02.02-31360) and the CMB approved issuance certificate (in Turkish: onaylanmış ihraç belgesi) (approved 
by the decision of the CMB dated 5 January 2023 and numbered 01/6) (together, the “CMB Approval”) based upon which 
any offering of the Notes might be conducted. The Issuer also obtained the BRSA approval letter (dated 19 December 2022 
and numbered E-20008792-101.02.01-70519) (the “BRSA Approval” and, with the CMB Approval, the “Programme 
Approvals”) required for the issuance of Notes under the Programme. The maximum principal amount of securities that the 
Bank can issue under the CMB Approval is US$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate (the 
“Approved Issuance Limit”); provided that, as per the BRSA Approval, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of debt 
instruments denominated in Turkish Lira issued by the Issuer (whether under these approvals or otherwise) may not exceed 
TL 17,000,000,000. It should be noted that, regardless of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Notes or the amount 
permitted to be issued under the Programme, unless the Bank obtains new approval(s) from the CMB, the aggregate principal 
amount of securities issued under the CMB Approval (whether issued under the Programme or otherwise) cannot exceed the 
Approved Issuance Limit. As per the Green Debt Instruments, Sustainable Debt Instruments, Green Lease Certificates, 
Sustainable Lease Certificates Guide published by the CMB on 24 February 2022, in order to make sustainable/green 
issuances outside of Türkiye, the Issuer is required to obtain a separate approval from the CMB in addition to the CMB 
Approval. In addition to the Programme Approvals, but only to the extent (and in the form) required by applicable law, an 
approval of the CMB in respect of each Tranche of Notes is required to be obtained by the Issuer on or before the Issue Date 
of such Tranche, which date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The scope of the Programme Approvals might be 
amended and/or new approvals from the CMB and/or the BRSA might be obtained from time to time. The Notes issued 
under the Programme prior to the respective dates of the Programme Approvals were issued under previously existing BRSA 
and CMB approvals.

--- Page 5 ---
iv 
Pursuant to the Programme Approvals, the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme have been authorised 
and approved in accordance with Decree No. 32 on the Protection of the Value of the Turkish Currency (as amended, 
“Decree 32”), the Banking Law No. 5411 of 2005 (as amended, the “Banking Law”), and its related law, the Capital Markets 
Law and the Communiqué on Debt Instruments No. VII-128.8 of the CMB (as amended, the “Debt Instruments 
Communiqué”) and its related law. The Notes issued under the Programme prior to the date of the CMB Approval were 
issued under previously existing CMB approvals. 
In addition, in accordance with the Programme Approvals, the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may only be 
offered or sold outside of Türkiye. Under the Programme Approvals, the BRSA and the CMB have authorised the offering, 
sale and issue of the Notes on the condition that no transaction that qualifies as a sale or offering of Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) in Türkiye may be engaged in. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the BRSA decisions dated 6 May 
2010 (No. 3665) and 30 September 2010 (No. 3875) and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Türkiye: (a) may, in the 
secondary markets only, purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated in a currency other than Turkish 
Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, and (b) may, in both the primary and secondary 
markets, purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated in Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an 
unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis; provided that, for each of clauses (a) and (b), such purchase or sale is made through 
licensed banks authorised by the BRSA or licensed brokerage institutions authorised pursuant to CMB regulations and the 
purchase price is transferred through such licensed banks. As such, Turkish residents should use such licensed banks or such 
licensed brokerage institutions when purchasing Notes (or beneficial interests therein) and should transfer the purchase price 
through such licensed banks. The requirements in this paragraph are herein referred to as the “Turkish Purchase 
Requirements.” 
Potential investors should note that, under the Central Securities Depositaries Regulation of the EU, a trade in the 
secondary markets within the EU might be required to settle in two applicable business days unless the parties to such trade 
expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, investors who wish to trade interests in Notes in the EU on the trade date relating to 
such Notes or the next business day will likely be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially will likely settle on a 
settlement cycle longer than such number of days, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to 
prevent a failed settlement. 
Monies paid for the purchase of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are not protected by the insurance coverage 
provided by the Savings Deposit Insurance Fund (in Turkish: Tasarruf Mevduatı Sigorta Fonu) (the “SDIF”) of Türkiye. 
Pursuant to the Debt Instruments Communiqué, the Issuer is required to notify the Central Securities Depository of 
Türkiye (in Turkish: Merkezi Kayıt Kuruluşu A.Ş.) (trade name: Central Registry İstanbul (in Turkish: Merkezi Kayıt 
İstanbul)) (“Central Registry İstanbul”) within three İstanbul business days from the applicable Issue Date of a Tranche of 
Notes of the amount, Issue Date, ISIN (if any), interest commencement date, maturity date, interest rate, name of the 
custodian and currency of such Notes and the country of issuance. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled “MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE” that 
will outline the target market assessment of the applicable manufacturer(s) in respect of such Notes and which channels for 
distribution of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are appropriate. In those cases, any Person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment of such manufacturer(s); however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment of such manufacturer(s)) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein) is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein), but otherwise 
none of the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
v 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled “UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE” that 
will outline the target market assessment of the applicable manufacturer(s) in respect of such Notes and which channels for 
distribution of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are appropriate. In those cases, any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment of such manufacturer(s); however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment of such manufacturer(s)) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein), but otherwise none of the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest Amounts payable in respect of Floating Rate Notes might be calculated by reference to the following 
benchmark reference rates that are provided by the following benchmark administrators (each a “Benchmark Administrator”): 
Benchmark Reference Rates 
Benchmark Administrator 
SONIA ................................................
Bank of England
SOFR...................................................
Federal Reserve Bank of New York
EURIBOR ...........................................
European Money Markets Institute
TLREF.................................................
TLREF Committee(1)
HIBOR ................................................
Hong Kong Treasury Markets Association
ROBOR...............................................
National Bank of Romania
PRIBOR ..............................................
Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o.
SIBOR.................................................
ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd.
NIBOR ................................................
Norske Finansielle Referanser AS
WIBOR ...............................................
Warsaw Stock Exchange
CNH HIBOR.......................................
Hong Kong Treasury Markets Association
__________________________________________________________ 
(1) 
TLREF Committee (in Turkish: TLREF Komitesi) includes a member from each of the Central Bank, the Turkish Treasury, the Banks 
Association of Türkiye, the Turkish Capital Markets Association (in Turkish: Türkiye Sermaye Piyasaları Birliği), the BRSA, the 
İstanbul Settlement and Custody Bank (in Turkish: İstanbul Takas ve Saklama Bankası A.Ş.) and the Borsa İstanbul. 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Floating Rate Notes will specify whether or not the 
applicable Benchmark Administrator appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks (the “Register of 
Administrators”) established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) of 8 June 2016 (as amended, the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, European Money Markets Institute, Czech Financial 
Benchmark Facility s.r.o. and ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd. appear on the Register of Administrators, but 
none of the other Benchmark Administrators appear on the Register of Administrators, though the Bank of England and the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as central banks, are not required to appear on the Register of Administrators pursuant to 
Article 2(2) of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that none of the Benchmark Administrators that are not registered as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus in the Register of Administrators is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if non-EU-based, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains some statements that might be considered to be forward-looking statements. Forward-
looking statements include (without limitation) statements concerning the Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future 
operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. When used in this Base 
Prospectus, the words “anticipates,” “estimates,” “expects,” “believes,” “intends,” “plans,” “aims,” “seeks,” “may,” “might,”

--- Page 7 ---
vi 
“will,” “should” and any similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements 
appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus, including (without limitation) in the sections titled “Risk 
Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Selected Statistical 
and Other Information” and “The Group and its Business,” and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: 
● 
strategy and objectives, 
● 
trends affecting the Group’s results of operations and financial condition, 
● 
asset portfolios, 
● 
expected credit losses, 
● 
capital spending, 
● 
legal proceedings, and 
● 
the Group’s potential exposure to market risk and other risk factors. 
Forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Actual results might differ materially from those 
expressed in these forward-looking statements. 
The Issuer has identified certain of the risks inherent in these forward-looking statements and these are set out under 
“Risk Factors.” 
The Issuer has based these forward-looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future 
events and financial performance. Although the Issuer’s management believes that the expectations, estimates and projections 
reflected in the forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if 
one or more of the risks or uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements materialise(s), including those 
identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer’s underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, then 
the Issuer’s actual results of operation might vary from those expected, estimated or projected and those variations might be 
material. 
There might be other risks, including some risks of which the Issuer is unaware, that might adversely affect the 
Group’s results, the Notes or the accuracy of forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus. Therefore, potential 
investors should not consider the factors discussed under “Risk Factors” to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or 
uncertainties of investing in the Notes. 
Potential investors should not place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Without prejudice to any 
requirements under applicable laws, the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date 
of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in 
expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or circumstances upon which any such forward-looking statement is 
based. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus might be provided on a confidential basis in the United States to QIBs under Rule 144A and 
“accredited investors” (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act) that are institutions 
(“Institutional Accredited Investors”), and to investors within the United States with whom “offshore transactions” under 
Regulation S can be entered into, for informational use solely in connection with the consideration of an investment in certain 
Notes. Its use for any other purpose in the United States or by any U.S. person is not authorised. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to United States persons except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), of 
the United States of America and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the securities or “blue sky” 
laws of any state of the United States or any other U.S. jurisdiction. Each investor, by purchasing a Note (or a beneficial 
interest therein), agrees (or will be deemed to agree) that the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be reoffered, resold,

--- Page 8 ---
vii 
pledged or otherwise transferred only upon registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to the exemptions from the 
registration requirements thereof described under “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” Each investor also will be deemed to 
have made certain representations and agreements as described therein. Any resale or other transfer, or attempted resale or 
other attempted transfer, of the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) that is not made in accordance with the transfer 
restrictions may subject the transferor and/or transferee to certain liabilities under applicable securities laws. Furthermore, 
purchasers of IAI Notes (including beneficial interests in IAI Global Notes) will be required to execute and deliver an 
investment letter substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (an “IAI Investment Letter”). 
The Notes (or beneficial interests therein) generally may be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons only if such U.S. persons are either QIBs or Institutional Accredited Investors, in either 
case in registered form and in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, registration under the Securities Act in reliance 
upon Rule 144A, Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or any other applicable exemption. Each investor in Notes that is a 
U.S. person or is in the United States is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to 
it might be being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act 
provided by Rule 144A, Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or (in certain limited circumstances) Regulation S. 
Purchasers of IAI Notes (or beneficial interests therein) will be required to execute and deliver an IAI Investment 
Letter. Each investor in an IAI Note, a Rule 144A Global Note or any Notes issued in registered form in exchange or 
substitution therefor (together “Legended Notes”) will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein), to have made certain representations and agreements as set out in “Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions.” Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in “Form of the Notes.” 
Potential investors that are U.S. persons should note that the Issue Date for a Tranche of Notes may be more than 
two relevant business days (this settlement cycle being referred to as “T+2”) following the trade date of such Notes. Under 
Rule 15c6-l of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), of the United States, a trade in the 
United States in the secondary market generally is required to settle in two business days unless otherwise expressly agreed 
to by the parties at the time of the transaction. Accordingly, investors who wish to trade interests in Notes in the United States 
on the trade date relating to such Notes or the next business day will likely be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes 
initially will likely settle on a settlement cycle longer than T+2, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any 
such trade to prevent a failed settlement. In February 2023, Rule 15c6-1 was amended so that, effective as of 28 May 2024, 
such settlement period will be reduced to one business day. 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) that are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer has 
undertaken in a deed poll dated 2 May 2018 (such deed poll as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the 
“Deed Poll”) that, so long as any of the Notes are such “restricted securities” during any period when the Issuer is neither 
subject to and in compliance with the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt from 
such reporting requirements pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act, it will provide to 
each holder or beneficial owner of such Notes and to any prospective purchaser thereof (as designated by any such holder or 
beneficial owner) the information required to be provided pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act to the extent 
requested by such a holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend titled “PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL 
INVESTORS,” then such Notes (and beneficial interests therein) are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to (and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes: (a) “EEA Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) No. 2016/97 (as amended, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, and (b) the expression 
“offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for such 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein). See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions – Selling Restrictions – Public Offer Selling 
Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation and, where applicable, Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” below. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs

--- Page 9 ---
viii 
Regulation”) for offering or selling such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or otherwise making them available to EEA 
Retail Investors in the EEA has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or 
otherwise making them available to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA might be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend titled “PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL 
INVESTORS,” then such Notes (and beneficial interests therein) are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to (and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any UK Retail Investor in the UK. For these 
purposes: (a) “UK Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) of the UK and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”), and (b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by 
any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be offered so as 
to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for such Notes (or beneficial interests therein). See “Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions – Selling Restrictions – United Kingdom” below. Consequently, no key information document required 
by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or otherwise making them available to UK Retail Investors in 
the UK has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or otherwise making 
them available to any UK Retail Investor in the UK might be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT 2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE 
With respect to each issuance of Notes, the Issuer may make a determination about the classification of such Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) for purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore (as amended, the “SFA”). The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled 
“Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore” that will 
state the product classification of the applicable Notes (and, if applicable, beneficial interests therein) pursuant to 
Section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) shall be “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and “Excluded Investment Products” (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
(the “MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or any such legend included in the relevant Final Terms will 
constitute notice to “relevant persons” for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more of the Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (each a “Stabilisation Manager”) (or Persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) might overallot such Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of an investment in 
such Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail; however, stabilisation might not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action might begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, might cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or overallotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or Persons 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. Notwithstanding anything 
herein to the contrary, the Issuer may not (whether through overallotment or otherwise) issue more Notes than have been 
authorised by the CMB or are permitted under the Programme.

--- Page 10 ---
ix 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
The Bank is required to maintain its books of account and prepare statutory financial statements in accordance with 
the BRSA Principles (such financial statements, including any notes thereto and the independent auditor’s reports thereon, 
the “BRSA Financial Statements”). The Bank’s BRSA Financial Statements are filed with the Borsa İstanbul A.Ş. (“Borsa 
İstanbul”) and the Bank’s and the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements are used for determinations of the Bank’s and the 
Group’s compliance with Turkish regulatory requirements established by the BRSA, including for the calculation of capital 
adequacy ratios. All financial statements incorporated by reference herein, including the Bank’s consolidated and 
unconsolidated annual statutory financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2021 
(including comparative information for 2020) and 2022 (including comparative information for 2021) (in each case, 
including any notes thereto and the independent auditor’s audit report thereon) (the “BRSA Annual Financial Statements”) 
and the Bank’s consolidated and unconsolidated interim statutory financial statements as of and for the three month period 
ended 31 March 2023 (including comparative information for the same period of 2022) (including any notes thereto and the 
independent auditor’s review report thereon) (the “BRSA Interim Financial Statements”), have been prepared and presented 
in accordance with the BRSA Principles except for the free provisions (which are not within the requirements of the BRSA 
Principles) recognised by the Bank. The independent auditor’s report included in each of the BRSA Financial Statements 
incorporated by reference herein includes a qualification regarding free provisions recognised by the Bank. See “Risk Factors 
– Risks Relating to the Group and its Business – Other Group-Related Risks – Audit Qualification.” 
In this Base Prospectus, “BRSA Principles” means the laws relating to the accounting and financial reporting of 
banks in Türkiye (including the “Regulation on Accounting Applications for Banks and Safeguarding of Documents” related 
to the Banking Law as published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006, other regulations on the 
accounting records of banks published by the board of the BRSA and circulars and interpretations published by the BRSA) 
and, for matters that are not regulated by such laws, the Turkish Accounting Standards 34 (“TAS 34”) Interim Financial 
Reporting Standard and the “Turkish Financial Reporting Standards” (“TFRS”) issued by the Public Oversight, Accounting 
and Auditing Standards Authority (in Turkish: Kamu Gözetimi Muhasebe ve Denetim Standartları Kurumu) (the “POA”). 
The Bank’s and the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein have been prepared in 
accordance with Turkish Financial Reporting Standards 9 (Financial Instruments), which are the IFRS 9-compliant financial 
reporting standards of Türkiye (“TFRS 9”), Turkish Financial Reporting Standards 15 (Revenue from Customer Contracts) 
(“TFRS 15”) and Turkish Financial Reporting Standards 16 (Leases) (“TFRS 16”). 
The Bank’s foreign subsidiaries maintain their books of account and prepare their financial statements in accordance 
with the generally accepted accounting principles and the related rules applicable in the countries in which they operate and, 
while preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group, these are adjusted and classified pursuant to the BRSA 
Principles. 
The: (a) BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 were audited by 
independent auditors PwC Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş. (“PwC”) and (b) the BRSA 
Annual Financial Statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022 were audited by, and the BRSA 
Financial Statements for 2023 have been (and are expected to be) audited or reviewed (as applicable) by, independent 
auditors Güney Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş. (a member firm of Ernst & Young Global 
Limited) (“EY”), all in accordance with the Regulation on Independent Auditing of Banks published by the BRSA in the 
Official Gazette No. 29314 dated 2 April 2015 (the “Turkish Auditor Regulation”) and the Standards on Independent 
Auditing, which is a component of the Turkish Auditing Standards published by the POA. The BRSA Interim Financial 
Statements were reviewed by EY in accordance with the Standard on Review Engagements (SRE) 2410 (“Limited Review of 
Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”). The Bank has appointed EY to act as its 
independent auditor with respect to the remainder of 2023. See PwC’s and EY’s independent auditor report included within 
each of the applicable BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
With respect to the BRSA Interim Financial Statements, EY has (inter alia) reported that: (a) a review of interim 
financial information is substantially less in scope than an independent audit performed in accordance with the Standards on 
Independent Auditing and does not provide assurance that the audit firm will be aware of all significant matters that would 
have been identified in an audit and (b) accordingly, they do not express an opinion on the BRSA Interim Financial 
Statements. Accordingly, the degree of reliance upon their report on such information should be restricted in light of the 
limited nature of the review procedures applied.

--- Page 11 ---
x 
The BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, all of which are in English, 
were prepared as convenience translations of the corresponding Turkish language BRSA Financial Statements (which 
translations the Bank confirms are direct and accurate). The English language BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by 
reference herein were not prepared for the purpose of their incorporation by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
While neither the Bank nor the Group is required by law to prepare its accounts under any accounting standards 
other than according to the BRSA Principles, including under International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), the 
Bank’s management has from time to time elected to publish audited annual consolidated and unaudited semi-annual 
consolidated financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with IFRS (such financial statements, including any 
notes thereto and the independent auditor’s reports thereon, being referred to as “IFRS Financial Statements”); however, as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the last such IFRS Financial Statements that have been published were as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2021. IFRS Financial Statements are not used by the Bank for any regulatory purposes and the Bank’s 
management uses the BRSA Financial Statements and the BRSA Principles for the management of the Bank and 
communications with investors. As the Bank’s management uses the BRSA Financial Statements, including in its 
communications with investors, IFRS Financial Statements are not included in (or incorporated by reference into) this Base 
Prospectus. 
Except to the extent stated otherwise, the financial data for the Group included herein have been extracted, without 
material adjustment, from the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein. Potential investors in 
the Notes should note that this Base Prospectus also includes certain financial information for the Bank, which has been 
extracted, without material adjustment, from the Bank’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein. Such 
financial information is identified as being of “the Bank” in the description of the associated tables or information. Such 
Bank-only financial information is (inter alia) presented in “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Selected Statistical and Other Information” and “The Group and its 
Business.” 
Pursuant to TAS 29, Financial Reporting in High Inflation Economies (“TAS 29”) under TFRS and the 
corresponding International Accounting Standards 29 (“IAS 29”) under IFRS, the financial statements of entities whose 
functional currency is that of a hyperinflationary economy must be adjusted for the effects of changes in a general price 
index. Neither TAS 29 nor IAS 29 establishes an absolute rate when hyperinflation is deemed to arise, but rather each 
provides a series of non-exclusive guidelines as to when restatement of financial statements becomes necessary. These 
guidelines include, among other considerations, quantitative criteria based upon if the three-year cumulative inflation rate 
approaches or exceeds 100%. In March 2022, the International Practices Task Force of the Centre for Audit Quality, which 
monitors countries experiencing high inflation, categorised Türkiye as a country with a three-year cumulative inflation rate 
greater than 100% as of 28 February 2022. Accordingly, Turkish companies reporting under IFRS should apply IAS 29 to 
their financial statements for periods ending on and after 30 June 2022. 
With respect to TFRS, TAS 29 recommends that all entities that report in the currency of the same hyperinflationary 
economy apply this standard from the same date. As such, as indicated in TAS 29, in order to ensure application 
compatibility within Türkiye, all reporting entities are expected to start to use TAS 29 at the same time following an 
announcement to do so by the POA. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the POA has not yet published any such 
announcement on whether such entities should apply this standard with respect to their financial statements for any 
accounting period ending on 31 December 2022 or thereafter. As a result, the Group’s and the Bank’s BRSA Financial 
Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have not applied the inflation adjustment standards of 
TAS 29; however, such adjustments might be applied in the future (including with respect to some or all of the interim and/or 
annual BRSA Financial Statements for 2023). As a result, the Group’s and the Bank’s BRSA Financial Statements: (a) are 
not currently adjusted for inflation and (b) to the extent they are hereafter so adjusted for inflation, will not be comparable to 
financial statements from earlier periods prepared without such policies. 
Please note that the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein have not been prepared in 
accordance with the international financial reporting standards as adopted by the EU based upon Regulation (EC) 
No. 1606/2002 and that there may be material differences in the financial information had Regulation (EC) 
No. 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial information presented herein. A narrative description of the 
differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles as adopted by the Issuer in preparing its BRSA Annual Financial 
Statements has been included in Appendix A (“Overview of Differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles”).

--- Page 12 ---
xi 
Alternative Performance Measures 
To supplement the Bank’s consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements presented (except for the free 
provisions recognised by the Bank as described herein) in accordance with the BRSA Principles, the Bank uses certain ratios 
and measures included (including through incorporation by reference) in this Base Prospectus that might be considered to be 
“alternative performance measures” (each an “APM”) as described in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance 
Measures (the “ESMA Guidelines”) published by ESMA on 5 October 2015. The ESMA Guidelines provide that an APM is 
understood as “a financial measure of historical or future financial performance, financial position, or cash flows, other than a 
financial measure defined or specified in the applicable financial reporting framework.” The ESMA Guidelines also note that 
they do not apply to APMs “disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation, other than the applicable financial reporting 
framework, that sets out specific requirements governing the determination of such measures.” 
Any APMs included in this Base Prospectus are not alternatives to measures prepared in accordance with the BRSA 
Principles and might be different from similarly titled measures reported by other companies. The Bank’s management 
believes that this information, when considered in conjunction with measures reported under the BRSA Principles, is useful 
to investors because it provides a basis for measuring the organic operating performance in the periods presented and 
enhances investors’ overall understanding of the Group’s financial performance. In addition, these measures are used in 
internal management of the Group, along with financial measures reported under the BRSA Principles, in measuring the 
Group’s performance and comparing it to the performance of its competitors. Furthermore, because the Group has 
historically reported certain APMs to investors, the Bank’s management believes that the inclusion of APMs in this Base 
Prospectus provides consistency in the Group’s financial reporting and thus improves investors’ ability to assess the Group’s 
trends and performance over multiple periods. APMs should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, 
financial information presented in compliance with the BRSA Principles. APMs as reported by the Bank might not be 
comparable to similarly titled items reported by other companies. 
For the Group, measures that might be considered to be APMs in this Base Prospectus (including pursuant to any 
supplement hereto) (and that are not defined or specified by the BRSA Principles or any other legislation applicable to the 
Group) include (without limitation) the following (such terms being used in this Base Prospectus as defined below): 
average shareholders’ equity excluding minority interest as a percentage of average total assets: For a 
particular period, this is: (a) the average shareholders’ equity excluding minority interest for such period as a 
percentage of (b) the average total assets for such period. 
average spread: For a particular period, this is: (a) the weighted average interest rate earned on the average 
interest-earning assets for such period minus (b) the weighted average interest rate accrued on the average interest-
bearing liabilities for such period. 
cash loans (net of provisions) to total assets: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the performing loans and 
receivables as of such date as a percentage of (b) the total assets as of such date. 
common equity tier 1 regulatory capital as a percentage of risk-weighted assets: As of a particular date, 
this is: (a) the total amount of tier 1 capital (i.e., share capital reserves and retained earnings) as of such date as a 
percentage of (b) the risk-weighted assets as of such date. 
cost-to-income ratio: For a particular period, this is: (a) the sum of the other operating expenses and 
personnel costs for such period as a percentage of (b) the total operating revenue for such period. 
credit impaired (Stage 3) as a percentage of NPLs: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the credit impaired 
(Stage 3) loans as of such date as a percentage of (b) the NPLs as of such date. 
deposits to total assets (total deposits including bank deposits): As of a particular date, this is: (a) the total 
deposits (including bank and customer deposits) as of such date as a percentage of (b) the total assets as of such 
date.

--- Page 13 ---
xii 
equity to assets ratio: For a particular period, this is: (a) the average shareholders’ equity for such period as 
a percentage of (b) the average total assets for such period. 
loans to deposits ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the total amount of performing loans and 
receivables as of such date as a percentage of (b) the total deposits as of such date. 
net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets: For a particular period, this is: (a) 
the net interest income for such period as a percentage of (b) the average interest-earning assets for such period. 
net interest margin: For a particular period, this is: (a) the net interest income for such period (and, when 
calculating for an interim period, the figure is annualised by multiplying the net profit for the indicated period of 
such year by 12 divided by the number of months in such period) as a percentage of (b) the average interest-earning 
assets for such period. 
NPLs to total gross cash loans (i.e., NPL ratio): As of a particular date, this is: (a) the NPLs as of such date 
as a percentage of (b) the aggregate amount of performing loans and receivables and NPLs as of such date. 
NPLs to total gross cash and non-cash loans: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the NPLs as of such date as 
a percentage of (b) the aggregate amount of performing loans and receivables and non-cash loans and NPLs as of 
such date. 
NPLs to net cash loans: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the NPLs as of such date as a percentage of (b) 
the net cash loans as of such date. 
operating expenses as a percentage of average total assets: For a particular period, this is: (a) the total 
operating expenses for such period as a percentage of (b) the average total assets for such period. 
performing loans to customers to deposits (including bank deposits): As of a particular date, this is: (a) the 
performing loans to customers as of such date as a percentage of (b) the deposits (including bank deposits) as of 
such date. 
provision for loan losses to total cash loans: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the Stage 3 expected credit 
loss as of such date as a percentage of (b) the amount of performing cash loans as of such date. 
retail banking cash loans/total cash loans: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the retail banking cash loans 
as of such date as a percentage of (b) the total cash loans as of such date. 
retail banking deposits/total deposits: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the retail banking deposits as of 
such date as a percentage of (b) the total deposits as of such date. 
retail banking NPLs/total NPLs: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the retail banking NPLs as of such date 
as a percentage of (b) the total NPLs as of such date. 
retail banking operating revenues/total operating revenues: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the retail 
banking operating revenues as of such date as a percentage of (b) the total operating revenues as of such date. 
return on average shareholders’ equity: For a particular period, this is: (a) the net profit (less non-
controlling interest share of net profit) for such period (and, when calculating for an interim period, the figure is 
annualised by multiplying the net profit for the indicated period of such year by 12 divided by the number of months 
in such period) as a percentage of (b) the average shareholders’ equity excluding non-controlling interest for such 
period. 
return on average total assets: For a particular period, this is: (a) the net profit (less non-controlling interest 
share of net profit) for such period (and, when calculating for an interim period, the figure is annualised by

--- Page 14 ---
xiii 
multiplying the net profit for the indicated period of such year by 12 divided by the number of months in such 
period) as a percentage of (b) the average total assets for such period. 
Stage 2 loans to performing loans ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the Stage 2 loans as of such date 
as a percentage of (b) the total performing loans as of such date. 
Stage 2 loans to total gross cash loans ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the Stage 2 loans as of such 
date as a percentage of (b) the total gross cash loans as of such date. 
Stage 3 expected credit loss to NPLs: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the aggregate amount of Stage 3 
expected credit losses as of such date as a percentage of (b) the NPLs as of such date. 
total loans (net of provisions) to total assets: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the performing loans as of 
such date as a percentage of (b) the total assets as of such date. 
ratio of non-deposit funding from international markets to total liabilities: As of a particular date, this is: 
(a) the aggregate amount of foreign currency-denominated borrowings, marketable securities issued and 
subordinated debt as of such date as a percentage of (b) the total liabilities as of such date. 
See “Summary Financial and Other Information,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations,” “Selected Statistical and Other Information” and “The Group and its Business” for further 
information on certain such calculations. 
For any annualised figures calculated for a year, there can be no guarantee, and the Bank does not represent or 
predict, that actual results for the full year will equal or exceed the annualised figure and actual results might vary materially. 
Reconciliations for certain items listed above (to the extent that any of such items are APMs) to the applicable 
financial statements are not included as they are not required by the ESMA Guidelines in these circumstances, including as a 
result of Article 29 thereof where the items described in the APM are directly identifiable from the financial statements (e.g., 
where an applicable APM is merely a calculation of one item in the financial statements as a percentage of another item in 
the financial statements). 
The following are definitions of certain terms that are used in the calculations of the terms defined above (such 
terms being used in this Base Prospectus as they are defined below except to the extent specifically stated otherwise): 
average interest-bearing liabilities: For a particular period, this is calculated by averaging the sum of the 
customer deposits, funds borrowed, repurchase agreements, deposits from banks, debt securities issued and 
subordinated liabilities as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for 
any calendar year, 31 December of the previous year) and that at the end of the period and dividing by two. 
average interest-earning assets: For a particular period, this is calculated by averaging the sum of: (a) the 
loans (performing), (b) the total securities portfolio, (c) banks and (d) money market placements as of the balance 
sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 31 December of the 
previous year) and that at the end of the period and dividing by two. 
average shareholders’ equity: For a particular period, this is calculated by adding the amount of 
shareholders’ equity as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for 
any calendar year, 31 December of the previous year) and the last day of the applicable period and dividing by two. 
average shareholders’ equity excluding minority interest: For a particular period, this is calculated by 
adding the total equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank excluding non-controlling interest as of the balance 
sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 31 December of the 
previous year) and the last day of the applicable period and dividing by two.

--- Page 15 ---
xiv 
average total assets: For a particular period, this is calculated by adding the amount of total assets as of the 
balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 31 December 
of the previous year) and the last day of the applicable period and dividing by two. 
average total interest-earning assets: For a particular period, this is calculated by adding the investment 
securities, trading securities, banks, receivables from money markets and loans as of the balance sheet date 
immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 31 December of the previous 
year) and the last day of the applicable period and dividing by two. 
investment securities: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income as of such date plus (b) the financial assets measured at amortised cost as of such date. 
NPLs: As of a particular date, this (“NPLs”) is the Stage 3 loans (including cash loans, lease receivables 
and factoring receivables) as of such date. NPLs are determined as per the Classification of Loans and Provisions 
Regulation as more fully described below. 
total average interest-bearing liabilities: For a particular period, this is calculated by averaging the sum of 
the customer deposits, funds borrowed, repurchase agreements, deposits from banks, debt securities issued and 
subordinated liabilities as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for 
any calendar year, 31 December of the previous year) and that at the end of the period and dividing by two. 
total average interest-earning assets: For a particular period, this is calculated by averaging the sum of: (a) 
the loans (performing), (b) the total securities portfolio, (c) banks and (d) money market placements as of the 
balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 31 December 
of the previous year) and that at the end of the period and dividing by two. 
total operating revenue: For a particular period, this is the sum of: (a) interest income minus (other than for 
the calculation of the ratio of the Bank’s operating revenue for other business lines to total revenues) interest 
expenses, (b) net fee and commission income, (c) dividend income, (d) trading income/losses (net) and (e) other 
operating income, in each case, for such period. 
total revenue: For a particular period, this is the sum of: (a) the total operating revenues from the retail 
banking, corporate banking and investment banking operations and (b) other interest income and other income, in 
each case, for such period. 
trading securities: As of a particular date, this is debt and equity securities that the Group principally holds 
for the purpose of short-term profit taking, which are reflected on the balance sheet as “financial assets measured at 
fair value through profit or loss” as of such date. 
Currency Presentation and Exchange Rates 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
(a) “Turkish Lira” and “TL” refer to the lawful currency for the time being of Türkiye, 
(b) “U.S. dollars,” “US$” and “$” refer to United States dollars, 
(c) “euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU, as amended, 
(d) “Renminbi” and “RMB” refer to the lawful currency of the PRC, which (for the purposes of this Base 
Prospectus) excludes Hong Kong, the Macao Special Administration Region of the PRC and Taiwan, and 
(e) “Sterling” and “£” refer to British Pounds Sterling.

--- Page 16 ---
xv 
No representation is made that the Turkish Lira or U.S. dollar amounts in this Base Prospectus could have been or 
could be converted into U.S. dollars or Turkish Lira, as the case may be, at any particular rate or at all. For a discussion of the 
effects on the Group of fluctuating exchange rates, see “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Group and its Business - Market 
Risks - Foreign Exchange and Currency Risk” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations.” 
Certain Defined Terms, Conventions and Other Considerations in Relation to the Presentation of Information in this 
Base Prospectus 
Reference is made to the “Index of Defined Terms” for the location of the definitions of certain terms defined 
herein. 
In this Base Prospectus: (a) “Bank” or “Issuer” means Türkiye Vakıflar Bankası T.A.O. on a standalone basis and 
“Group” means the Bank and its subsidiaries (or, with respect to consolidated accounting information, the Bank and entities 
that are consolidated into the Bank), (b) the term “law” shall (unless the context otherwise requires) be deemed to include 
legislation, regulations and other legal requirements and (c) unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law 
(including a provision of a law) is a reference to that law (or provision) as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments and, 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables might vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables might not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them. 
All of the information contained in this Base Prospectus concerning the Turkish market and the Bank’s competitors 
has been obtained (and extracted without material adjustment) from publicly available information. All such data relating to 
the Turkish banking sector have been obtained from the website of the BRSA at www.bddk.org.tr, the website of the Banks 
Association of Türkiye (in Turkish: Türkiye Bankalar Birliği) (the “Banks Association of Türkiye”) at www.tbb.org.tr or the 
website of the Interbank Card Centre (in Turkish: Bankalararası Kart Merkezi) at www.bkm.com.tr, and all such data 
relating to the Turkish or European economy, including statistical data, have been obtained from the website of the Turkish 
Statistical Institute (in Turkish: Türkiye İstatistik Kurumu) (“TurkStat”) at www.tuik.gov.tr, the website of the Central Bank 
of Türkiye (in Turkish: Türkiye Cumhuriyet Merkez Bankası) (the “Central Bank”) at www.tcmb.gov.tr, the website of the 
Ministry of Treasury and Finance of Türkiye (the “Turkish Treasury;” where applicable, references to the Turkish Treasury 
shall be deemed to refer to the Undersecretariat of the Treasury, which was restructured to become part of the new Ministry 
of Treasury and Finance pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 1 dated 10 July 2018 published in the Official Gazette) at 
www.hmb.gov.tr or the website of the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) at www.ecb.europa.eu. Such data have been 
extracted from such websites without material adjustment but might not appear in the exact same form on such websites or 
elsewhere. Such websites do not, and shall not be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are incorporated into, this Base 
Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. Certain information under the heading 
“Book-entry Clearing Systems” has been extracted from information provided by the Clearing Systems referred to therein. 
Where other third-party information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information has been 
identified. The Issuer confirms that all such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and 
is able to ascertain from the relevant published information, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing statement, third-party information 
in this Base Prospectus, while believed to be reliable, has not been independently verified by the Issuer or any other Person. 
In the case of the presented statistical information, similar statistics might be obtainable from other sources, 
although the underlying assumptions and methodology, and consequently the resulting data, might vary from source to 
source. Where information has been sourced from a third party, such publications generally state that the information they 
contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable but that the accuracy and completeness of such information is 
not guaranteed. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legal references and technical terms have been cited in their 
original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. In particular, but 
without limitation, the titles of Turkish laws and the names of Turkish institutions referenced herein (and in the documents 
(or portions thereof) incorporated by reference herein) have been translated from Turkish into English. The translations of 
these titles and names are direct and accurate.

--- Page 17 ---
xvi 
Information in this Base Prospectus regarding the Bank’s shareholders has been based upon public filings, 
disclosure and announcements by such shareholders.

--- Page 18 ---
xvii 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin, shall be incorporated into, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) the BRSA Annual Financial Statements (excluding the comparative information as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2019 included within the BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2020) and BRSA Interim Financial Statements, 
(b) for so long as Notes issued thereunder and listed by the Issuer remain outstanding, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes contained in the previous base prospectus dated 8 May 2019 (on pages 214 to 254 
(inclusive) thereof) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2019 Conditions”), 
(c) for so long as Notes issued thereunder and listed by the Issuer remain outstanding, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes contained in the previous base prospectus dated 7 May 2020 (on pages 197 to 238 
(inclusive) thereof) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2020 Conditions”), and 
(d) for so long as Notes issued thereunder and listed by the Issuer remain outstanding, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes contained in the previous base prospectus dated 5 May 2021 (on pages 207 to 261 
(inclusive) thereof) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2021 Conditions”). 
For the purpose of clarification, potential investors in any Notes shall not, and are not entitled to, rely upon any financial 
information with respect to the Group (and any member thereof) or the Bank relating to 31 December 2019 and the year then 
ended (including comparisons thereof to 31 December 2020 and the year then ended) included within the BRSA Annual 
Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement to this Base Prospectus might be prepared by the 
Issuer and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in 
any such supplement (or contained in any document (or portions thereof) incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the 
extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document (or portions thereof) that is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy that may affect the assessment of the Notes does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, all of which are in English, 
were prepared as convenience translations of the corresponding Turkish language BRSA Financial Statements (which 
translations the Bank confirms are direct and accurate). The English language BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by 
reference herein were not prepared for the purpose of their incorporation by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated (or portions of which have been incorporated) by reference into this Base 
Prospectus can be obtained without charge from the registered office of the Bank and on the Bank’s website at: 
(a) with respect to the Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2020, https://www.vakifbank.com.tr/documents/finansal/Bank%20Only%20Financial%20Statements-
%2031.12.2020.pdf, 
(b) with respect to the Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2021, https://www.vakifbank.com.tr/documents/finansal/Solo%20VAKBN%20311221%20ENG.pdf, 
(c) with respect to the Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 
2022, 
https://www.vakifbank.com.tr/documents/finansal/Bank%20Only%20Financial%20Statements%20-
%2031.12.2022.pdf,

--- Page 19 ---
xviii 
(d) 
with 
respect 
to 
the 
Bank’s 
BRSA 
Interim 
Financial 
Statements, 
https://www.vakifbank.com.tr/documents/finansal/Solo%20VAKBN%2031.03.2023%20ENG%20-
%20%C4%B0mzal%C4%B1.pdf, 
(e) with respect to the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 
2020, 
https://www.vakifbank.com.tr/documents/finansal/Consolidated%20Financial%20Statements%2031.12.2020%20Fu
ll%20Report.pdf, 
(f) with respect to the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2021, https://www.vakifbank.com.tr/documents/finansal/VAKBN%20CONS-1221-ENG.pdf, 
(g) with respect to the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 
2022, 
https://www.vakifbank.com.tr/documents/finansal/VAKBN%20CONS-1222-ENG-
Final%20%C4%B0mzal%C4%B1.pdf, 
(h) 
with 
respect 
to 
the 
Group’s 
BRSA 
Interim 
Financial 
Statements, 
https://www.vakifbank.com.tr/documents/finansal/VAKBN%20CONS-0323-ENG-
%20%C4%B0mzal%C4%B1.pdf, 
(i) with respect to the 2019 Conditions, https://www.vakifbank.com.tr/base-prospectus-dated-may-8-2019-
relating-to-us-7000000000-global-medium-note-programme.aspx?pageID=2701, 
(j) with respect to the 2020 Conditions, https://www.vakifbank.com.tr/base-prospectus-dated-may-7-2020-
relating-to-us-7000000000-global-medium-note-programme.aspx?pageID=3901, and 
(k) with respect to the 2021 Conditions, https://www.vakifbank.com.tr/Default.aspx?pageID=4026. 
Any statement contained in a document (or a portion thereof) that is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein or in any other 
document (or, as applicable, relevant portion thereof) incorporated by reference herein, or in any supplement hereto, modifies 
or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Where there is any 
inconsistency between the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the information contained in (or incorporated by 
reference into) the information incorporated by reference herein, the information set out in this Base Prospectus shall prevail. 
The information set out in any part of the documents listed above that is not incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus is either not relevant to prospective investors in the Notes or is set out elsewhere in (including being incorporated 
by reference into) this Base Prospectus, in each case, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Except for the documents (or portions thereof) incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus to the extent set 
out on any website referenced in this Base Prospectus, the contents of any website referenced herein do not, and shall not be 
deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. Neither the contents of any website referenced 
in, nor any documents incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus have been scrutinised or approved by the Central 
Bank of Ireland. 
Replacement of 2020 financial information upon inclusion of 2023 BRSA Financial Statements 
Upon (by way of one or more supplement(s) hereto) the last to occur of: (a) the incorporation into this Base 
Prospectus of the Group’s and the Bank’s respective BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2023 and (b) replacements of the sections herein titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations” and “Selected Statistical and Other Information,” the BRSA Annual Financial 
Statements for the Group or the Bank as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 that are 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus shall be automatically deleted from, and shall no longer be considered to

--- Page 20 ---
xix 
be incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus; it being understood that the financial information as of and for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 that is included within the BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2022 shall remain so incorporated. Furthermore, at such time (the “Annual Update Time”), the financial 
information with respect to the Group (and of any member thereof) and the Bank (including all related amounts, percentages 
and discussion) as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 (including comparisons thereof to 31 December 2021 and the 
year then ended or any other date or period) in this Base Prospectus shall be automatically deleted in its entirety from, and 
shall thereafter not form part of, this Base Prospectus (including, without limitation, in the sections titled “Summary 
Financial and Other Information,” “The Group and its Business,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations” and “Selected Statistical and Other Information”). 
For the purpose of clarification, potential investors in any Notes issued after the Annual Update Time shall not, and 
are not entitled to, rely upon any such financial information with respect to the Group (and any member thereof) or the Bank 
relating to 31 December 2020 and the year then ended (including comparisons thereof to 31 December 2021 and the year 
then ended or any other date or period) included within this Base Prospectus as in effect prior to the Annual Update Time.

--- Page 21 ---
xx 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
General Description of the Programme ....................................................................................................................................... 1 
Risk Factors ............................................................................................................................................................................... 11 
Use of Proceeds ......................................................................................................................................................................... 54 
Summary Financial and Other Information ............................................................................................................................... 56 
Capitalisation of the Group ........................................................................................................................................................ 60 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .................................................... 61 
Selected Statistical and Other Information ................................................................................................................................ 98 
The Group and its Business ..................................................................................................................................................... 119 
Risk Management .................................................................................................................................................................... 140 
Management ............................................................................................................................................................................ 145 
Ownership ................................................................................................................................................................................ 153 
Related Party Transactions ...................................................................................................................................................... 155 
The Turkish Banking Sector .................................................................................................................................................... 156 
Turkish Regulatory Environment ............................................................................................................................................ 158 
Form of the Notes .................................................................................................................................................................... 193 
Form of Applicable Final Terms.............................................................................................................................................. 197 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ......................................................................................................................................... 220 
Book-entry Clearing Systems .................................................................................................................................................. 276 
Taxation ................................................................................................................................................................................... 280 
Certain Considerations for ERISA and other U.S. Employee Benefit Plans ........................................................................... 289 
Subscription and Sale .............................................................................................................................................................. 290 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions ............................................................................................................................................. 292 
Legal Matters ........................................................................................................................................................................... 307 
Enforcement of Judgments and Service of Process ................................................................................................................. 308 
Other General Information ....................................................................................................................................................... 310 
Index of Defined Terms ........................................................................................................................................................... 314 
 
Appendix A 
Overview of Differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles ......................................................................................... 318

--- Page 22 ---
1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme might not contain all of the information that might be 
important to prospective investors in the Notes. This entire Base Prospectus, including the more detailed information 
regarding the Bank’s business and the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
should be read carefully. Investing in the Notes involves risks. The information set forth under “Risk Factors” should be 
carefully considered. Certain statements in this Base Prospectus are forward-looking statements that also involve 
uncertainties as described in “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” 
The Group 
The Bank is a full service commercial and retail bank with its headquarters in İstanbul, Türkiye, and, as of 
31 December 2022, was the second largest Turkish bank in terms of assets, loans and deposits and fourth in terms of branch 
network according to the BRSA and the Banks Association of Türkiye. According to the BRSA, as of such date, the Bank’s 
market share in total assets was 11.72% and its lending market share (based upon value of loans) was 12.31%. 
The Bank was founded on 13 April 1954 under the special law numbered 6219 “Türkiye Vakıflar Bankası Türk 
Anonim Ortaklığı Kanunu” (The Law Establishing Türkiye Vakıflar Bankası Turkish Joint Stock Company) (the “Vakıfbank 
Law”) and its initial purpose was the management of the cash revenues and expenditures of certain governmental charitable 
foundations that were set up during the Ottoman Empire. The Bank was established in Ankara and quickly began conducting 
banking activities with branch offices in İstanbul, Ankara and İzmir. 
In 1956, after conducting studies and surveys in the major economic centres across Türkiye, the Bank expanded by 
opening an additional 10 branches. In 1957, the Bank made its first venture towards broadening its services with the 
establishment of Türkiye Sigorta A.Ş. (“Türkiye Sigorta”), a non-life insurance subsidiary. Over the next 20 years, the Bank 
continued to expand its geographic presence in Türkiye by opening new branches throughout Türkiye, including in other 
important commercial and industrial regions. By 1977, the Bank had 206 branch offices. 
The Bank is controlled by the Turkish Treasury, which on 11 December 2019 acquired shares in the Bank that had 
previously been held by various foundations managed by the General Directorate of Foundations (T.C. Vakıflar Genel 
Müdürlüğü) (the “GDF”), which acquisition was effected pursuant to Decree No. 696 (“Decree No. 696”) published in the 
Official Gazette on 24 December 2017 that amended the Vakıfbank Law. According to Decree No. 696, the Bank’s Class A 
and B shares that were previously owned by such foundations were to be transferred to the Turkish Treasury following the 
decision of the President regarding the share price of the Bank, which price was to be determined based upon the appraisal of 
three firms (the “President’s Decision regarding the Share Transfer”). Following the President’s Decision regarding the 
Share Transfer, the transfer occurred on 11 December 2019. Additionally, on 11 May 2020, the Bank’s Board decided to 
increase the Bank’s capital through a private placement of new Class D shares to Türkiye’s sovereign wealth fund (Türkiye 
Varlık Fonu) (the “Türkiye Wealth Fund”), which sale was completed on 20 May 2020, resulting in an increase in the Bank’s 
capital of TL 7.0 billion. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 89.54% of the Bank’s shares are held directly or indirectly by 
the Turkish Treasury (including 74.79% that are held by the Türkiye Wealth Fund), 6.36% are publicly traded (excluding the 
Class D shares held by the Türkiye Wealth Fund), 4.06% are held by the Vakıfbank Pension Fund, 0.03% are other shares 
held by non-affiliated foundations and 0.02% are other shares held by individuals, legal entities and non-affiliated 
foundations. 
The Türkiye Wealth Fund contributed an additional TL 13.4 billion in capital to the Bank on 21 March 2022 through 
the purchase of additional shares of common stock, which capital increase was approved at the Bank’s general assembly 
meeting on 25 March 2022. The Türkiye Wealth Fund contributed an additional TL 32.0 billion in capital to the Bank on 
29 March 2023 through the purchase of additional shares of common stock. 
The Bank provides retail, commercial and investment banking services through a network (as of 31 March 2023) of 
945 full service branches distributed throughout Türkiye and four branches abroad. The Bank’s branch network covers all of 
the 81 cities in Türkiye, including (as of such date) 132 branches in Ankara, 235 branches in İstanbul and 74 branches in 
İzmir. As of such date, the Bank had eight corporate branches, four in İstanbul, two in Ankara, one in İzmir and one in 
Gaziantep (which branches are included in the calculation of the relevant city’s branch network). Corporate centres serve the 
Bank’s corporate customers and can also be considered as full service branches as these branches can extend retail loans or 
residential mortgage loans to executives or partners of corporate clients.

--- Page 23 ---
2 
Internationally, the Bank (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) has one subsidiary in Austria, one subsidiary in the 
Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, one branch in New York City, one branch in Erbil (in the Republic of Iraq) and one 
branch in Bahrain. In February 2019, the Bank obtained the approval of the BRSA to open representative offices in the PRC 
and Qatar with the purpose of enhancing the international operations of the Bank. In February 2021, the Bank opened a 
branch in Qatar and then opened an office in the PRC in April 2023. In addition, the Bank offers its services through 
alternative distribution channels (“ADCs”), including automated teller machines (“ATMs”), a call centre and internet banking. 
The call centre and internet banking together served more than 25.9 million customers during 2022. See “The Group and its 
Business - Alternative Distribution Channels.” 
The Bank had 16,961 employees as of 31 December 2022, and as of the same date the Bank had approximately 
21.5 million retail customers, over 5,640 corporate clients and over 66,430 commercial banking clients (of which there were 
over 606,000 small and medium enterprise (“SME”) clients). The BRSA’s definition of SMEs includes enterprises 
established in Türkiye having turnover not exceeding TL 250,000 thousand and enterprises established outside of Türkiye 
that are considered as SMEs by the banking authority of the relevant jurisdiction in which they are established. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had approximately 22.2 million customers and a network of 949 branches and 
4,148 ATMs. As of such date, the Bank’s total state deposits were TL 158.7 billion and its ratio of state deposits to overall 
deposits was 14.08%. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group had total assets of TL 1,707.0 billion (TL 712.1 billion and TL 1,028.9 billion, 
respectively, as of 31 December 2020 and 2021), total cash loans of TL 952.5 billion (TL 431.9 billion and TL 589.6 billion, 
respectively, as of 31 December 2020 and 2021) and shareholders’ equity (including minority interests) of TL 106.5 billion 
(TL 47.2 billion and TL 54.2 billion, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 and 2021). 
The Bank’s registered office and the business address of the Bank’s executive management and its Board of 
Directors (the “Board”) is Finanskent Mahallesi Finans Caddesi No: 40/1, N 7/A-B Ümraniye, İstanbul, Türkiye. The 
telephone number of the Bank is +90 216 724 10 00. The Bank’s registration number is 776444. 
For information on the Bank’s credit ratings, see “The Group and its Business - Credit Ratings.” 
Organisation 
The Bank has four principal business departments: Retail Banking, Corporate & Commercial Banking, International 
Banking and Treasury and Investment Banking. In addition, the Bank (including through its subsidiaries and other companies 
in which the Bank has an interest) provides brokerage, insurance, fund and portfolio management and overseas banking 
services. 
Retail Banking 
Retail banking has long been the Bank’s primary focus. The Bank provides a broad range of retail banking and 
financial services to its retail customers, including Turkish Lira and foreign currency deposits, loans (including auto and 
mortgage loans), credit and debit cards, investment accounts, utility payments and payroll services. The Bank’s primary 
target market for its retail banking operations is middle-income individuals, including managers and employees in state-
controlled entities, private sector employees and retirees. SME lending (handled through the Bank’s Commercial Banking 
department) is a core part of the Bank’s business and provides important cross-selling opportunities with the Bank’s Retail 
Banking department (for example, the owners and employees of the Bank’s SME customers). 
Commercial Banking 
The Bank’s Commercial Banking department, which includes groups focusing on corporate, commercial and SME 
customers, is responsible for the Bank’s relationships with corporate entities (whether multinationals, large Turkish 
corporations or SMEs) and state-controlled bodies. While the Commercial Banking department places particular emphasis on 
foreign currency-denominated transactions and trade finance facilities, its product portfolio also includes project finance 
loans, collection services, cash transfer services, business-to-business activities, foreign exchange services, corporate finance 
services, electronic banking services, cash management services and investment services.

--- Page 24 ---
3 
International Banking 
The Bank focuses on international operations to maintain market share, for product and risk differentiation, to gain a 
greater presence in global financial markets and to meet the changing needs of existing and potential clients. This department 
also conducts activities generating long-term resources and funding for the Bank from international financial markets through 
syndicated loans, bond issuances, “future flow” transactions and other products. 
Treasury and Investment Banking 
The Treasury and Investment Banking department is comprised of two divisions, Treasury and Investment Banking. 
The Treasury division’s main goals are to diversify and enhance the quantity and quality of the Bank’s funding sources and to 
maintain its position as a market maker in the Turkish money markets. The Bank aims to achieve these goals through its 
centralised Treasury management, which oversees the funding of the commercial, retail and investment banking activities of 
the Bank as well as its treasury activities. The Investment Banking division seeks to achieve high trading volumes in equities, 
mutual funds and government securities to improve the Bank’s market share in capital markets transactions and further 
contribute to the overall financial results of the division. 
Key Strengths 
The Bank’s management believes that the Group has a number of key strengths that enable the Group to compete 
effectively in the Turkish banking sector. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management sees these key 
strengths as being: 
• 
a broad customer base with cross-selling potential, including: (a) a retail franchise of approximately 
21.5 million customers (including 1.9 million payroll clients) with a leading market position among the 
Turkish middle class according to the BRSA market share data and (b) a commercial banking practice 
focused on the SME sector with over 606,004 clients, 
• 
access to and understanding of state-related companies as a result of long-standing relationships, 
• 
a comprehensive range of banking products especially in key growth product segments, such as retail and 
SME lending, 
• 
brand name recognition and customer service, 
• 
a nationwide branch network and alternative distribution channels, including a strong presence and 
competitive advantage in Anatolia and increased focus on the Marmara region (primarily through branch 
openings in İstanbul), and 
• 
profitability supported by cost control and a strong deposit base. 
Advantages of being a State-Controlled Bank. The Bank’s management believes that the Group has a number of 
advantages arising from its relationship with the Turkish state. These advantages include: 
• 
an ownership structure that provides the stability of a state-controlled entity as well as the flexibility of a 
private sector institution, 
• 
preferential access to subordinated debt or capital from the Turkish state; it being understood that there is 
no commitment on the part of the Turkish state to provide any such amounts,

--- Page 25 ---
4 
• 
lower cost and more reliable funding from state-controlled entity deposits, and 
• 
state-guaranteed special multinational borrowings from the World Bank, the European Investment Bank 
(the “EIB”) and KfW Development Bank (“KfW”), which borrowings are unconditionally guaranteed by 
the Turkish Treasury. 
Strategy 
The Group’s overall strategic objective is to become one of the leading banking groups in Türkiye in terms of assets, 
loans and deposits by leveraging its existing franchise and customer base. The key elements of the Group’s strategy are set 
out below: 
• 
focus on the rapidly growing retail and SME sectors as key growth prospects, 
• 
improve cross-selling ratio to all client segments, 
• 
continue diversifying its deposit base, and 
• 
improve overall operations and systems. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should refer to “The Group and its Business - Strategy” for more detail on the key 
strategies outlined above. 
Risks described in Risk Factors 
Investing in the Notes entails risks. Before investing in the Notes, potential investors should carefully review “Risk 
Factors” below, which sets out certain risks relating to political, economic and legal circumstances, the Turkish banking 
industry, the Group and its business, the Group’s relationship with the Turkish government (which indirectly controls the 
Bank) and the Notes themselves, which risks are organised in appropriate categories and sub-categories as required by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Potential investors in the Notes should not consider the factors discussed under “Risk Factors” to be a 
complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties of investing in the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
5 
The Programme 
The following overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 and does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. This general description only relates to the Conditions of the Notes as set out in this 
Base Prospectus. Notes may be issued under the Programme in a form other than that contemplated in such Conditions, and 
where any such Notes are to be: (a) admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or another regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II or (b) offered to the public in the EEA in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a new prospectus will be prepared and published 
by the Issuer. 
Issuer: .........................................................  
Türkiye Vakıflar Bankası T.A.O. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): .........  
789000KAIHOLSQKQ9858 
Description: ................................................  
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Arrangers: ..................................................  
Standard Chartered Bank and/or any other arranger(s) appointed from time to 
time in accordance with the Programme Agreement (each of them an 
“Arranger”). 
Dealers: ......................................................  
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC
BNP Paribas
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC
Erste Group Bank AG
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC
Goldman Sachs International
HSBC Bank plc
ING Bank N.V., London Branch
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., London Branch
J.P. Morgan Securities plc
Mashreqbank psc
Mizuho International plc 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc
Natixis
QNB Capital LLC
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited
Société Générale
Standard Chartered Bank
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealer(s) appointed from time to time in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Risk Factors: ..............................................  
There are certain factors that might affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. In addition, there are certain risk factors that are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the 
Notes. For a discussion of certain risk factors relating to Türkiye, the Bank 
and the Notes that prospective investors should carefully consider prior to 
making an investment in the Notes, including certain risks relating to the 
structure of particular Series of Notes and certain market risks, see “Risk

--- Page 27 ---
6 
Factors.” 
Certain Restrictions: ..................................  
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will 
only be issued in circumstances that comply therewith from time to time (see 
“Transfer and Selling Restrictions”), including the following restriction 
applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year: Notes having, on the Issue 
Date thereof, a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the issue 
are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition 
on accepting deposits contained in Section 19 of the FSMA unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of 
at least £100,000 or its equivalent. 
Fiscal Agent: ..............................................  
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Programme Size: ........................................  
Up to US$7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding as of the time of each 
issuance of Notes. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: ...............................................  
Notes may be distributed by way of private or (other than in the United 
States) public placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
Currencies: .................................................  
Each Series of Notes may be denominated, and payments in respect of each 
Series of Notes may be made, in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, RMB, Japanese 
Yen, Turkish Lira, Norwegian Kroner, Czech Koruna, Romanian Leu, 
Singaporean dollars, Polish Zloty or, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions, any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) and set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Payments of principal and interest on a Note denominated in Turkish Lira 
will (subject to the following paragraph) be made by the Bank in Turkish 
Lira; however, if “USD Payment Election” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable and such Note is not represented by a Global Note 
held by Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) (or a nominee thereof), then the 
holder of such Note (or a beneficial interest therein) may make an irrevocable 
election to receive an individual forthcoming payment in U.S. dollars. See 
Condition 7.8. 
 
Payments of principal and interest on a Note denominated in a specified 
currency (the “Specified Currency”) other than U.S. dollars for which DTC is 
the clearing system will be made by the Bank in such Specified Currency to 
the Exchange Agent but will be paid (after conversion by the Exchange 
Agent) to the investor(s) in such Note in U.S. dollars; however, if an investor 
wishes to receive such payment in such Specified Currency, then it may make 
an affirmative election to receive payment on such Note in such Specified 
Currency. See Condition 7.9. 
 
Payment in respect of Notes denominated in Renminbi may be made in U.S. 
dollars if “RMB Currency Event” is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and a RMB Currency Event occurs. See

--- Page 28 ---
7 
Condition 7.11. 
Maturities: ..................................................  
Each Series of Notes will have such maturity as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s), subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws applicable to the Issuer 
or the relevant Specified Currency.
Issue Price: .................................................  
Notes may be issued at an issue price that is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par (for each Tranche of Notes, its “Issue Price”). 
Form of Notes: ...........................................  
Each Series of Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Bearer Notes and vice versa. See “Form of the Notes.” 
 
Each Series of Notes may be fixed rate notes (“Fixed Rate Notes”), floating 
rate notes (“Floating Rate Notes”) or zero coupon notes (“Zero Coupon 
Notes”). 
Fixed Rate Notes: .......................................  
For each Series of Fixed Rate Notes, interest will be payable on such Interest 
Payment Date(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) or investor(s) and on redemption and will be calculated on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and such 
Dealer(s) or investor(s). 
Floating Rate Notes: ..................................  
Each Series of Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions (as amended and 
updated as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the 
relevant Series), 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms) appearing on the agreed screen page of a commercial 
quotation service, or 
 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to a Tranche of Floating Rate Notes will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). Floating 
Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate 
or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s), will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction (as such term is used in Condition 6.6), as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: ...................................  
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest.

--- Page 29 ---
8 
Benchmark Discontinuation - Reference 
Rate Replacement: .....................................  
 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event for a Series of Floating Rate Notes 
other than any Series of Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is 
SOFR and for which Condition 6.7(II) is indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may (subject to certain conditions and 
following consultation with an Independent Advisor) determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(I). 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event for a Series of Floating Rate Notes 
for which the Reference Rate is SOFR and for which Condition 6.7(II) is 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Benchmark 
Replacement shall replace the then-current Benchmark and, in either case, the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(II). 
Redemption: .................................................. The applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Notes will indicate either that 
such Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or as a result of an acceleration due to an Event of Default) 
or that such Notes also will be redeemable: (a) at the option of the applicable 
Noteholders following a Change of Control and/or (b) at the option of the 
Issuer and/or the applicable Noteholders upon giving notice to the applicable 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) 
and set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Denomination of Notes: .............................  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) and set out in the 
applicable Final Terms, except that the minimum denomination of each Note 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II 
and/or that are to be offered to the public in a Member State in circumstances 
that would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation will be: (a) such minimum amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any applicable laws and (b) equal to, or greater than, €100,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency as of the applicable Issue Date). 
 
Notwithstanding the above, and unless set forth in the applicable Final Terms 
otherwise, IAI Definitive Notes and beneficial interests in IAI Global Notes 
will be issued only in minimum denominations of US$500,000 and integral 
multiples of US$1,000 in excess thereof (or its approximate equivalent in the 
applicable Specified Currency at the applicable Issue Date).

--- Page 30 ---
9 
Taxation; Payment of Additional 
Amounts: ....................................................  
 
All payments of principal and interest on the Notes (including with respect to 
the Coupons, if any) by (or on behalf of) the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, levies, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
(“Taxes”) imposed, assessed or levied by (or on behalf of) any Relevant 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will (subject to certain exceptions) pay such additional 
amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts that would have 
been receivable on the Notes (including with respect to the Coupons, if any) 
in the absence of the withholding or deduction. See “Taxation – Certain 
Turkish Tax Considerations” and Condition 9.1. 
 
All payments on the Notes (including with respect to the Coupons, if any) 
will be made subject to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
FATCA, as provided in Condition 7.1; it being understood that, in accordance 
with Condition 9.1, in no event will the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other 
Person be required to pay any Additional Amounts or other amounts in 
respect of the Notes (including on Coupons) for, or on account of, any 
FATCA Withholding Tax.
Negative Pledge: ........................................  
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further 
described in Condition 4. 
Certain Covenants: ....................................  
The Conditions (except, for any Series, as altered in the Final Terms for such 
Series) provide that the Bank agrees to certain covenants, including covenants 
limiting transactions with affiliates. See Condition 5. 
Events of Default: ......................................  
The Conditions provide that the Notes will be subject to certain Events of 
Default, including (among others) non-payment, breach of obligations, cross-
acceleration and certain bankruptcy and insolvency events. See Condition 11. 
Status of the Notes: ....................................  
The Notes and Coupons will (except, with respect to any Series, to the extent 
provided otherwise in a supplement to the Agency Agreement, for which a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus might be prepared or a further prospectus 
issued) be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions 
of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 4) will rank pari passu without any preference or 
priority among themselves and with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, but, in the event 
of insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or similar event relating to the Issuer, 
only to the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors’ rights. 
Rating: ........................................................  
The Programme has been rated “B-” (for long-term issuances) and “B” (for 
short-term issuances) by Fitch and “B3” (for long-term issuances) by 
Moody’s. As of the date of this Base Prospectus: (a) the “Ratings Definitions” 
of Fitch describe a “B” rating as indicating that: (i) material default risk is 
present but a limited margin of safety remains and (ii) financial commitments 
of the Issuer are currently being met; however, capacity for continued 
payment is vulnerable to deterioration in the business and economic 
environment (and the assignment of the modifier “-” denotes the relative 
status of the Notes within the “B” rating category), and (b) Moody’s “Rating 
Symbols and Definitions” defines a “B” rating as reflecting an obligation that 
is speculative and subject to high credit risk (and the assignment of the

--- Page 31 ---
10 
numerical modifier “3” indicates that Moody’s considers the Notes to fall 
within the lower end of this credit rating category). 
Series of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
the initial such rating(s) will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating (if any) assigned to the 
Programme by the relevant rating agency. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
ERISA: .......................................................  
Subject to certain conditions, the Notes may be invested in by an “employee 
benefit plan” as defined in and subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), of the United States, a 
“plan” as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or any entity 
whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing. See 
“Certain Considerations for ERISA and other U.S. Employee Benefit Plans.” 
Listing and Admission to Trading: ............  
An application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued during the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to 
the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
 
Notes of a Series may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). Notes that are neither 
listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. The Final 
Terms for a Tranche will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be 
listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) and/or 
market(s). 
Governing Law: .........................................  
The Notes, the Agency Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant and the Deed Poll, and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection therewith, are or will be (as applicable) governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law.
Selling Restrictions: ...................................  
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) in (inter alia) Türkiye, the United States, the EEA 
(including Belgium), the UK, the PRC, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan, 
Canada and Switzerland, and there will be such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes. See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
United States Selling Restrictions: ............  
Regulation S (Category 2), Rule 144A and Section 4(a)(2). Bearer Notes with 
a term of greater than one year will be issued in compliance with rules 
identical 
to 
those 
provided 
in: 
(a) 
U.S. 
Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(“TEFRA C”) 
or 
(b) 
U.S. 
Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (“TEFRA D”) such that the Bearer Notes will 
not constitute “registration-required obligations” under Section 4701(b) of the 
Code, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such rules impose certain 
additional restrictions on transfers of Bearer Notes (or, for Bearer Global 
Notes, beneficial interests therein).

--- Page 32 ---
11 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves risk. Prospective investors in the Notes should carefully consider the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and the documents (or portions thereof) that are incorporated by reference 
herein, and in particular should consider all of the risks inherent in making such an investment before making a decision to 
invest in the Notes. Investors in the Notes assume the risk that the Issuer might become insolvent or otherwise be unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes. 
There is a wide range of factors that individually or together might result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all 
payments due in respect of the Notes. It is not possible to identify all such factors or (other than the most material within 
each category of risks) to rank their materiality as the Issuer might not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors 
that it currently deems not to be material might become material as a result of the occurrence of future events of which the 
Issuer does not have knowledge as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a 
number of factors that might materially adversely affect its ability to make payments due under the Notes; however, the 
Issuer does not represent that the risks set out herein are exhaustive or that other risks might not arise in the future. In 
addition, factors identified by the Issuer that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the 
Notes are also described below. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should consult with appropriate professional advisors to make their own legal, 
tax, business and financial evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in the Notes. 
As a large national Turkish bank, the Issuer’s business is significantly impacted by the condition of the Turkish 
economy, which itself is significantly influenced by Turkish political circumstances and global economic conditions 
(particularly in those countries with whom Türkiye has a material trading relationship). The category of risk factors entitled 
“Risks Relating to Türkiye” below describes the material risks relating to Türkiye that the Issuer’s management has identified 
as potentially having a material impact on the Issuer, including those impacting materially on its business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations and thus on its ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes. In addition to the 
macroeconomic conditions relating to Türkiye, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations, and thus 
its ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, are also subject to significant risks specific to the Group, including 
the ones discussed in the category of risk factors entitled “Risks Relating to the Group and its Business” below. Prospective 
investors in the Notes should also consider risks relating to the structure of, and market for, the Notes, the material ones of 
which that have been identified by the Issuer’s management are described in the category of risk factors entitled “Risks 
Relating to the Notes” below. 
The exposure of the Group’s business to a market downturn in Türkiye or the other markets in which it operates, or 
any other risks, might exacerbate or trigger other risks that the Group faces. For example, if the Group incurs substantial 
losses due to an economic downturn in Türkiye, then its need for liquidity and/or capital might rise sharply while its access to 
such liquidity and/or capital might be impaired. In addition, in conjunction with an economic downturn, the Group’s 
customers might experience substantial financial difficulties of their own, thereby weakening their financial condition and 
increasing the credit risk of the Group’s exposure to such customers. As such, the below risks should be understood in the 
context that more than one might apply concurrently and compound any adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. 
Risks Relating to Türkiye 
The most material risk to the Issuer’s ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes is that its business, 
including its loan portfolio, deposit base and government securities holdings, is concentrated in Türkiye. In addition, the 
Group’s non-Turkish business and assets (including the business and assets of the Group’s non-Turkish subsidiaries) are 
largely related to Türkiye, such as being related to Turkish customers, exports and imports. 
The Group’s business is significantly dependent upon its customers’ desire to deposit funds with the Group and 
borrow money from the Group and their ability to meet their obligations to the Group, all of which is materially impacted by 
the strength of the Turkish economy. A slowdown or downturn in the Turkish economy because of, among other factors, 
inflation, an increase in domestic interest rates, a decrease in domestic or external demand, an increase in unemployment, 
changes in economic, monetary or fiscal policy or changes in exchange rates for the Turkish Lira might reduce the demand

--- Page 33 ---
12 
for the Group’s services and products, negatively impact the ability of the Group’s customers to meet their obligations to the 
Group and/or decrease the amount of deposits held at the Group. 
Accordingly, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations are significantly subject to the 
political and economic conditions prevailing in Türkiye, investors’ confidence in Türkiye, the Turkish regulatory 
environment and other conditions relating to Türkiye. These principal sub-categories of the risks relating to Türkiye are set 
out in “-Political Conditions,” “-Economic Conditions” and “-Turkish Regulatory and Other Matters” below. 
Political Conditions 
The political circumstances in Türkiye have had (and will continue to have) a material influence on the Turkish 
economy, which in turn have resulted (and will continue to result) in material impacts on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. These conditions include (inter alia) domestic political events, Türkiye’s relationship 
with other nations, internal and regional conflicts and the regulatory framework in Türkiye. The political conditions that the 
Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on the Issuer, including on its ability to make payments due 
in respect of the Notes, are set out in this section. 
Political Developments – Political developments in Türkiye might negatively affect the Group’s business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations 
Negative changes in Türkiye’s domestic and/or international political circumstances, including the inability of the 
Turkish government to devise or implement appropriate economic programmes and the level of investor confidence in 
Türkiye’s economic programmes and governance, might adversely affect the stability of the Turkish economy and, in turn, 
the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
The Turkish political environment has at times been volatile, specifically following an attempted coup on 15 July 
2016 by a group within the Turkish army. Following the coup attempt, including during a two year state of emergency 
implemented by the government, the government has: (a) initiated legal proceedings against numerous institutions (including 
schools, universities, hospitals, associations and foundations), some of which were closed down, (b) arrested, discharged or 
otherwise limited thousands of members of the military, the judiciary and the civil service, (c) restricted media outlets and (d) 
otherwise taken actions in response to the coup attempt, including expansion of these actions to members of the business 
community and the journalism sector. 
In elections held on 24 June 2018, President Erdoğan received approximately 53% of the votes, being re-elected as 
the President, and the Justice and Development Party (Adalet ve Kalkınma Partisi (the “AKP”)), the President’s party, and the 
Nationalist Movement Party (Milliyetçi Hareket Partisi) (MHP), which formed the “People’s Alliance” bloc with the AKP, 
together received sufficient votes to hold a majority of the seats in Parliament. As of 9 July 2018, the parliamentary system 
was transformed into a presidential one and President Erdoğan thus now holds the additional powers granted to the President 
pursuant to a referendum held on 16 April 2017. 
On 9 July 2018, President Erdoğan announced the new ministers of his cabinet, which included the appointment of 
the former minister of Energy and Natural Resources and his son-in-law, Berat Albayrak, as the Minister of Treasury and 
Finance. On 6 July 2019, the governor of the Central Bank was removed from his post by a Presidential Decree and, on the 
same day, President Erdoğan appointed Mr. Murat Uysal, one of the Central Bank’s then-deputy governors, as the new 
governor of the Central Bank. This was followed on 9 August 2019 by the board of the Central Bank, as part of its 
reorganisation, removing from office its chief economist and some other high-ranking officials. On 8 November 2020, 
Mr. Albayrak resigned from his position as Minister of Treasury and Finance and was promptly replaced by Mr. Lutfi Elvan, 
a former Minister of Development and Minister of Transport, Maritime and Communication. Following the depreciation of 
the Turkish Lira to its weakest value to that date (exceeding TL 8.5 per U.S. dollar), the governor of the Central Bank was 
replaced by a Presidential Decree on 7 November 2020 and then (on 20 March 2021) was replaced again after a series of rate 
increases. The dismissal of Mr. Naci Ağbal, the then-governor of the Central Bank on 20 March 2021, led to a negative 
market reaction, with investors’ sales of certain Turkish assets leading to the value of the Borsa İstanbul 100 stock index 
declining by 9.6% in a week and the Turkish Lira depreciating by 9.9% against the U.S. dollar (from TL 7.27 per U.S. dollar 
before the dismissal of the governor to TL 7.99 per U.S. dollar) during the same period. The Central Bank policy rate 
increased throughout 2020 and into 2021 (topping at 19.00% from March to September 2021) as a result of ongoing higher 
inflation and increasing inflation expectations; however, contrary to the expectations of some market participants, the rate

--- Page 34 ---
13 
was reduced by 100 basis points (to 18.00%) in September 2021, at which time the Central Bank also removed its 
commitment to keep its policy rate above inflation, creating increased uncertainty in the monetary policy framework in 
Türkiye. 
On 13 October 2021, three members of the Central Bank’s monetary policy committee were replaced, and the 
Central Bank further reduced its policy rate by a larger-than-expected 200 basis points (to 16.00%) on 21 October 2021. On 
18 November 2021, the rate was reduced by a further 100 basis points to 15.00%. On 2 December 2021, during a period of 
depreciation of the Turkish Lira, Mr. Elvan resigned as Minister of Treasury and Finance and was replaced by Mr. Nureddin 
Nebati. On 16 December 2021, the Central Bank reduced its policy rate by another 100 basis points to 14.00%, following 
which the Turkish Lira reached a then all-time low of TL 17.4731/US$1 on 20 December 2021 given the Central Bank’s 
accommodative stance despite high inflationary conditions. Subsequently, the Turkish government, among other things, 
introduced a foreign exchange-protected Turkish Lira deposit scheme in an effort to reduce the volatility in exchange rates 
and lower the inflation rate, as a result of which the Turkish Lira appreciated by 31.1% against the US dollar (to 
TL 13.3290/US$1) from 20 December to 31 December 2021. In 2022, the Central Bank initially held the rate 
notwithstanding rapidly increasing inflation and then, contrary to the expectations of many market participants, reduced the 
rate to 13.00% on 18 August 2022 and again to 12.00% on 22 September 2022, both of which reductions resulted in the 
Turkish Lira declining to a new all-time low, and then further reduced the rate to 10.50% on 20 October 2022, 9.00% on 
24 November 2022 and 8.50% on 23 February 2023. As of 31 December 2022, the exchange rate had fallen further to 
TL 18.6985/US$1. After the presidential elections in May 2023, the governor of the Central Bank and the Minister of 
Treasury and Finance were replaced again, after which the first meeting of the Central Bank’s Monetary Policy Committee 
increased the rate to 15.00%. The Central Bank has actively employed other tools to seek to support the Turkish Lira’s 
exchange rate even while reducing the policy rate. Any failure of the Central Bank and/or the Turkish Treasury to implement 
effective policies might adversely affect the Turkish economy and thus have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Municipal elections were held on 31 March 2019, as a result of which the AKP lost control of several major cities, 
including İstanbul, Ankara and Antalya; however, the AKP claimed election fraud in, and requested to repeat the elections in, 
İstanbul. On 6 May 2019, the Supreme Election Board ordered a revote for İstanbul mayor in an election to be held on 
23 June 2019. In the revote, Mr. Ekrem İmamoğlu, the CHP’s candidate who had been declared the winner of the 31 March 
2019 elections and had been installed as mayor until the revote decision of the Supreme Election Board, increased his 
majority to 54.21% and he was reinstalled as mayor on 27 June 2019. In December 2022, a court convicted Mr. İmamoğlu of 
violating a law prohibiting insulting public officials, for which he was sentenced to over two years in prison, which sentence 
is currently being appealed. General and presidential elections were held on 14 May 2023, with the AKP’s coalition retaining 
a majority of the seats in Parliament; however, the presidential elections went to a second round as no candidate earned a 
majority of the vote. The second round was held on 28 May 2023, with President Erdoğan winning a third five-year term. 
In addition to domestic events, there has from time to time been political tension between Türkiye and the EU, 
certain members of the EU and the United States. With respect to the EU, see “-Relationship with the European Union” 
below. With respect to the United States, various events during recent years have impacted the relationship, including: (a) the 
conflicts against the self-proclaimed jihadist Islamic State (“ISIS”) and in Syria, (b) relationships with Iran (including the 
purchase of oil from Iran), (c) the October 2019 U.S. federal indictment of state-controlled bank Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş. 
(“Halkbank”) asserting violations of U.S. sanctions on Iran, (d) the arrest and detention of Pastor Andrew Brunson in 2018, 
(e) Türkiye’s December 2017 entry into a contract with Russia for the purchase of S-400 missile defence systems as 
described further below and (f) Türkiye’s position with Russia in light of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine 
(particularly in light of U.S., UK and EU sanctions against Russia). Such events have resulted in a number of actions by the 
U.S. from time to time, including the temporary imposition of sanctions in 2018 and the temporary suspension of visa 
services to Turkish nationals. Any such events or future events might materially alter the relationship between Türkiye and 
the United States, particularly in the context of the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 (see “-Terrorism and 
Conflicts”). 
In December 2017, Türkiye entered into a contract with Russia for the purchase of S-400 missile defence systems, 
the first shipments of which were received on 12 July 2019. As a result, Türkiye was excluded from NATO’s F-35 stealth 
fighter jet programme on 17 July 2019. On 11 December 2020, the U.S. Congress passed (on a bipartisan basis) an annual 
defense spending bill that included a requirement that (within 30 days from enactment) sanctions be imposed by the U.S. 
administration upon Türkiye in connection with Türkiye’s purchase of the S-400 missile defence systems and, on 
14 December 2020, the U.S. administration announced sanctions on Türkiye’s Presidency of Defence Industries (the “SSB”)

--- Page 35 ---
14 
and its president and other senior officers pursuant to Section 231, widely known as CAATSA (the Countering America’s 
Adversaries Through Sanctions Act), for Türkiye’s continued possession of the Russian S-400 missile defence system. The 
imposed sanctions include: (a) a ban on all U.S. export licenses and authorisations to the SSB and (b) an asset freeze and visa 
restrictions on the SSB’s president and other SSB officers. While such sanctions were less impactful than others that were 
available to be imposed and did not have a material impact on Turkish markets, it is uncertain if the U.S. will impose 
additional sanctions or other measures against Türkiye and, if imposed, how such might impact the Turkish economy and/or 
the relationship between Türkiye and any other NATO member. 
In October 2020, conflict broke out between Armenia and Azerbaijan over the disputed territory of Nagorno-
Karabakh. Türkiye supported the efforts by Azerbaijan, which again put it in conflict with Russian interests. 
In late 2021, the Taliban, a Sharia Islamic militant group, took over Afghanistan, which has created expectations of 
a potential new migration wave through Europe and Türkiye. President Erdoğan and other high-level Turkish officials have 
made various statements noting that Türkiye will not shoulder the burden of a new migration wave; however, there is no 
certainty as to what impact on Türkiye any such migration might have. Türkiye’s future relationship with the Taliban is also 
uncertain given the complex geopolitical circumstances relating to Afghanistan. 
The above-mentioned events, future elections, changes in the governance and operation of Türkiye’s institutions 
and/or other political circumstances might: (a) result in the volatility of Turkish financial markets, have an adverse effect on 
investors’ perception of Türkiye and its institutions, including with respect to their actual or perceived independence, and/or 
have an adverse effect on Türkiye’s ability to support economic growth and manage domestic social conditions, (b) result in 
(or contribute to) a deterioration of the relationship between Türkiye and the EU, certain members of the EU, the United 
States, Russia and/or other countries and/or (c) have an adverse impact on the Turkish economy or Turkish institutions, any 
of which in turn might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations 
and/or on the market price of an investment in the Notes. 
Terrorism and Conflicts – Türkiye and its economy are subject to external and internal unrest and the threat of terrorism 
Türkiye is located in a region that has been subject to ongoing political and security concerns, including political 
instability and frequent incidences of violence in a number of countries in the Middle East and North Africa. In particular, the 
conflicts in Syria and Afghanistan and against ISIS have been the subject of significant international attention and conditions 
in the region remain volatile. Unrest in these countries might affect Türkiye’s relationships with its neighbours, have political 
implications both within Türkiye and in its relationship with other countries and/or have a negative impact on the Turkish 
economy, including through both financial markets and the real economy. Such impacts might occur (inter alia) through the 
significant movement of Syrian and Afghan refugees (including through Türkiye into the EU), a lower flow of foreign direct 
investment into Türkiye, capital outflows and/or increased volatility in the Turkish financial markets. 
In connection with the conflicts in Syria, there have been military and civilian hostilities in both directions across the 
Syrian-Turkish border followed by the commencement by the Turkish military to establish a “safe zone” in northern Syria, 
which might have political repercussions both within Türkiye and in its relationship with the United States, Russia, Syria, 
Iran and/or other countries and/or have an adverse impact on the Turkish economy. See “-Political Developments” above. 
The on-going conflict with the Kurdistan Worker’s Party (the “PKK”) also might (inter alia) negatively impact the Turkish 
economy and/or Türkiye’s relationship with the United States. 
The Turkish military commenced military operations in northern Syria in October 2019. This engagement expanded, 
including in particular around Idlib, and has resulted in many Turkish casualties and increased direct conflicts between the 
Turkish and Syrian militaries. Although Türkiye and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement in March 2020, a permanent 
diplomatic solution has not yet been reached and it is possible that this conflict might escalate further. The conflicts in 
Nagorno-Karabakh described in “-Political Developments” also might contribute to further disagreements between Türkiye 
and Russia. 
Most recently, Russia invaded Ukraine on 24 February 2022, triggering significant geopolitical tension. As a result 
thereof, the United States, the UK, the EU and other jurisdictions have imposed significant and broad economic and other 
sanctions upon Russia, parts of Russian-controlled Ukraine and various designated entities and individuals that have 
contributed military and other supplies to Ukraine, which included restrictions on the import of Russian oil and transactions 
with the Russian central bank and a number of Russian banks. Certain countries froze the assets of the Russian central bank

--- Page 36 ---
15 
and the United States barred U.S. agents and other financial intermediaries from making payments on Russian debt payments, 
making it harder for Russia to repay its international debts (in June 2022, Russia defaulted on part of its foreign currency-
denominated debt). Some Russian banks have been removed from the international financial messaging system SWIFT and 
several international companies have disposed of, liquidated, suspended or otherwise limited their businesses in Russia. This 
has already had, and likely will continue to have, a material impact on: (a) global economic and market conditions, including 
increasing inflation (particularly for food, energy and shipping costs), contributing to volatility in interest and exchange rates 
and exacerbating already difficult global supply chain challenges (including through limitations on imports to and exports 
from Russia), and (b) geopolitical relationships and militarisation. According to the International Monetary Fund’s January 
2023 World Economic Outlook report, the war in Ukraine (including sanctions on Russia) has negatively impacted global 
economic growth and increase inflation, with estimates that Ukraine and Russia experienced declines in real gross domestic 
product (“GDP”) of 35.0% (from such report in April 2022) and 2.2%, respectively, in 2022, and growth for the EU in 2022 
being reduced to 3.5% from a pre-war prediction of 3.9%. Projections for global growth in 2022 were also reduced to 3.4% 
from January 2022’s prediction of 4.4%. It is also possible that this war could lead to further military conflicts, particularly 
involving Eastern Europe, and extension or escalations in the conflict could lead to additional sanctions being imposed on 
Russia, thereby leading to more economic disruption. While, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Turkish government 
has indicated that it seeks to maintain functioning relationships with all parties, there can be no certainty as to how events 
might develop and their impact on Türkiye, including due to Türkiye’s complex relationship with Russia and Türkiye’s 
membership in NATO (including its ability to veto new NATO applicants, such as Sweden). 
In 2022, Türkiye received 5.2 million and 0.7 million tourists from Russia and Ukraine, respectively, representing 
13.3% of all international tourists during the year. The total exports to these two countries was US$12.4 billion in 2022 
whereas imports were US$63.3 billion, representing 4.9% and 17.4% of Türkiye’s exports and imports, respectively, during 
the year. Any negative impacts on these results relating to the war in Ukraine might have a significant adverse effect on the 
Turkish economy, including the balance of payments and inflation. In addition, as Türkiye is a net energy importer, higher 
global oil and natural gas prices might result in higher energy costs for consumers and companies (in March 2022, Brent 
crude oil prices increased to the highest level since 2008, which prices then declined but might increase further, including as 
a result of the conflict in Ukraine and related sanctions, particularly if Russian energy supplies become subjected to 
additional sanctions and/or Russia continues to reduce or stops its supply of energy to Europe). These increases in the current 
account deficit, particularly when combined with monetary tightening in developed economies, might contribute to the 
depreciation pressure on the Turkish Lira, which might result in even higher inflation in Türkiye. 
The above (or similar) circumstances have had and might continue to have a material adverse effect on the Turkish 
economy and thus on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations, whether as a result of: (a) direct 
impacts on the Turkish economy (such as a result of any disruption to energy flows from Russia or reductions in tourism, 
whether as a result of sanctions or otherwise) or indirect impacts (such as from increasing global inflation, volatility in energy 
and commodity prices, disruptions to supply chains and related impacts on global growth, increased funding costs, decreased 
liquidity and/or decreased access to wholesale funding markets) and/or (b) any deterioration in the relationship between 
Türkiye and the United States, Russia and/or other countries. 
Relationship with the European Union – Uncertainties relating to Türkiye’s relationship with the European Union might 
adversely affect the Turkish financial markets and result in greater volatility 
Türkiye has had a long-term relationship with the EU, including as a candidate country for EU membership since the 
Helsinki European Council of December 1999. The EU resolved on 17 December 2004 to commence accession negotiations 
with Türkiye and affirmed that Türkiye’s candidacy to join the EU was to be judged by the same 28 criteria (or “Chapters”) 
applied to other candidates. These criteria require a range of political, legislative and economic reforms to be implemented. 
Although Türkiye has implemented various of these reforms and has continued harmonisation efforts with the EU, 
the relationship between the EU and Türkiye has at times been strained, including due to the passage of Syrian and other 
refugees through Türkiye into the EU. The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe voted on 25 April 2017 to 
restart monitoring Türkiye in connection with human rights, the rule of law and the state of democracy and officials of the 
EU and certain of its member states have since made various references about the suspension of negotiations for Türkiye’s 
potential membership in the EU. On 15 July 2019, the EU adopted certain measures against Türkiye over Türkiye’s drilling 
for gas in waters off Cyprus, including reducing certain funding (including loans via the European Investment Bank) and the 
suspension of high level communications and of the negotiations for a comprehensive air transport agreement. On 
11 November 2019, the EU adopted a framework for imposing sanctions on individuals or entities responsible for, or

--- Page 37 ---
16 
involved in, these drilling activities and, in February 2020, instituted sanctions against two executives of the Turkish drilling 
company. Tensions have also risen between Greece and Türkiye relating to disputed claims over Mediterranean waters, 
particularly in areas around Cyprus in which significant hydrocarbon reserves have been discovered. In October 2020, both 
France and Greece asked the EU to consider suspending the bloc’s customs union agreement with Türkiye and, on 
26 November 2020, the European Parliament passed a non-binding resolution calling for sanctions on Türkiye. On 
11 December 2020, EU leaders agreed to impose sanctions against unspecified individuals and entities involved in activities 
related to the disputed waters, with the identity of these individuals and sanctions to be named shortly thereafter, and noted 
that further sanctions might be imposed in early 2021; however, in March 2021, EU leaders decided to postpone these plans 
in light of increased diplomatic activity. Any decision by the EU to abolish or limit the customs union with Türkiye, end 
Türkiye’s EU accession bid or impose additional sanctions on Türkiye might result in (or contribute to) a deterioration of the 
relationship between Türkiye and the EU and have material negative impacts on Türkiye’s economy. 
These circumstances might result in (or contribute to) a deterioration of the relationship between Türkiye and the EU 
and/or certain of its member states. There can be no assurance that the EU or Türkiye will continue to maintain an open 
approach to Türkiye’s EU membership or that Türkiye will be able to meet all the criteria applicable to becoming an EU 
member state. In the event of a loss of market confidence as a result of deterioration, suspension or termination in Türkiye’s 
EU accession discussions or any other international relations between Türkiye and the EU (or any of its member states), the 
Turkish economy might be adversely affected, which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. 
Economic Conditions 
As a large national bank in Türkiye, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations are 
significantly dependent upon the economic conditions in Türkiye. In addition to domestic influences on the strength of 
Türkiye’s economy, Türkiye’s economy has been and will continue to be significantly impacted by a number of external 
factors, including (inter alia) the economic conditions of Türkiye’s primary trading partners, external fund flows, 
international trade, interest rate and other actions by the U.S. Federal Reserve and the ECB, geopolitical tensions and fiscal, 
regulatory and other actions by other governments. These and other factors might have a material adverse impact on 
international financial markets and/or economic conditions, which, in turn, might result in a material adverse effect on the 
Turkish economy and thereby might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results 
of operations. In addition, these factors might disrupt payment systems, money markets, long-term and short-term fixed 
income markets, foreign exchange markets, commodities markets and equity markets, including adversely affecting the cost 
and availability of funding for the Group. 
In recent years, Türkiye’s GDP growth rates have been volatile. In the first three months of 2020, GDP increased by 
4.4% compared to the same period of the previous year; however, GDP sharply decreased by 10.3% in the second quarter of 
the year driven by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. GDP then returned to strong growth in the third and fourth 
quarters of 2020, which growth was supported by an increase in investments and household consumption benefitting from 
accommodative monetary policy and high credit growth. As a result, and notwithstanding the pandemic’s continuing impact 
both on Türkiye and globally resulting from the precautions (such as curfews, travel restrictions, factory closures and 
restrictions on public gatherings) taken to minimise the transmission of COVID-19, GDP increased by 1.8% during 2020. 
During 2021, GDP increased by 11.8%, which growth was supported by the recovery in global economic activity, moderate 
credit expansion and a favourable base effect, whereas growth during 2022 was 5.6%, due primarily to strong consumption 
and the contribution of the services and finance sectors. It should be noted that these GDP results are in inflation-adjusted 
Turkish Lira terms and, as the exchange rate of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar varies (in some years, significantly), 
these reported changes in GDP would have been different (in some years, significantly) were they determined in U.S. dollar 
terms. The pre-election easing of credit conditions and further expansionary fiscal policies might have temporarily boosted 
economic activity in the first half of 2023, while some downward adjustments might happen after the elections. In such 
circumstances, growth might be weak in the remainder of 2023 and thereafter, which might have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition, including through a deterioration in the asset quality of 
the Group’s growing loan portfolio and/or the increasing formation of NPLs. 
On 6 February 2023, Türkiye was hit by severe earthquakes in Kahramanmaraş, causing destruction in 11 provinces. 
Due to the disaster, a state of emergency was declared in 10 of these provinces for three months. In addition to the significant 
loss of life and damage to infrastructure, the Borsa İstanbul suspended trading of stocks and derivatives for five trading days. 
The Bank’s branches, employees and customers located in the areas directly impacted by the earthquakes have suffered

--- Page 38 ---
17 
material disruptions. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the full impact on Türkiye’s economy is uncertain but is expected 
to be substantial and material, with (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) forecasts being for over US$100 billion of 
damages (over 11% of GDP). In turn, the extent of the impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations remains uncertain. 
Government actions to stimulate the Turkish economy might increase the government debt and budget deficit levels, 
which might in turn contribute adversely to the country’s economic stability. The debt of the Turkish government and 
corporates, both of which significantly rely directly or indirectly upon financing from international creditors, has been 
increasing whereas the Central Bank’s net foreign exchange reserves have recently experienced periods of decline (including 
being negative when swaps are excluded) to levels that might require the Turkish government and corporate borrowers to be 
dependent upon continued access to external funding in order to refinance upcoming debt payments. 
The Group’s banking and other businesses are significantly dependent upon its customers’ ability to make payments 
on their loans and meet their other obligations to the Group. If the Turkish economy suffers because of any of the factors 
described above or any other reason, then this might increase the number of the Group’s customers who are not able to repay 
loans when due or meet their other obligations to the Group or who seek to restructure their loans, which would increase the 
Group’s past due loan portfolio, require the Group to reserve additional provisions and/or reduce its net profit/(loss) and 
capital levels. In addition, volatility in the international or Turkish financial markets and/or economy and/or any tightening in 
credit conditions might result in decreased demand for the Group’s products and services, increased borrowing costs 
(including due to increased competition for deposits) and reduced, or no, access to capital markets. The occurrence of any or 
all of the above might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations, 
including a decline in its net interest income and/or decreases in the Group’s fee and commission income. 
The economic conditions that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on the Issuer, and 
thus potentially on its ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, are set out in this sub-category. 
Turkish Economy – The Turkish economy is subject to significant macroeconomic risks 
Since the early 1980s, the Turkish economy has undergone a transformation from a highly protected and regulated 
system to a more open market system. Although the Turkish economy has generally responded positively to this 
transformation, it has experienced severe macroeconomic imbalances, including significant current account deficits, high 
rates of interest, significant currency volatility and persistent unemployment. In addition, the Turkish economy remains 
vulnerable to both external and internal shocks, including volatility in oil prices, changing investor opinion, outbreaks of 
disease (e.g., SARS and the COVID-19 coronavirus) and natural events such as earthquakes (including the powerful 
earthquakes in southern Türkiye in February 2023, which resulted in over 48,000 fatalities and will require significant 
government expenditure for the recovery efforts). For example, the impact of the COVID-19 coronavirus on the global 
economy (including precautions taken to minimise transmission, including travel restrictions, the closure of factories and 
restrictions on public gatherings) has increased risks to global growth and financial markets. Global macroeconomic and 
geopolitical uncertainties, slowdown in capital flows to emerging markets and an increasingly protectionist approach to 
global foreign trade also continue to negatively affect the Turkish economy. 
Domestic macroeconomic factors, including the current account deficit, high levels of unemployment (a seasonally 
adjusted 10.2% as of April 2023), high levels of inflation (see “-Inflation” below) and interest rate and currency volatility, 
remain of concern, particularly in light of the further depreciation of the Turkish Lira. These conditions have had, and likely 
will continue to have, a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations, 
including as a result of their impact on the Group’s customers. The Turkish government has sought to improve economic 
growth and, in September 2022, the Turkish Treasury published a three-year medium-term economic programme (referred to 
as the “Medium Term Programme”) under which GDP growth was anticipated to be 5.0% for both 2022 and 2023 and 5.5% 
for both 2024 and 2025; however, consumer inflation has substantially exceeded the Central Bank’s target for 2022 and is 
anticipated to remain well above the inflation target of 5.0% through the programme period. 
In particular, the general macroeconomic conditions in Türkiye might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
retail and SME customers, both as borrowers and providers of deposits. For example, should the unemployment rate increase, 
the ability of the Group’s retail customers to meet their payment obligations and/or deposit funds with the Bank might be 
reduced. Similarly, reduced demand for goods and services caused by a slowdown in the Turkish economy might 
significantly impact SMEs. Additionally, the significant inflation since 2021 might decrease the ability of retail and other

--- Page 39 ---
18 
customers to pay their debts and/or contribute to economic growth, and their demand for loans and other banking services 
might decline. Any material adverse effect on the Group’s retail and SME customers resulting from macroeconomic 
conditions might impair the Group’s business strategies and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. 
The Turkish government has focused on certain strategically defined sectors, including energy, mining, 
petrochemical, pharmacy, tourism, automotive and information, including using Türkiye’s sovereign wealth fund to support 
investments in these strategic sectors. In March 2021, the Turkish government announced “The Economic Reform Package” 
aiming to strengthen fiscal discipline and financial stability. The reforms in the package include supporting SMEs with tax 
reductions, decreasing foreign currency borrowing in order to reduce the sensitivity of the country’s debt stock to external 
shocks and supporting exports and green transformation of industrial companies in order to narrow the current account 
deficit. The package also aims to support employment, encourage transparent and accountable institutionalised governance, 
promote private sector investments and increase competitiveness in domestic markets. There can be no assurance that these 
targets will be reached or that the Turkish government will implement its current and proposed economic and fiscal policies 
successfully, including the Central Bank’s efforts to curtail inflation and simplify monetary policy. 
Since February 2001, the Central Bank has applied a floating exchange rate policy. Exchange rates for the Turkish 
Lira have historically been, and continue to be, highly volatile and recent events have further contributed to significant 
fluctuations in the value of the Turkish Lira and various governmental policies to respond to currency volatility and the 
resulting economic conditions. In recent years, there have been a number of periods of sharp depreciation and some recovery 
in the value of the Turkish Lira (e.g., the Turkish Lira depreciated against the U.S. dollar by 19.9% in 2020, 44.3% in 2021 
and 28.7% in 2022, with significant volatility (particularly from August through November of 2020) driven in part by 
changes in Central Bank policy and regulatory changes and significant declines in the value of the Turkish Lira starting in 
September 2021 with the Central Bank’s decision to reduce policy rates despite very high levels of inflation). The Central 
Bank has from time to time used its interest rate policy, reserve requirements and other tools to try to lower inflationary 
pressures arising from exchange rate volatility, including some fairly large hikes in interest rates in 2018 (which were then 
followed by large decreases in 2019 and early 2020 as inflation moderated and then, notwithstanding the disinflationary 
impact of COVID-19 pandemic-related shutdowns, significant increases starting in August 2020 to address a significant 
depreciation in the value of the Turkish Lira; however, contrary to the expectations of some market participants, the Central 
Bank reduced its policy rate by 100 basis points in September 2021 and then, after three members of the Central Bank’s 
monetary policy committee were replaced on 13 October 2021, further reduced the policy rate by a larger-than-expected 
200 basis points (to 16.00%) on 21 October 2021, another 100 basis points (to 15.00%) on 18 November 2021 and another 
100 basis points (to 14.00%) on 16 December 2021), following which the Turkish Lira reached a then all-time low of 
TL 17.4731/US$1 on 20 December 2021 given the Central Bank’s accommodative stance despite high inflationary 
conditions. Subsequently, the Turkish government, among other things, introduced a foreign exchange-protected Turkish Lira 
deposit scheme in an effort to reduce the volatility in exchange rates and lower the inflation rate, resulting in some 
improvement in exchange rates. The scheme was announced in respect of retail depositors on 20 December 2021 and 
subsequently expanded to include corporate foreign currency accounts and gold deposit accounts in January 2022 and non-
resident Turkish nationals in February 2022. In 2022, the Central Bank initially held its policy rate notwithstanding rapidly 
increasing inflation and then, contrary to the expectations of many market participants, reduced the rate to 13.00% on 
18 August 2022 and again to 12.00% on 22 September 2022, both of which reductions resulted in the Turkish Lira declining 
to a new all-time low, and then further reduced its policy rate to 10.50% on 20 October 2022, 9.00% on 24 November 2022 
and 8.50% on 23 February 2023. After the presidential elections in May 2023, the Central Bank increased the rate to 15.00%. 
The impact of these circumstances, including changes in the exchange rates of the Turkish Lira, might have a material 
adverse effect on the Group, including through borrower defaults, increased NPLs, reduced loan volumes and reduced 
earnings, the revaluation of assets and liabilities (including increases in the Turkish Lira-equivalent value of the Group’s 
obligations in other currencies), a decline in capital and/or rapid changes in the economic and legal environment. For 
example, the Group’s and the Bank’s capital adequacy ratios have been materially impacted by the recent depreciation of the 
Turkish Lira, with (during 2022) every TL 0.1 decrease in the value of the Turkish Lira when compared to the U.S. dollar 
resulting in about a two basis point negative impact on the Group’s and the Bank’s total capital adequacy ratios. As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, this impact has resulted in such ratios declining significantly - while still above not only the 
minimum legal requirement of 8% but also the Group’s internal minimum of 9%, the Group might consider methods to 
increase its capital ratios, including through obtaining additional capital (such as the TL 13.4 billion in additional capital 
provided by the Türkiye Wealth Fund in March 2022 and TL 32.0 billion thousand in additional capital in March 2023, both 
as described previously) or increasing retained earnings.

--- Page 40 ---
19 
As described elsewhere, the BRSA announced rules allowing banks to: (a) use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange 
buying rates as of 30 December 2022 in certain capital and other calculations (replacing an earlier rule allowing the use of the 
Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 31 December 2021) and (b) when making capital calculations, avoid the 
inclusion of mark-to-market losses on securities booked in the “financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income” portfolio. If the Group and the Bank had not elected to use such calculations, their capital adequacy ratios would 
have been lower as of 31 December 2021 by 218 and 219 basis points and as of 31 December 2022 by 150 and 155 basis 
points, respectively. As also described elsewhere, the BRSA has implemented regulatory forbearance measures that allow 
banks to use 0% risk weightings for foreign currency-denominated receivables owed by the centralised administration (i.e., 
Turkish state institutions and other public institutions that do not have a separate legal entity and act under the legal entity of 
the Turkish sovereign) while calculating the amount of exposure subject to credit risk in accordance with the standardised 
approach as determined under the Capital Adequacy Regulation, without which the capital adequacy ratios of the Group and 
the Bank would have been lower as of 31 December 2021 by 109 and 110 basis points and as of 31 December 2022 by 233 
and 240 basis points, respectively. Collectively, these accommodations have had a material positive impact on the capital 
adequacy ratios of the Group and the Bank and, if such were to be discontinued or limited, the Group’s and/or the Bank’s 
capital adequacy ratios would likely decline. 
Any further significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar or other major currencies, or any 
actions taken by the Central Bank or other Turkish authorities to protect the value of the Turkish Lira (such as increased 
interest rates or other policy actions by the Central Bank), might adversely affect the financial condition of Türkiye as a 
whole, including its inflation rate and/or the ability of the Central Bank to implement its policy goals, and might have a 
material negative effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. As of 31 May, 2023, the 
Central Bank had net negative foreign exchange reserves (excluding swap transactions), which could further limit the Central 
Bank’s policy actions, including actions to limit any further reductions in foreign currency liquidity in Türkiye. 
Any monetary policy tightening of the U.S. Federal Reserve (including as started in early 2022) and/or the ECB 
(such as the announced wind-down of asset purchases or the interest rate increases started in July 2022), disruptions in global 
credit markets or any other increase in market interest rates, particularly if it is more accelerated than expected, might have an 
adverse impact on Türkiye, including on Türkiye’s external financing needs, and might reduce the availability of and/or 
increase the cost of funding to the Turkish banking sector. 
Should Türkiye’s economy experience macroeconomic imbalances or otherwise be unsuccessful, it might have a 
material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Current Account Deficit – An increase in Türkiye’s current account deficit might result in governmental efforts to decrease 
economic activity 
Türkiye’s current account deficit has long created a significant risk for the Turkish economy, including contributing 
to the country’s need for external funding to support its balance-of-payment position. Due to ongoing weakness in economic 
activity, Türkiye’s current account balance in 2019 showed a surplus of US$10.8 billion according to the Central Bank, 
which was the first surplus since 2002, but then reverted to a deficit of US$31.9 billion in 2020, which deficit was primarily 
due to a decrease in exports to Europe and significantly lower tourism revenues arising from the shutdowns for the 
COVID-19 pandemic (e.g., Türkiye’s net tourism revenue fell by 59.3% in 2020 compared with 2019). During 2021, 
reflecting the recovery in global activity, the easing of lockdown measures and significant global policy stimulus, Türkiye’s 
current account deficit declined to US$7.2 billion as a result of increased exports, a moderation in imports (especially gold) 
and increased tourism revenues. During 2022, and despite an increase in export and tourism revenues, Türkiye’s current 
account deficit increased to US$48.8 billion due largely to the increase in energy prices (including resulting from the Russian 
invasion of Ukraine), high commodity prices, continuing imports of gold and robust demand as a result of increasing 
consumption. Various events and circumstances, including (inter alia) a sustained rise in energy prices, a decline in Türkiye’s 
foreign trade and tourism revenues (including due to the impact of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and tighter 
monetary policies in certain economies), political risks, the increased demand resulting from rebuilding after the February 
2023 earthquakes and changes to Türkiye’s macroeconomic policy (such as with respect to domestic interest rates), might 
result in an increase in the current account deficit. The current account deficit is a principal concern for Turkish policy 
makers as it increases Türkiye’s vulnerability to changes in global macroeconomic conditions, and the Turkish government 
might take policy actions to reduce the current account deficit, including policies that might have a material negative impact 
on domestic growth and consumption. Any negative impact on economic growth or the introduction of policies that curtail

--- Page 41 ---
20 
the economy’s activity might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
Although Türkiye’s economic growth depends to some extent upon domestic demand, Türkiye’s economy is also 
dependent upon trade, in particular with Europe. The EU remains Türkiye’s largest export market. A significant decline in the 
economic growth of any of Türkiye’s major trading partners, such as due to decreased global demand as a result of tightening 
monetary policies, might have an adverse impact on Türkiye’s balance of trade and adversely affect Türkiye’s economic 
growth. Diplomatic or political tensions between Türkiye and the EU (or any of its member states) or other countries might 
impact trade or demand for imports and exports. A decline in demand for imports into the EU or Türkiye’s other trading 
partners might have a material adverse effect on Turkish exports and thus on Türkiye’s economic growth and thereby result 
in an increase in Türkiye’s current account deficit. To a lesser extent, Türkiye also exports to markets in Russia and the 
Middle East, and the continuing political and/or economic turmoil in certain of those markets might lead to a decline in 
demand for such imports, with a similar negative effect on Turkish economic growth and Türkiye’s current account deficit. In 
addition, tourism remains particularly important for Türkiye, both due to the direct economic impacts as well as the 
importance of foreign exchange inflows given Türkiye’s current account deficit and low foreign currency reserves. 
If the value of the Turkish Lira relative to the U.S. dollar and other relevant trading currencies declines, then the cost 
of importing oil, gas and other goods and services might increase, resulting in potential increases in Türkiye’s current account 
deficit. As an increase in the current account deficit might erode financial stability in Türkiye, the Central Bank takes (and 
has taken) certain actions to manage price and financial stability, which actions (including changes to interest rates and 
reserve requirements) might materially adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Türkiye is an energy import-dependent country and recorded US$80.1 billion of net energy imports in 2022, an 
increase from US$42.2 billion of net energy imports in 2021, itself an increase from US$24.2 billion of net energy imports in 
2020. Although the government has been heavily promoting new domestic energy projects, and promising new fields have 
been identified in the Black Sea, these have not yet significantly decreased the need for imported energy and thus any 
geopolitical development concerning energy security might have a material impact on Türkiye’s current account balance. 
Volatile oil and natural gas prices (including as a result of agreements among the members of the Organisation of the 
Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and/or other oil-exporting nations to cut output or any geopolitical development 
concerning energy security and prices, such as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the United States’ withdrawal from the Joint 
Comprehensive Plan of Action and re-imposing previously suspended secondary sanctions on Iran or the decision of the 
United States to impose sanctions on Venezuela), together with the Turkish Lira’s depreciation against the U.S. dollar (in 
which most of Türkiye’s energy imports are priced), might have a negative impact on Türkiye’s current account deficit. 
If the current account deficit widens, then financial stability in Türkiye might deteriorate. In addition, financing a 
current account deficit might be difficult in the event of a global liquidity or banking crisis and/or declining interest or 
confidence of foreign investors in Türkiye, and a failure to reduce the current account deficit might have a negative impact on 
Türkiye’s sovereign credit ratings. Any such difficulties might lead the Turkish government to seek to raise additional 
revenue to finance the current account deficit, reduce domestic demand and/or stabilise the Turkish financial system, any of 
which might materially adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Inflation – Türkiye’s economy is subject to significant inflationary pressures 
The Turkish economy has been subject to significant increases in inflation in recent years which might continue 
(including at elevated levels). In 2020, the annual consumer price index (“Error! Bookmark not defined.CPI”) inflation rate 
was 14.6% and domestic producer price inflation was 25.2%, reflecting primarily an increase in food, energy and commodity 
prices (including due to the depreciation of the Turkish Lira). In 2021, the CPI inflation rate rose to 36.1%, reflecting 
primarily an increase in the prices of food, energy, consumer durables and transportation, which increases resulted from the 
depreciation of the Turkish Lira, the impact of disruptions in supply chains, the rise in government-administered prices and 
the reopening of the Turkish economy from COVID-19-related restrictions. In 2022, the CPI inflation rate was 64.3% and the 
domestic producer price inflation rate was 97.7%, with inflation then declining to 39.6% and 40.8%, respectively, for the 
twelve months ended May 2023 (it should be noted that this is the official inflation rate whereas other analysts have 
published different rates, in some cases significantly higher than the official rate), again reflecting significant increases in the 
prices of food, energy and imported products. As of May 2023, CPI inflation for the previous 12 months declined to 39.59%. 
On 4 May 2023, the Central Bank published an inflation report indicating an inflation forecast of 22.3%, 8.8% and 5.0% in 
2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. While the Bank’s management expects inflation to remain steady or slightly decline in the

--- Page 42 ---
21 
remainder of 2023, inflation might continue at an elevated, or even higher, pace due to potential higher food inflation, cost 
push factors (where sellers pass along increasing costs to their customers) and/or worsening inflation expectations. In 
addition, high inflation levels in Türkiye since 2022 matched with reduced policy rates have resulted in a de-linking of 
market interest rates in Türkiye from Central Bank rates since market participants set borrowing and lending rates on broader 
market conditions, including expectations regarding inflation. 
High inflation rates have distorted and might continue to distort the Group’s results of operations, with nominal 
growth rates of the balance sheet and profitability in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements significantly exceeding the 
rates as measured on a constant-currency basis. As noted in “Presentation of Financial and Other Information,” as Türkiye’s 
cumulative inflation has exceeded 100% over the past three years, the criteria of IAS 29 (Financial Reporting in 
Hyperinflationary Economies) for inflation-adjusted accounting have been satisfied and IFRS financial statements starting 
with those as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2022 are required to apply inflation accounting. While, as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, there has been no further announcement by the POA regarding this issue, such an adjustment might be 
required in the future (as noted in the BRSA Annual Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2022, the POA 
announced that such was not applicable for the 2021 BRSA Financial Statements but had not yet provided any guidance with 
respect to later BRSA Financial Statements), which change in accounting practices would similarly make the BRSA 
Financial Statements published at that time not comparable to those incorporated by reference herein and might materially 
impact the Group’s reported financial results. 
Significant global price increases in major commodities such as oil, cotton, corn and wheat would be likely to 
increase inflation pressures in Türkiye. Such inflation, particularly if combined with further depreciation of the Turkish Lira, 
might result in Türkiye’s inflation exceeding the Central Bank’s inflation target, which might cause the Central Bank to 
modify its monetary policy. Inflation-related measures that might be taken by the Central Bank and/or other Turkish 
authorities might have an adverse effect on the Turkish economy. If the level of inflation in Türkiye were to continue to 
fluctuate or increase significantly, then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations. 
Potential Overdevelopment – Certain sectors of the Turkish economy might have been or become overdeveloped, which 
might result in a negative impact on the Turkish economy 
Certain sectors of the Turkish economy might have been (or might become) overdeveloped, including in particular 
the construction of luxury residences, shopping centres, office buildings, travel and tourism facilities and other real estate-
related projects and various renewable energy-related projects. For example, significant growth in the number of hotels 
occurred over recent years in anticipation of a continuing growth in international tourism, whereas in fact tourism declined 
very significantly due to the COVID-19 pandemic, including the related travel restrictions, and can be significantly impacted 
by geopolitical conditions. Any such overdevelopment might lead to a rapid decline in prices of these and other properties or 
the failure of some of these projects, which might then lead to a deterioration of the asset quality of Turkish banks and, in 
case of any restructuring with any borrowers resulting in more favourable terms to borrowers, might lead to a decrease in 
income for Turkish banks. Even if this does not occur, the pace of development of such projects might decline in coming 
years as developers and project sponsors seek to reduce their risk, which might negatively affect the growth of the Turkish 
economy. Should any of such events occur, then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. 
Turkish Regulatory and Other Matters 
While political and economic conditions in Türkiye tend to have the most significant impact on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations, various other Türkiye-related matters are also important. These 
matters, the most material of which is the Turkish regulatory environment, that the Issuer’s management has identified as 
having a material impact on the Issuer, and thus potentially on its ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, are 
set out in this sub-category.

--- Page 43 ---
22 
Banking Regulatory Matters – The activities of the Group are highly regulated and changes to applicable laws, the 
interpretation or enforcement of such laws and/or any failure to comply with such laws might have a material adverse impact 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations 
The Group is subject to a number of banking, consumer protection, competition/antitrust and other laws designed to 
maintain the safety and financial stability of banks, ensure their compliance with economic and other obligations and limit 
their exposure to risk. These laws have been subject to frequent change in recent years for a combination of prudential, 
economic and political considerations and there can be no assurance that such laws will necessarily achieve their objectives 
or enhance financial stability. These laws include Turkish laws (in particular those of the BRSA) as well as the laws of other 
countries in which the Group conducts business. These laws, which can increase the cost of doing business and limit the 
Group’s activities, include (inter alia): 
(a) the Regulation on the Equity of Banks was published in the Official Gazette No. 28756 dated 
5 September 2013 (the “Equity Regulation”) and the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of the Capital 
Adequacy of Banks published in the Official Gazette No. 29511 dated 23 October 2015 (the “Capital Adequacy 
Regulation”); the Equity Regulation introduced: (i) core tier 1 capital and additional tier 1 capital as components of 
tier 1 capital and (ii) new tier 2 rules and determined new criteria for debt instruments to be included in a bank’s 
tier 2 capital, whereas the Capital Adequacy Regulation requires a minimum core capital adequacy ratio (4.5%) and 
a minimum tier 1 capital adequacy ratio (6.0%) to be calculated on a consolidated and non-consolidated basis 
(which are in addition to the previously existing requirement for a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of 8.0%) 
and changed the risk weights of certain items that are categorised under “other assets,” with the BRSA amending its 
guidance on 24 February 2017 to allow foreign exchange-required reserves held with the Central Bank to be subject 
to a 0% risk weight, 
(b) a regulation dated 23 February 2016 (the “D-SIBs Regulation”) regarding systemically important banks 
(“D-SIBs”), which regulation introduced additional capital requirements for D-SIBs in line with the requirements of 
Basel III (as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has been classified as a D-SIB under the D-SIBs 
Regulation), 
(c) the BRSA’s: (i) decision dated 18 December 2015 (No. 6602) regarding the procedures for and 
principles on calculation, application and announcement of a countercyclical capital buffer and (ii) decision dated 
24 December 2015 (No. 6619) regarding the determination of such countercyclical capital buffer (together, the 
“BRSA Decisions on the Countercyclical Capital Buffer”), pursuant to which decisions the countercyclical capital 
buffer for Turkish banks’ (including the Bank’s) exposures in Türkiye was initially set at 0% of a bank’s risk-
weighted assets in Türkiye (effective as of 1 January 2016); however, such ratio can fluctuate between 0% and 2.5% 
as announced from time to time by the BRSA, 
(d) the Regulation on Measurement of Liquidity Coverage Ratio of Banks published in the Official Gazette 
No. 28948 dated 21 March 2014 (the “Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios”) in order to ensure that a bank 
maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets that can be converted into cash to meet its 
liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day period, according to which regulation the liquidity coverage ratios of banks is 
not permitted to fall below 100% on an aggregate basis and 80% on a foreign currency-only basis, 
(e) the Regulation on Procedures and Principles for Classification of Loans and Provisions to be Set Aside 
(the “Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation”), which entered into effect as of 1 January 2018 in order to 
ensure compliance with the requirements of TFRS and the Financial Sector Assessment Programme, which is a joint 
programme of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank; this regulation required banks to adopt TFRS 9 
principles (unless an exemption is granted by the BRSA) related to the assessment of credit risk and to account for 
expected credit losses in line with such principles, 
(f) in early 2020, there came into force new limitations to be determined by the Central Bank on certain 
fees and commissions that Turkish banks may charge to customers, including limitations on fees for electronic funds 
transfers, and (in August 2021) the Central Bank (though increasing the fees that can be charged for ATM usage and 
commissions that can be collected from the use of point of sale (“POS”) systems) introduced further limits, which 
limitations might negatively impact the fees and commissions earned by the Group (for further information on the

--- Page 44 ---
23 
size of the Bank’s fee and commission income, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations”), 
(g) on 10 June 2022, the Central Bank issued the Regulation on the Maintenance of Turkish Lira Securities 
for Foreign Currency Liabilities (the name of which was later changed to Regulation on the Maintenance of 
Securities) (as amended on 20 August 2022, 18 October 2022, 31 December 2022, 7 January 2023 and 7 April 2023, 
the “Regulation on the Maintenance of Securities”) to require Turkish banks to maintain Turkish Lira-denominated 
securities for their foreign currency deposit and participation funds, funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo 
transactions, precious metal deposit accounts, securities issued by entities (other than financial institutions) held by 
such banks, and Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans; provided that the following are excluded: (i) 
loans provided to SMEs, tradesmen, financial institutions and/or certain governmental authorities and their 
subsidiaries and (ii) export and investment loans, agricultural loans and corporate credit cards; pursuant to this 
regulation, Turkish banks are required to (subject to certain calculations and exceptions): (A) use long-term Turkish 
Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government (including lease certificates issued by 
Undersecretariat of Treasury Asset Leasing Company) as reserves equal to 10% of the amount of the foreign 
currency deposits, participation funds, funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions, and precious 
metals accounts and 30% of the amount of such Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans, and securities 
issued by entities (other than financial institutions) held by such banks and (B) provide a small amount of additional 
reserves for foreign exchange deposits and participation funds held by natural and legal persons based upon the 
conversation rate of such persons’ foreign currency accounts to Turkish Lira accounts, and 
(h) as part of the government’s effort to de-dollarise the economy, on 24 June 2022 (as amended on 7 July 
and 21 October 2022), the BRSA announced that non-financial institutions and companies that are subject to an 
independent audit and have foreign currency assets (which include (inter alia) gold, cash, deposits, securities but 
excluding foreign currency-denominated securities issued by Türkiye itself) of the equivalent of at least TL 10 
million at the time of loan application are not permitted to receive Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans 
(including swap transactions) from Turkish banks and financial leasing, factoring and financing companies if such 
foreign currency assets exceed 5% of the higher of their total assets and net sales revenue for the most recent 
financial year; the BRSA has, however, provided an exception for companies with such foreign currency assets of at 
least TL 10 million but who are not permitted to borrow foreign currency-denominated loans due to restrictions 
imposed by applicable laws at the time of the loan application, which companies are permitted to borrow Turkish 
Lira-denominated commercial cash loans in an amount up to the amount of their three month foreign currency net 
position deficit as declared by the company at the time of loan application and confirmed by the company’s 
independent auditors or a certified public accountant at the end of every three month period. 
See “Turkish Regulatory Environment” for a description of the Turkish banking regulatory environment, including the 
implementation of Basel III in Türkiye. The BRSA conducts examinations of all banks operating in Türkiye and financial 
information, capital ratios, open positions, liquidity, interest rate risks and credit portfolios (inter alia) are followed up in 
detail at frequent intervals by the BRSA. 
Such measures might also limit or reduce growth of the Turkish economy and, consequently, the demand for the 
Group’s products and services. Furthermore, as a consequence of certain of these changes, the Group might be required to 
increase its capital reserves and/or might need to access more expensive sources of financing to meet its regulatory liquidity 
and capital requirements, which in turn might have an adverse impact on its level of profitability and/or net interest margin. 
Moreover, certain laws that require holding additional Turkish government securities might increase the Group’s exposure to 
any adverse changes in Türkiye’s sovereign debt, including credit rating and interest rate changes. New or revised laws also 
might increase the Group’s cost of doing business and/or limit its activities, such as the Central Bank’s frequent changes to 
monetary policy and reserve requirements. For example, the Turkish government (including the BRSA and the Central Bank) 
has introduced (and might introduce in the future) laws that impose limits with respect to fees and commissions charged to 
customers, increase the monthly minimum payments required to be paid by holders of credit cards, limiting loan yields on 
certain categories of loans (including potentially below the Group’s cost of funds), increase reserves or require a greater 
percentage of deposits to be held in Turkish Lira (increasing competition for such deposits). The Group might not be able to 
pass on any increased costs associated with such regulatory changes to its customers, particularly given the high level of 
competition in the Turkish banking sector. Accordingly, the Group might not be able to sustain its level of profitability in 
light of these regulatory changes and the Group’s profitability might be materially adversely impacted until (if ever) such

--- Page 45 ---
24 
changes can be incorporated into the Group’s pricing (and even then such changes might affect the Group’s profitability as 
increased pricing for customers might reduce customer demand for the Group’s products and services). 
Any failure by the Group to adopt adequate responses to these or future changes in the regulatory framework 
(whether in Türkiye or any other jurisdiction in which the Group operates) might have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations. In addition, non-compliance with laws might expose the Group to 
potential liabilities and fines and/or damage its reputation. 
Emerging Markets Risk – International investors might view Türkiye negatively based upon adverse events in other emerging 
markets 
In general, investing in the securities of issuers that have operations primarily in emerging market countries like 
Türkiye involves a higher degree of risk than investing in the securities of issuers with substantial operations in the United 
States, the countries of the EU or other similar jurisdictions. The market for securities issued by Turkish companies is 
influenced not only by economic and market conditions in Türkiye but also market conditions in other emerging market 
countries or in the United States and the EU. For example, developments or economic conditions in one or more other 
emerging market(s) have at times adversely affected the prices of securities from, and the availability of credit to, other 
emerging market countries as investors move their money to countries that are perceived to be more stable and economically 
developed. An increase in the perceived risks associated with investing in emerging economies might dampen capital flows 
to Türkiye and/or otherwise adversely affect the Turkish economy. As a result, investors’ interest in the Notes (and thus the 
market price of an investment in the Notes) might be subject to fluctuations that might not necessarily be related to economic 
conditions in Türkiye or the financial performance of the Group. There can be no assurance that investors’ interest in Türkiye 
in general, and the Notes in particular, will not be negatively affected by events in other emerging markets or the global 
economy in general. 
Risks Relating to the Group and its Business 
While Turkish political, economic, regulatory and other circumstances are the most material category of risks 
relating to the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations, matters specific to the Group also might have a 
material impact on the Issuer’s ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, particularly the Group’s exposure with 
respect to the loans and other credits that it extends to borrowers and other counterparties. Such risks that the Issuer’s 
management has identified as having a material impact on the Issuer are set out in this section. The principal sub-categories 
of the risks relating to the Group and its business are credit risks, market risks, funding risks, operational risks and other 
Group-related risks, each as set out in their corresponding section below. 
Credit Risks 
Counterparty Credit Risk – The Group is subject to credit risk in relation to its borrowers and other counterparties 
The Group’s primary business risk is the inherent risk that its borrowers and other counterparties might not be able 
to meet their obligations to the Group, which ability is affected by many factors. These counterparties include (inter alios) 
borrowers of loans from the Group, issuers whose securities are held by the Group, trading and hedging counterparties and 
customers of letters of credit provided by the Group, the Group’s exposures to certain of which (particularly for loans for 
infrastructure and energy projects) are large. Any of these counterparties might default in their obligations to the Group due 
(inter alia) to the factors described in “-Risks Relating to Türkiye” and/or adverse changes in consumer spending, consumer 
confidence, unemployment levels, corporate restructurings, bankruptcy rates and/or market volatility, including due to local, 
national and/or global factors. Many of these factors are difficult to anticipate and are outside of the Group’s control. If the 
Group’s customers are unable to meet their obligations to the Group when due, then this would increase the Group’s past due 
loan portfolio, require the Group to reserve additional provisions and reduce its net profit/(loss) and capital levels, which 
might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
For example, if the Turkish Lira were to further depreciate materially against foreign currencies (such as the 28.7% 
depreciation against the U.S. dollar in 2022), then it would be more difficult for the Group’s customers with income primarily 
or entirely denominated in Turkish Lira to repay their foreign currency-denominated loans (e.g., in part due to the recent 
significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira and declining economic growth in Türkiye, some corporate borrowers (including

--- Page 46 ---
25 
some large corporate borrowers) have restructured their loans; however, such borrowers might continue to have difficulties 
supporting their debt obligations, particularly if the Turkish Lira depreciates further, which might result in additional NPLs). 
Compounding this risk, and notwithstanding the credit risk policies and procedures that the Group has in place, the 
Group might not correctly assess the creditworthiness of its credit applicants or other counterparties (or their financial 
conditions might change) and, as a result, the Group might suffer material credit losses. If the Group is unable to accurately 
model the risk associated with borrowers, then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. Furthermore, should any large debtor to the Turkish financial system experience 
financial difficulties, as has happened in the recent past, then that might have a negative impact on the Group, including 
indirectly through having a negative impact on the Turkish banking sector. 
The Group’s financial results can be significantly affected by the amount of provisions for expected credit losses. 
Determining the amount of such provisions involves the use of numerous estimates and assumptions. As a result, the level of 
provisions and other reserves that the Group has set aside might prove insufficient and the Group might be required to create 
significant additional provisions and other reserves in future periods. The Group’s NPL ratio changed from 3.99% as of 
31 December 2020 to 3.14% as of 31 December 2021 and then to 2.10% as of 31 December 2022 and the Stage 2 loans to 
performing loans ratio changed from 9.91% as of 31 December 2020 to 12.54% as of 31 December 2021 and 11.12% as of 
31 December 2022. It should be noted that, as a result of March 2020 decisions by the BRSA relating to the government’s 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the length of the period of non-payment before a loan or other receivable is considered 
to be non-performing was temporarily extended through 30 June 2021 and then further extended through 30 September 2021, 
which thus resulted in some loans and other receivables with an overdue amount between 90 and 180 days to remain 
classified as performing (i.e., Stage 2 loans) during this period when they might have been classified as NPLs absent these 
temporary actions (on 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of this temporary rule 
on 30 September 2021, it would still apply to loans that were overdue for more than 91 days but not more than 180 days as of 
1 October 2021). This change temporarily reduced recognition of NPLs and, as a result, the Group’s reported NPLs as of 
31 December 2020 might not be indicative of the Group’s asset quality compared to other periods. See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment - Expected Credit Losses.” Certain temporary rules have also been enacted for banks as a result of the February 
2023 earthquakes, including limitations on requiring payment from certain borrowers in the regions impacted by the 
earthquake and reductions in risk-weightings of certain loans to borrowers in such regions. 
The Group’s exposure to other financial institutions is significant, some of which counterparties might become 
unable to satisfy their obligations to the Group. Such counterparties might become subject to resolution procedures in their 
home jurisdictions, such as under Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879, for certain EU financial 
institutions or the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 for certain UK financial institutions, which procedures might 
materially negatively impact the amount and/or timing of what the Group would receive from a financial counterparty should 
it be subject to resolution. The disruptions in the global banking sector in March 2023, including the announcement of the 
acquisition of Credit Suisse by UBS (and the losses incurred by Credit Suisse investors) and the failure of Silicon Valley 
Bank and Signature Bank in the United States, have highlighted the risks in the banking sector and there can be no assurance 
that the sector will not be subject to further strain, particularly given that (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) inflation 
rates remain high, economic activity remains muted and major global central banks are continuing their tightening policy. A 
banking sector crisis might have materially adverse impacts on the Group’s business, results of operations, prospects or 
financial condition. 
The Group’s efforts to mitigate credit risk, including through diversification of its assets and requiring collateral for 
many of its loans, might be insufficient to protect the Group against material credit losses. For example, as described in 
“-Insufficient Collateral” below, if the value of the collateral securing the Group’s credit portfolio is insufficient (including 
through a decline in its value after the original taking of such collateral), then the Group will be exposed to greater credit risk 
(and an increased risk of non-recovery) if related credit exposures fail to perform. 
Loan Concentrations – The Group’s credit portfolio has significant industry and borrower concentrations, which renders it 
susceptible to any deterioration in the financial condition of such industries and borrowers 
Although the Group seeks to maintain diversity within its loan book with respect to industry, customer type, 
customer and loan product, certain concentrations are inherent in the Group’s business. Total cash loans to the Bank’s 20 
largest group customers as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 represented 15.69%, 20.30% and 19.70%, respectively, of 
its performing cash loans. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank’s cash exposure to its single largest group customer was

--- Page 47 ---
26 
TL 24.6 billion, constituting 2.58% of total gross loans to customers and equal to 22.97% of its total shareholders’ equity 
(TL 13.0 billion, 2.19% and 24.96%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and TL 8.8 billion, 2.01% and 1.01%, 
respectively, as of 31 December 2020). 
In terms of industry concentration, the retail and consumer, manufacturing, construction and trade sectors accounted 
for 18.72%, 24.08%, 9.81% and 13.48%, respectively, of the Group’s performing cash loan portfolio as of 31 December 2022 
(21.16%, 20.05%, 10.82% and 12.46%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and 24.86%, 19.22%, 9.53% and 13.45%, 
respectively, as of 31 December 2020). 
If a material volume of any loans becomes non-performing or there is a slowdown (or any perception of slowdown) 
in economic conditions related thereto, then this might have a material adverse effect on the asset quality of Turkish banks, 
including the Group. Any such restructuring might also reduce the income of Turkish banks if the debt is restructured with 
terms more favourable to borrowers. In addition, a downturn in any sector or specific borrower to which the Group has 
significant exposure might result in, among other things, a decrease of funds that such customers hold on deposit with the 
Bank, a default on their obligations owed to the Group and/or a need for the Group to increase its provisions in respect of 
such obligations, any of which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. 
Government Default – The Group has a significant portion of its assets invested in Turkish government obligations, making it 
highly dependent upon the continued credit quality of, and payment of its obligations by, the Turkish government 
The Group has significant exposure to Turkish governmental and state-controlled entities, including the Central 
Bank. As of 31 December 2022, 83.94% of the Group’s total securities portfolio (18.67% of its total assets and equal to 
299.16% of its shareholders’ equity) was invested in debt securities issued by the Turkish Treasury and 7.55% of the Group’s 
total assets were used to make loans to Turkish governmental and state-controlled entities (82.59%, 17.41%, 262.98% and 
3.39%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 and 78.91%, 17.59%, 334.00% and 3.53%, respectively, as of 31 December 
2021). In 2023 in particular, there was a significant increase in the amount of Turkish governmental bonds held by the Group 
as a result of regulatory requirements described elsewhere herein. In addition, the Group has exposure to the Turkish 
government through the Group’s participation in financing state-sponsored infrastructure projects and the Credit Guarantee 
Fund (Kredi Garanti Fonu) (the “KGF”) guaranteed loan programme, which might be susceptible to increased credit risk in 
the event of weakness in Türkiye’s macroeconomic condition or deterioration of the Turkish government’s creditworthiness. 
In early 2020, the KGF-guaranteed loan programme was expanded to include retail loans as part of the government’s efforts 
to address the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the programme was expanded and enlarged in 2021, 2022 
and 2023, which might increase the credit risk of obligations payable by the Turkish government. Furthermore, the Group 
maintains significant amounts of reserves (including foreign currency reserves) with the Central Bank, for which it is subject 
to the Central Bank’s ability to return such reserves, and is otherwise dependent upon the Central Bank. 
Türkiye’s sovereign debt ratings have been subject to various downgrades recently and might be further 
downgraded. For example, on 14 June 2019, Türkiye’s foreign currency long-term credit rating was downgraded to “B1” 
(with a negative outlook) from “Ba3” (with a negative outlook) by Moody’s. On 12 July 2019, Fitch downgraded Türkiye’s 
long-term foreign currency issuer default credit rating to “BB-” (with a negative outlook) from “BB” (with a negative 
outlook) and long-term local currency issuer default credit rating to “BB-” (with a negative outlook) from “BB+” (with a 
negative outlook). On 1 November 2019, Fitch revised the outlook of Türkiye from negative to stable, following up on 
12 November 2019 with a similar outlook change on certain Turkish banks (including the Bank). On 21 February 2020, Fitch 
affirmed Türkiye’s long-term foreign currency issuer default rating at “BB-” (with a stable outlook). On 21 August 2020, 
Fitch revised the outlook on Türkiye’s long-term foreign currency issuer default rating from stable to negative. On 
11 September 2020, Moody’s further reduced Türkiye’s foreign currency long-term credit rating to “B2” (with a negative 
outlook). On 19 February 2021, Fitch revised the outlook on Türkiye’s long-term foreign currency issuer default credit rating 
from negative to stable; however, the outlook was returned to negative on 2 December 2021. On 3 December 2021, Moody’s 
affirmed Türkiye’s sovereign rating at “B2” (with a negative outlook). On 11 February 2022, Fitch downgraded Türkiye’s 
long-term foreign currency issuer default credit rating to “B+” (with a negative outlook), which was followed on 8 July 2022 
by a further downgrade to “B” (with a negative outlook). On 12 August 2022, Moody’s downgraded Türkiye’s sovereign 
rating to “B3” (with a stable outlook). On 17 March 2023, Fitch affirmed Türkiye’s long-term foreign currency issuer default 
rating at “B” (with a negative outlook). Note that references to Moody’s and Fitch in this paragraph might refer to the 
applicable affiliate of Moody’s and Fitch as defined herein.

--- Page 48 ---
27 
In addition to any direct losses that the Group might incur, a default, or the perception of increased risk of default, 
by Turkish governmental entities in making payments on their debt or a downgrade in Türkiye’s credit rating would likely 
have a significant negative impact on the value of the government debt held by the Group and the Turkish banking system 
generally and might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Enforcing rights against governmental entities might be subject to structural, political or practical limitations. 
Insufficient Collateral – Security interests or loan guarantees provided in favour of the Group might not be sufficient to cover 
any losses in the event of defaults by debtors and might entail long and costly enforcement proceedings 
While certain of the Group’s loans are unsecured, many of the Group’s loans have the benefit of collateral and/or a 
personal guarantee. Accepting collateral and foreclosing on security interests are subject to certain costs and formal 
limitations under applicable law, with enforcement against any type of collateral potentially involving a long and costly 
procedure under Turkish or other applicable law. For example, the Group might have difficulty foreclosing on collateral 
when debtors default on their loans or apply to the courts for concordat proceedings, which might temporarily interrupt 
enforcement or foreclosure proceedings. In addition, the time and costs associated with enforcing security interests might 
make it uneconomical for the Group to pursue such proceedings, adversely affecting the Group’s ability to recover its loan 
losses, which might have a direct impact on the Group’s financial condition and results. 
Deterioration in economic conditions in Türkiye or a decline in the value of certain markets might reduce the value 
of the collateral securing the Group’s loans (and/or the ability of borrowers to post additional collateral), increasing the risk 
that the Group would not be able to recover the full amount of any such loans in a default. If the Group seeks to realise on 
any such collateral, then it might be difficult to find a buyer and/or the collateral might be sold for significantly less than its 
appraised or actual value. 
Market Risks 
The Group is subject to risks that arise from open positions in currency, interest rate and (to a lesser extent) equity 
products, all of which are exposed to general and specific market movements. While the Group seeks to manage its market 
risk exposure through a range of measures (see “Risk Management – Market Risk Management” for further information), 
such measures might not be successful in mitigating all market risk. The Group’s exposure to market risks might lead to a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Certain of these risks are 
described below. 
Foreign Exchange and Currency Risk – The Group is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which might 
have a material adverse effect on the Group 
As a significant portion of the Group’s assets and liabilities (including off-balance sheet commitments such as letters 
of credit) is denominated in, or indexed to, foreign currencies (primarily U.S. dollars and euro), the Group is exposed to the 
effects of fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates, which can have a material impact on its business, financial 
condition (including capitalisation) and/or results of operations. These risks are both systemic (e.g., the impact of exchange 
rate volatility on the markets generally, including on the Group’s borrowers) and specific to the Group (e.g., due to the 
Group’s own net currency positions). If the Turkish Lira depreciates, then (when translated into Turkish Lira) the Group 
would incur currency translation losses on its liabilities denominated in (or indexed to) foreign currencies (such as the 
Group’s U.S. dollar-denominated long-term loans and other debt) and would experience currency translation gains on its 
assets denominated in (or indexed to) foreign currencies. Furthermore, a significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira might 
affect the Group’s ability to attract customers on such terms or to charge rates indexed to foreign currencies. As a reference, 
the Turkish Lira depreciated against the U.S. dollar by 19.9% in 2020, 44.3% in 2021, 28.7% in 2022 (20.9% in 2023 
through 16 June 2023, in part due to post-election expectations that the Central Bank would reduce its level of intervention to 
support the value of the Turkish Lira). The overall effect of exchange rate movements on the Group’s financial condition and 
results of operations depends upon the rate of depreciation or appreciation of the Turkish Lira against its principal trading and 
financing currencies. 
The Group seeks to manage the gap between its foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities by (among other 
things) matching the volumes and maturities of its foreign currency-denominated loans against its foreign currency-
denominated deposits and other funding or by entering into currency hedges. If the Group is unable to manage this gap, then 
volatility in exchange rates might have a negative effect on the value of the Group’s assets and/or lead to increased expenses,

--- Page 49 ---
28 
which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. For 
example, in recent years, the Bank has had significant excess foreign exchange liquidity as a result of customers’ preference 
to hold foreign exchange-denominated deposits while foreign exchange-denominated lending has been limited due to 
measures to limit foreign exchange lending, slower economic conditions and foreign exchange rate volatility (e.g., as of 
31 December 2022, the Bank’s foreign exchange-denominated deposits represented 39.2% of its total deposits while Turkish 
Lira-denominated lending represented 69.2% of the Bank’s loans). To support its Turkish Lira-denominated business, the 
Bank has swapped foreign currencies for Turkish Lira, which has increased the Bank’s swap costs  (which was compounded 
by market volatility and higher interest rates) and thereby had a negative impact on net interest margin (for example, in 2022, 
such swaps had a 31 basis point negative impact on the Bank’s net interest margin). 
In preparing its BRSA Financial Statements, transactions in currencies other than Turkish Lira are recorded at the 
rates of exchange prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At each balance sheet date, monetary items denominated in 
foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on such balance sheet date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value 
that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was 
determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated. As a 
result, the Group’s balance sheet and net profit/(loss) are affected by changes in the value of the Turkish Lira with respect to 
foreign currencies. The overall effect of exchange rate movements on the Group’s balance sheet and results of operations 
primarily depends upon the rate of depreciation or appreciation of the Turkish Lira against its principal trading and financing 
currencies. For example, as a result of the depreciation of the Turkish Lira by 28.7% against the U.S. dollar in 2022, the 
Turkish Lira-equivalent value of the Group’s foreign currency-denominated assets, liabilities and capital increased 
significantly in 2022. 
The share of Turkish Lira-denominated assets and liabilities in the Group’s balance sheet changed from 58.33% and 
53.69%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 to 51.31% and 46.73%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and 57.16% and 
55.47%, respectively, as of 31 December 2022, in both years largely due to the depreciation of the Turkish Lira. In addition, 
there was in 2021 and 2022 a 20.51% and 77.99%, respectively, increase (in Turkish Lira terms) in Turkish Lira-denominated 
loans. Accordingly, the growth in total loans during 2020 and 2021 was 53.05% and 36.50%, respectively, with these 
increases principally resulting from the growth in Turkish Lira-denominated loans. As the depreciation of the Turkish Lira 
leads to an increase in the Turkish Lira-equivalent of the Group’s foreign currency-denominated risk-weighted assets, this 
might adversely affect the Group’s capital adequacy ratios absent a corresponding increase in capital or additional risk 
mitigation measures. 
From a systemic perspective, if the Turkish Lira were to depreciate materially against the U.S. dollar or the euro 
(which represent a significant portion of the foreign currency debt of the Group’s corporate and commercial customers), then 
it would be more difficult for the Group’s customers with income primarily or entirely denominated in Turkish Lira to repay 
their foreign currency-denominated debt (including to the Group) and reduced repayment capacity of such customers might 
have a material negative impact on the Group’s financial condition (including its capitalisation). A number of Turkish 
borrowers have significant amounts of debt denominated in foreign currency and thus are susceptible to this risk and certain 
foreign currency-denominated loans in the Turkish market have been (or are in the process of being) restructured. As of 
31 December 2021, 31.68% of the Group’s total loans to customers was denominated in foreign currencies (29.88% and 
38.18%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 and 2021), of which 51.90% was in U.S. dollars and 48.01% was in euro. 
Compounding the impact of normal market movements, any actions taken by the Central Bank or other authorities 
to intervene in the value of the Turkish Lira (such as via increased interest rates or capital controls) might have a material 
negative effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. The Central Bank’s monetary policy 
is subject to a number of uncertainties, including global macroeconomic conditions, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine 
and political conditions in Türkiye. As global conditions have been volatile in recent years, including as a result of, among 
other factors, expectations regarding slower growth and low commodity and oil prices, monetary policy remains subject to 
uncertainty. 
Interest Rate Risk – The Group might be negatively affected by volatility in interest rates 
The Group’s results of operations depend significantly upon the level of its net interest income, which is the 
difference between interest income from interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. Net 
interest income is the principal source of income for the Group, contributing 73.80% of the Group’s total operating income 
and profit/loss from associates accounted for using the equity method for 2022 (69.99% and 70.27%, respectively, for 2020

--- Page 50 ---
29 
and 2021), and the net interest margin (which is measured on a Bank-only basis) was 6.79% in 2022 (4.30% and 2.80%, 
respectively, in 2020 and 2021). As a result, the differential between the average interest rates that the Group charges on 
interest-earning assets and the average interest rates that it accrues on interest-bearing liabilities, and the volume of such 
assets and liabilities, tend to have the most significant impact on the Bank’s results of operations. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group’s control, including monetary policies pursued 
by the Turkish government and domestic and international economic and political conditions, and the Group might be unable 
to take actions to mitigate any adverse effects of interest rate movements. In particular, the Group might be affected by the 
Central Bank’s policies with respect to interest rates and reserve requirements. Changes in market interest rates might affect 
the spread between interest rates charged on interest-earning assets and interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities, 
thereby affecting the Group’s results of operations. 
For example, an increase in interest rates (such as the large increases that the Central Bank implemented in the last 
half of 2020 to combat high inflation and the depreciation of the Turkish Lira) might cause the interest expense on deposits 
(which are typically short-term and repriced frequently) to increase more significantly and/or quickly than interest income 
from loans (which are short-, medium- and long-term), resulting in a potential short-term reduction in net interest income and 
net interest margin. In addition, a significant decline in average interest rates charged on loans to customers that is not fully 
matched by a decrease in interest rates on funding sources, or a significant increase in interest rates on funding sources that is 
not fully matched by a rise in interest rates charged, to the extent such exposures are not hedged, might have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations; however, the impact will depend 
upon the respective repricing of loans and funding (for example, in a time of generally declining interest rates, banks 
generally benefit for a period as deposits reprice more quickly than loan portfolios). 
Although the Group uses various instruments and measures to manage exposures to interest rate risk (see “Risk 
Management – Interest Rate Risk”), these instruments and measures might not protect the Group from the risks of changing 
interest rates. 
Reduction in Earnings on Investment Portfolio – The Group might be unable to sustain the level of earnings on its securities 
portfolio obtained during recent years 
The Group has historically generated a portion of its interest income from its securities portfolio, with interest 
income derived from the Group’s securities portfolio in 2020, 2021 and 2022 accounting for 21.70%, 25.68% and 44.70%, 
respectively, of its total interest income and 18.37%, 22.58% and 37.75%, respectively, of its gross operating income before 
deducting interest expense and fee and commission expense. The Group also has obtained large realised gains from the sale 
of securities in its available-for-sale portfolio. The CPI-linked securities in the Group’s investment securities portfolio 
provided high real yields compared to other government securities in each of such years, benefitting from the high inflation 
environment, but their impact on the Group’s earnings might vary as inflation rates change. 
While the contribution of income from the Group’s securities portfolio has been significant over recent years, such 
income might not be as large in coming years. As securities in its portfolio are repaid, the Group might not be able to re-
invest in assets with a comparable return. As such, the Group might experience declining levels of earnings from its securities 
portfolio. If the Group is unable to sustain its level of earnings from its securities portfolio, then this might have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Funding Risks 
Liquidity Risk – The Group might have difficulty borrowing funds on acceptable terms, if at all 
Liquidity risk comprises uncertainties in relation to the Group’s ability, under adverse conditions, to access funding 
necessary to cover obligations to customers, meet payment obligations on time and satisfy regulatory capital requirements. It 
includes (inter alia) the risk of lack of access to funding (other than from the reserves held with the Central Bank and limits 
granted to the Bank by the Central Bank both in Turkish Lira and foreign currency), the risk of unexpected increases in the 
cost of financing and the risk of not being able to structure the maturity dates of the Group’s liabilities reasonably in line with 
its assets (an asset-liability maturity gap). The Group’s inability to meet its net funding requirements due to inadequate 
liquidity would likely materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and/or results of operations.

--- Page 51 ---
30 
There can be no assurance that the Group will not experience liquidity issues. In the event that the Group 
experiences liquidity issues, its ability to access certain sources of funding at such time might be negatively impacted by 
factors that are not specific to its operations, such as general market conditions, disruptions of the financial markets or 
sovereign credit rating downgrades. For example, in the case of a global liquidity crisis, wholesale funding would likely 
become increasingly costly and more difficult to obtain for the Group, which might adversely affect borrowing using capital 
market instruments. 
The Group relies primarily on short-term liabilities in the form of deposits (typically deposits with terms of less than 
three months) as its source of funding and has a mix of short-, medium- and long-term assets in the form (inter alia) of retail, 
commercial and corporate loans, mortgages and credit cards, which might result in asset-liability maturity gaps and liquidity 
problems. The Group’s loan-to-deposit ratio was 103.45%, 98.96% and 87.81%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020, 2021 
and 2022. In addition, depositors might withdraw their funds at a rate faster than the rate at which borrowers repay. If the 
Group’s retail customers become or remain unemployed or earn declining amounts, then they might save less or consume 
more of their money deposited with the Group, which might negatively affect the Group’s access to deposit-based funding. 
Similarly, if the Group’s corporate customers face liquidity problems, then they might draw down their deposits with the 
Group. An inability on the Group’s part to access such funds might put the Group’s liquidity at risk and lead the Group to be 
unable to finance its operations and growth plans adequately or within required regulatory limits. 
Among its customer deposits, the Bank has historically benefitted from rules requiring state-related entities to 
deposit some or all of their funds exclusively with state-controlled banks such as the Bank (as of 31 December 2022, 
approximately 14.08% of the Bank’s deposit base was sourced from the public sector); however, these rules have become less 
strict in recent years. Under Turkish law, approximately 64.26% of such public sector-sourced deposits held by the Bank as 
of such date were permitted to be transferred to other banks in Türkiye, including private banks, whereas the balance must be 
held with state-controlled banks such as the Bank. Any withdrawal of all or a material portion of such deposits or a change in 
law that permits Turkish state-controlled entities to deposit additional such amounts with non-state-controlled banks might 
require the Bank to seek additional sources of funding (whether in the form of deposits or wholesale funding), which might 
not be available on terms the Bank considers commercially acceptable or at all. Any failure to obtain any replacement 
funding might negatively impact the Bank’s ability to maintain or grow its loan portfolio or otherwise increase its overall cost 
of funding, any of which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, prospects or 
financial condition. 
While the Bank’s principal source of funding comes from deposits, these funds are short-term by nature and thus do 
not enable the Bank to match fund its medium- and long-term assets. In addition, price competition for wholesale deposits 
has made such deposits less attractive. As a result, the Bank seeks to extend the average maturity of its liabilities in order to 
manage the maturity mismatch between assets and liabilities, to manage its liquidity coverage ratio requirements and to 
provide diversity in its funding. The Bank has raised (and likely will seek to continue to raise) longer term funds from 
syndicated and bilateral loans, “future flow” transactions, bond issuances and other transactions, many of which are 
denominated in foreign currencies. The Group’s non-deposit funding was equivalent to 30.70%, 32.91% and 33.68%, 
respectively, of its assets as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022. If growth in the Group’s deposit portfolio does not keep 
pace with growth in its loan portfolio, then the Group will become more reliant upon non-deposit funding sources, some of 
which might create additional risks of their own such as increased interest rate gaps and exposure to volatility in international 
capital markets. If conditions in the international capital markets or interbank lending market, or the Group’s and/or 
Türkiye’s credit ratings, were to deteriorate, then the Group might be unable to secure funding through international sources. 
As noted above, a portion of the Group’s wholesale fundraising is denominated in foreign currencies. The Group’s 
total foreign currency-denominated borrowings (i.e., the sum of foreign currency-denominated funds borrowed, money 
market funds, marketable securities issued and subordinated debt) equalled 36.00%, 35.29% and 37.52%, respectively, of its 
foreign currency-denominated liabilities as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022. While the Group has been successful in 
extending, at a relatively low cost, the maturity profile of its funding base, even during times of volatility in international 
markets, this might not continue in the future (including if investor confidence in Türkiye decreases as a result of political, 
economic or other factors). As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had free foreign currency liquidity amounting to US$9.9 
billion while having US$3.5 billion in foreign currency-denominated external debt to be paid within one year (an additional 
US$6.4 billion in such debt matures in later periods). Particularly in light of the historical volatility of emerging market 
financings, the Group might have difficulty extending and/or refinancing its existing foreign currency-denominated 
indebtedness, hindering its ability to avoid the interest rate risk inherent in asset-liability maturity gaps. Should these risks 
materialise, these circumstances might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or

--- Page 52 ---
31 
results of operations. These risks might increase as the Group seeks to increase medium- and long-term lending to its 
customers, including mortgages and project financings, the funding for much of which is likely to be made through 
borrowings in foreign currency (including refinancing of its foreign currency borrowings). 
A rising interest rate environment (such as that developing as of the date of this Base Prospectus in certain markets 
as a result of increasing inflation and tightening by a number of central banks globally) might compound the risk of the 
Group not being able to access funds at favourable rates or at all. Moreover, regulatory changes (such as the BRSA’s 
regulation requiring Turkish banks to hold a certain percentage of Turkish Lira deposits) might increase competition among 
banks, resulting in increased costs of funding. These and other factors might lead creditors to form a negative view of the 
Group’s liquidity, which might result in lower credit ratings, higher borrowing costs and/or decreased access to funds. 
While the Group aims to maintain at any given time an adequate level of liquidity reserves, strains on liquidity 
caused by any of these factors or otherwise (including as a result of the requirement to repay any indebtedness, whether on a 
scheduled basis or as a result of an acceleration due to a default or other event) might adversely affect the Group’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Access to Capital – The Group might have difficulty raising capital on acceptable terms, if at all 
By law, each of the Bank and the Group is required to maintain certain capital levels and capital adequacy ratios in 
connection with its business, which capital adequacy ratios depend in part upon the level of risk-weighted assets. Any 
continued growth in the Group’s lending (both in absolute terms as well as proportionately in comparison to the Group’s zero 
risk-weighted investment in Turkish government securities) will likely result in an increase in the Group’s risk-weighted 
assets, which might adversely affect the Group’s capital adequacy ratios absent a corresponding increase in capital (see 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Capital Adequacy”). 
Any changes relating to Basel III or any other capital adequacy-related revisions might impact the manner in which 
the Bank and/or the Group calculates its capital ratios and might impose higher capital requirements, which might in turn 
require the Group to raise additional capital and/or reduce its balance sheet to ensure that it has sufficient capital reserves, 
which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Additionally, it is possible that the Group’s capital levels might decline due to (inter alia) credit losses, loan provisions, 
currency fluctuations or dividend payments. The Group also might need to raise additional capital to ensure that it has 
sufficient capital to support growth in its assets. Should the Group wish or be required to raise additional capital, it might not 
be in a position to do so at all or at prices that the Group considers to be reasonable. If any or all of these risks materialise, 
then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity, business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
Operational Risks 
Competition in the Turkish Banking Sector – Intense competition in the Turkish banking sector might have a material adverse 
effect on the Group 
The Group faces significant competition from other participants in the Turkish banking sector, including both state-
controlled and private banks in Türkiye as well as many subsidiaries and branches of foreign banks and joint ventures 
between Turkish and foreign shareholders. A small number of these banks dominate the banking industry in Türkiye. As of 
31 March 2023 (according to the Banks Association of Türkiye), the top seven banking groups in Türkiye (including the 
Group), three of which were state-controlled (including the Group), held 81.98% of the Turkish banking sector’s total loan 
portfolio in Türkiye, 82.13% of the total bank assets in Türkiye and 84.08% of the total deposits in Türkiye (in each case, 
excluding participation banks and development and investment banks). The Bank’s management believes that further entries 
into the sector by foreign competitors, either directly or in collaboration with existing Turkish banks, might increase 
competition in the market, particularly as foreign competitors might have greater resources and more cost-effective funding 
sources than the Group. 
If competitors (including increasingly new technology companies) can offer better lending rates to clients, higher 
interest rates on deposits or better customer experiences for services and products, then the Group might (inter alia) lose 
customers or market share, be forced to reduce its margins and/or be forced to seek more expensive sources of funding, any

--- Page 53 ---
32 
of which might adversely affect the Group’s profitability. Increased price competition in the Turkish banking markets 
through the offer of products at significantly lower prices might also affect customer behaviour and loyalty. Any failure to 
maintain customer loyalty or to offer customers a wide range of high quality, competitive products with consistently high 
levels of service might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
In August 2021, the BRSA published the Regulation on Operation Principles of Digital Banks and Banking as a 
Service, which became effective on 1 January 2022 and establishes the regulatory principles for digital-only banks and 
banking as a service businesses. The increasing transition to digital banking, as reflected in this proposed regulation, presents 
the likelihood of greater competition in banking services as such digital-only platforms can be established relatively quickly 
due to their different infrastructure models (e.g., no branches). This new generation of competitors might have lower costs, 
thereby allowing them to offer products and services at prices below those offered by traditional banks such as the Bank. 
The Group’s exposure to intense competition in each of its key areas of operation might, among other things, limit 
the Group’s ability to increase its client base and expand its operations, reduce its asset growth rate and profit margins on 
services it provides and increase competition for investment opportunities. There can be no assurance that the continuation of 
existing levels of competition or increased competition will not have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Dependence upon Banking and Other Licences – Group members might be unable to maintain or secure the necessary 
licences for carrying on their business 
Each of the Bank and, to the extent applicable, each of its subsidiaries has a current Turkish and/or other applicable 
licence for all of its banking and other operations. The Vakıfbank Law specifically regulates the banking activities of the 
Group. The Bank’s management believes that the Bank and each of its subsidiaries is in compliance with its existing material 
licence and reporting obligations; nevertheless, if it is incorrect, or if any member of the Group were to suffer a loss of a 
licence, breach the terms of a licence or fail to obtain any further required licences, then this might have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Restrictive Covenants – Restrictive covenants under the Group’s agreements might adversely affect the Group’s operations 
and a breach of any of these covenants might result in the counterparty exercising remedies against the applicable member 
of the Group and/or its properties 
The Group is party to a range of agreements, including in respect of debt raised by the Group, which contain 
restrictive covenants, such as negative pledges, requirements for the maintenance of certain regulatory authorisations and 
requirements to refrain from certain transactions with affiliates. These restrictive covenants might adversely affect the 
Group’s operations, such as its ability to raise funding secured by its properties. In addition, a breach of any of these 
covenants might result in the counterparty exercising remedies against the applicable member of the Group and/or its 
properties, and such breach and/or acceleration might cross-trigger to other agreements of the Group, any of which events 
might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. For example, if 
the Bank is required to prepay a loan, then it might need to use a significant amount of its liquidity, sell assets (potentially at 
a disadvantageous price) and/or reduce its business in order to satisfy this unexpected prepayment. 
Estimations – Future events might be different from those reflected in the management assumptions and estimates used in the 
preparation of the Group’s financial statements, which might result in unexpected reductions in profitability 
Pursuant to accounting rules and interpretations, the Group uses certain estimates in preparing its financial 
statements, including in determining expected credit losses and the accounting value of certain assets and liabilities. Should 
the estimated values for such items prove to be materially inaccurate, including as a result of unexpected market movements 
or external developments (in each case, such as relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, the war in Ukraine and the February 
2023 earthquakes), or if the methods by which such values were determined are revised in future accounting rules or 
interpretations, then the Group might experience unexpected reductions in profitability and/or such inaccuracies might 
otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. For 
example, portions of the Group’s provisions for loans are determined based upon assumptions about the Turkish economy 
and thus (particularly if the Turkish economy underperforms such assumptions) the Group might have taken inadequate 
provisions for loans.

--- Page 54 ---
33 
Risk Management – The Group’s efforts to identify, control and manage risk might be inadequate 
In the course of its business activities, the Group is exposed to a variety of risks, including (inter alia) credit risk, 
market risk, liquidity risk and operational risk (each as separately discussed in these “Risk Factors”). Any material deficiency 
in the Group’s risk management or other internal control policies or procedures might expose it to significant risk, which in 
turn might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and/or financial condition. If 
circumstances arise that the Group has not identified or anticipated adequately, if the security of its risk management systems 
is compromised or if its risk policies or procedures have material deficiencies, then the Group’s losses from such risks might 
be greater than expected, which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. In addition, some of the Group’s methods of managing risk are based upon its use of historical data, 
which might not accurately predict future risk exposures. For example, if the Group’s credit risk policies underestimate the 
negative impact of a recession on the value of Turkish real property, then loans secured by Turkish real property might be 
undercollateralised and result in material unexpected losses to the Group. See “Risk Management.” 
International Operations – Adverse changes in the regulatory and economic environment in other jurisdictions in which the 
Group operates might have a material adverse effect on the Group 
While a substantial majority of the Group’s operations are in Türkiye, it also (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) 
maintains operations in countries such as the United States, Bahrain, Austria, the Republic of Iraq and the Turkish Republic 
of Northern Cyprus. In February 2019, the Bank obtained the approval of the BRSA to open representative offices in the PRC 
and Qatar with the purpose of enhancing the international operations of the Bank. In February 2021, the Bank opened a 
branch in Qatar and then opened an office in the PRC in April 2023. The Group’s operations outside of Türkiye are subject to 
differing regulatory environments and domestic economic conditions and require the Group to engage in transactions in 
relevant local currencies such as the euro. In addition, certain of these jurisdictions are emerging markets, which might 
expose the Group to risks greater than those associated with more developed markets, including political, economic and 
social instability, uncertainty of local contractual terms and of enforcing terms in disputes before local courts, the 
introduction of exchange or foreign investment controls and the complexities and uncertainties of complying with local 
regulatory requirements. Adverse changes in the regulatory environments, tax and/or other laws, economic and political 
conditions, relevant exchange rates and/or other circumstances in the other jurisdictions in which the Group operates might 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Operational Risk – The Group might be unable to monitor and prevent losses arising from fraud and/or operational errors or 
disruptions 
The Group employs substantial resources to develop and operate its risk management processes and procedures; 
however, similar to other banking groups, the Group is susceptible to, among other things, fraud by employees, customers or 
other third parties, failure of internal processes and systems (including to detect fraud or unlawful transactions), unauthorised 
transactions by employees and other operational errors (including clerical or record-keeping errors and errors resulting from 
faulty computer or telecommunications systems). The Group’s risk management and expanded control capabilities are also 
limited by the information tools and techniques available to the Group. The Group is also subject to service interruptions 
from time to time caused by third party service providers (such as telecommunications operators) or other service 
interruptions resulting from events such as natural disasters. Such events might result in interruptions to services to the 
Group’s branches and/or impact customer service. In addition, given the Group’s high volume of transactions, fraud or errors 
might be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and rectified. Furthermore, a number of banking transactions 
are not fully automated, which might further increase the risk that human error or employee tampering will result in losses 
that might be difficult for the Group to detect quickly or at all. For example, if the Group’s operational risk control systems 
do not identify a weakness in the Group’s mortgage loan application processing system, then fraud might occur that results in 
material unexpected losses to the Group. If the Group is unable to successfully monitor and control these or any other 
operational risks, then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation, business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations. See “Risk Management - Operational Risk Management.” 
Dependence upon Information Technology Systems – The Group’s operations might be adversely affected by interruptions to 
or the improper functioning of its information technology systems 
The Group’s business, financial performance and ability to meet its strategic objectives (including rapid credit 
decisions, product rollout and growth) depend to a significant extent upon the functionality of its information technology

--- Page 55 ---
34 
(“IT”) systems and its ability to increase systems capacity (for example, to support the significant increase in work-from-
home demands on the Group’s systems resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic). The proper functioning of the Group’s 
financial control, risk management, credit analysis and reporting, accounting, customer service and other IT systems, as well 
as the communication networks between its branches and main data processing centres, are critical to the Group’s business 
and its ability to compete. For example, the Group’s ability to process credit card and other electronic transactions for its 
customers is an essential element of its business. 
Any failure, interruption or breach in security of the Group’s IT systems (including as a result of any cyberattacks, 
phishing, ransomware or other malicious acts) might result in failures or interruptions in the Group’s risk management, 
general ledger, deposit servicing, loan organisation and/or other important operations. Although the Group has developed 
back-up systems and a fully-equipped disaster recovery centre, and might continue some of its operations through the Bank’s 
branches in case of emergency, if the Group’s IT systems failed, even for a short period of time, then it might be unable to 
serve some or all of its customers’ needs on a timely basis and thus might lose business. Likewise, a temporary shutdown of 
the Group’s IT systems might result in costs that are required for information retrieval and verification. In addition, the 
Group’s failure to update and develop its existing IT systems as effectively as its competitors might result in a loss of the 
competitive advantages that the Group believes its IT systems provide. Such failures or interruptions might occur and/or the 
Group might not adequately address them if they do occur. For example, if the Group’s IT technicians do not identify a 
programming error in the software running the Group’s mortgage application software, then fraud might occur that results in 
material unexpected losses to the Group. A disruption (even short-term) to the functionality of the Group’s IT systems, delays 
or other problems in increasing the capacity of the Group’s IT systems or increased costs associated with such systems might 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. For further 
information on the Group’s IT system, see “The Group and its Business – Information Technology.” 
Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing – The Group is subject to risks associated with money laundering or terrorist 
financing 
Although the Group has adopted various policies and procedures, and has put in place systems (including internal 
controls, “know your customer” rules and transaction monitoring), aimed at preventing money laundering and terrorist 
financing, and seeks to adhere to all requirements under Turkish law and international standards aimed at preventing it from 
being used as a vehicle for money laundering or terrorist financing, these policies and procedures might not be completely 
effective. Moreover, to a certain extent, the Group must rely upon correspondent banks to maintain and properly apply their 
own appropriate anti-money laundering, “know your customer” and terrorist financing policies and procedures. If the Group 
does not comply with timely reporting requirements or other anti-money laundering or anti-terrorist financing laws and/or is 
associated with money laundering and/or terrorist financing, then its business, financial condition and/or results of operations 
might be adversely affected, including in manners that significantly exceed the actual value of the underlying transaction. In 
addition, involvement in such activities might carry criminal penalties or regulatory fines and sanctions and might severely 
harm the Group’s reputation, each of which might have a material effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. 
In October 2014, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “OECD”) Working Group on 
Bribery adopted the Phase 3 Report on Implementing the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention. In this report, the OECD Working 
Group expressed concerns about Türkiye’s low level of anti-bribery enforcement and recommended that Türkiye improve its 
efforts to proactively detect, investigate and prosecute allegations of foreign bribery. The OECD Working Group also 
expressed concern regarding certain deficiencies in Türkiye’s corporate liability legislation and enforcement against legal 
persons and made several recommendations to address these concerns. In addition, on 21 October 2021, the Financial Action 
Task Force (the “FATF”) placed Türkiye on the so-called “grey list” of countries in need of elevated supervision of its legal 
framework for combatting terrorism and money laundering. The FATF cited concerns about inadequate supervision of 
Türkiye’s banking and real estate sectors and dealers in gold and precious stones, including having undertaken insufficient 
prosecutorial efforts against violators (including freezing of assets). Subsequently, to reflect Türkiye’s progress, the FATF re-
rated the country on 30 November 2021 on some recommendations and changed the rating of four recommendations from 
partially compliant to largely compliant. On 10 May 2022, the FATF re-rated the country and changed the rating of one 
recommendation from partially compliant to compliant and two recommendations from partially compliant to largely 
compliant. These concerns might negatively impact investors’ willingness to invest in Türkiye and/or engage with Turkish 
banks and changes in Turkish laws and practices might arise from these recommendations, both of which might have a 
material effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.

--- Page 56 ---
35 
Personnel – The Group’s success depends upon retaining key members of its senior management and its ability to recruit, 
train and motivate qualified personnel 
The Group is dependent upon its senior management to implement its strategy and operate its day-to-day business. 
In addition, corporate, retail and other relationships of members of senior management are important to the conduct of the 
Group’s business. In a rapidly emerging and developing market such as Türkiye, demand for highly trained and skilled staff, 
particularly in the Group’s İstanbul headquarters, is very high and requires the Group to re-assess continually its 
compensation and employment policies. If members of the Group’s senior management were to leave, particularly if they 
were to join competitors, then those employees’ relationships that have benefited the Group might not continue with the 
Group. In addition, the Group’s success depends, in part, upon its ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified and 
experienced banking and management personnel. The Group’s failure to recruit and retain necessary personnel or manage its 
personnel successfully might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
Other Group-Related Risks 
Control by Government – The Bank is controlled by the Turkish government, whose interests might not be aligned with the 
interests of the investors in the Notes 
As the primary shareholder of the Bank, the Turkish government has the power to nominate six of the nine members 
of the Board (four directly and two through its holding of a majority of the Bank’s shares), to determine the outcome of 
almost all other matters to be decided by a vote of the Bank’s shareholders and to transfer its ownership of the Bank. The 
interests of the Turkish government might differ from those of the Bank and its creditors and the Turkish government might 
prevent or delay the Bank from making certain decisions, might take certain actions that would benefit the Turkish 
government or might take certain actions that fail to protect the interests of the Bank’s other constituencies, including 
investors in the Notes. See “Ownership.” 
Independent Directors – Independent directors constitute a minority of the Bank’s directors 
The CMB issued the Communiqué No. II-17.1 on Corporate Governance (the “Corporate Governance 
Communiqué”), which provides certain mandatory and non-mandatory corporate governance principles as well as rules 
regarding related party transactions and investor relations department. Some provisions of the Corporate Governance 
Communiqué are applicable to all companies incorporated in Türkiye and listed on the Borsa İstanbul, whereas some others 
are applicable solely to companies whose shares are traded in certain markets of the Borsa İstanbul. The Corporate 
Governance Communiqué provides specific exemptions and/or rules applicable to banks that are traded on Borsa İstanbul. 
The intent of the Corporate Governance Communiqué is to enhance Turkish corporate governance standards in a number of 
ways. The Bank is also subject to the corporate governance principles stated in the banking regulations and the regulations 
for capital markets that are applicable to banks. Should the Bank fail to comply with any mandatory obligations, then it might 
be subject to sanctions from the CMB. 
According to the Corporate Governance Communiqué, publicly traded banks are also required to appoint at least 
three independent board members to their boards of directors, who may be selected from the members of the audit 
committee; provided that at least one member should meet the mandatory qualification required for board members as set out 
under the applicable legislation. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has three directors that it considers to be 
independent (including the board members of the audit committee, who are deemed to be independent board members 
according to the Corporate Governance Communiqué). These independent directors constitute a minority of the board of 
directors. As a result, the decisions made by the Bank’s directors might be the same as the views of the Bank’s management 
and thus the Bank’s Board might not present an independent voice to balance against the views of the Bank’s management. 
See “Management.” 
Audit Qualification – The auditor’s reports in relation to the Group’s and the Bank’s financial statements have included a 
qualification and reports in relation to future financial statements might include similar qualifications 
The independent auditor’s report included in each of the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference 
herein was qualified with respect to free provisions that were allocated by the Bank’s management. For example, such report

--- Page 57 ---
36 
in the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 states that the 
qualification was the result of the free provisions: “provided by the Group [sic] management for the possible effects of the 
negative circumstances which may arise from the possible changes in the economy and market conditions[,] which does not 
meet the recognition criteria of TAS 37 ‘Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets.’” A similar qualification 
was included in the BRSA Interim Financial Statements. See also the auditor’s report included in each of the BRSA Financial 
Statements incorporated by reference herein. 
The Group allocated: (a) a free provision amounting to TL 1,072 million as of 31 December 2020, (b) a free 
provision amounting to TL 1,772 million as of 31 December 2021 and (c) after an increase of TL 17,228 million in 2022, a 
free provision amounting to TL 19,000 million as of 31 December 2022. In the first quarter of 2023, the Group reversed 
TL 12,000 million in free provisions in combination with equivalent donations to support those impacted by the February 
2023 earthquakes, resulting in total free provisions as of 31 March 2023 being TL 7,000 million. 
Although general reserves do not impact the Group’s level of tax, the Group’s capital adequacy ratios and net 
profit/(loss) might otherwise be higher in the periods in which such reserves are established and lower in the periods in which 
such reserves are reversed. 
Absence of Governmental Support – The Group’s non-deposit obligations are generally not guaranteed by the Turkish or any 
other government and there might not be any governmental or other support in the event of illiquidity or insolvency 
The non-deposit obligations of the Group are not guaranteed or otherwise supported by the Turkish or any other 
government; provided that the Turkish Treasury may guarantee certain loans to the Bank from official lenders such as the 
World Bank, the EIB and KfW. While rating agencies and others have occasionally included in their analysis of certain banks 
a view that systemically important banks would likely be supported by the banks’ home governments in times of illiquidity 
and/or insolvency (examples of which sovereign support have been seen in other countries during the global financial crisis), 
this might not be the case for Türkiye in general or the Group in particular. Notwithstanding that the Bank is state-controlled 
and has received capital injections from the Türkiye Wealth Fund, investors in the Notes should not place any reliance upon 
the possibility of the Group being supported by any governmental or other entity at any time, including by providing liquidity 
or helping to maintain the Group’s operations during periods of material market volatility. See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment - The Savings Deposit Insurance Fund (SDIF)” for information on the limited government-provided insurance 
for the Bank’s deposit obligations. 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
While the risks described above are important with respect to the Issuer’s ability to make payments due in respect of 
the Notes, there are additional risks that should be considered by investors in the Notes, including risks relating to the nature 
of the structure of the Notes and general risks relating to investments in the Notes (both of which are set out in the 
corresponding sub-category below). Such risks that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on 
investors in the Notes issued with the terms and conditions set out in this Base Prospectus (the “Conditions”) are set out in 
this category of risk factors; it being understood that the following does not address any specific conditions of, or 
circumstances relating to, any particular investor (including such investor’s own tax, regulatory or other circumstances) but 
rather to investors generally speaking. 
Risks Relating to the Structure of the Notes 
The Notes present investors with certain risks that are applicable to investments in senior unsecured obligations 
issued by the Issuer. Such risks that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on investors in the 
Notes are set out in this section. 
Unsecured Obligations – The Notes will constitute unsecured obligations of the Bank and will not be guaranteed 
The Bank’s obligations under the Notes will (subject to Condition 4) constitute unsecured obligations of the Bank 
and no other member of the Group has guaranteed, or will have any liability for, the Notes (and the BRSA Financial 
Statements of the Group incorporated into (and discussed in) this Base Prospectus should be understood accordingly as the 
Bank might not have the ability to access the assets of other members of the Group, including receiving dividends from such

--- Page 58 ---
37 
other members of the Group). The ability of the Bank to pay such obligations will depend upon, among other factors, its 
liquidity, overall financial strength and ability to generate asset flows, which might be affected by (inter alia) the 
circumstances described in these “Risk Factors.” 
Early Redemption – The Notes may be subject to early redemption in certain circumstances 
In accordance with Condition 8, the Issuer will, in certain circumstances described below, have the right to redeem 
Notes prior to their maturity date. This optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market price of an investment in the 
Notes because, until the end of the period in which the Issuer may elect so to redeem such Notes, the market price of an 
investment in such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. In addition, an 
investor might not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the then-applicable 
interest rate (the “Interest Rate”) on the Notes being redeemed and might only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
interest rate (or through taking on a greater credit risk). Reinvestment risk should be an important element of an investor’s 
consideration in investing in the Notes. 
Taxation. Unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem 
all (but not some only) of a Series of Notes on any Payment Business Day (including in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes) at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to their maturity date stated in 
the applicable Final Terms (for each Series, its “Maturity Date”), if: (a) as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws of a Relevant Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official interpretation of the laws of a 
Relevant Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes effective after the date on which agreement is reached 
to issue the most recently issued Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes (which will, for the avoidance of doubt, be 
the date on which the applicable Final Terms is signed by the Issuer), on the next Interest Payment Date, the Issuer 
would be required to: (i) pay Additional Amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 and (ii) make any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed, assessed or levied by (or on behalf of) any 
Relevant Jurisdiction at a rate in excess of the applicable prevailing rates on the date on which agreement is reached 
to issue the most recently issued Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes, and (b) such requirement cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it. Upon such a redemption, investors in such Series of 
Notes might not be able to reinvest the amounts received at a rate that will provide an equivalent rate of return as 
their investment in the redeemed Notes and, in the case of any Floating Rate Notes, the redemption might take place 
on any day during an Interest Period. See Condition 8.2. 
The withholding tax rate on interest payments in respect of bonds (such as the Notes) issued outside of 
Türkiye by corporations that are tax residents of Türkiye varies depending upon the original maturity of such bonds 
as specified under the Council of Ministers’ Decrees No. 2009/14592, 2009/14593 and 2009/14594, each dated 
12 January 2009, as amended by Decree No. 2010/1182 dated 20 December 2010, Decree No. 2011/1854 dated 
26 April 2011 and Presidential Decree No. 842 dated 20 March 2019 (together, the “Tax Decrees”). Pursuant to the 
Tax Decrees, the withholding tax rates are set according to the original maturity of debt instruments issued abroad as 
follows: (a) 7% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of less than one year, (b) 3% 
withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of at least one year and less than three years and (c) 
0% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of three years or more. 
Issuer Call. If “Issuer Call” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together (if 
applicable) with all interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. To the 
extent Notes have such an optional redemption feature, the Issuer can be expected to redeem such Notes when its 
cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on such Notes. In addition, in the case of any Floating Rate Notes, 
redemption might take place on any day during an Interest Period. See Condition 8.3.

--- Page 59 ---
38 
Effective Subordination – Claims of Noteholders under the Notes will be effectively subordinated to those of certain other 
creditors 
While Notes issued with the Conditions will rank pari passu with all of the Bank’s other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness, the Notes will be effectively subordinated to the Bank’s secured indebtedness and 
securitisations, if any, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such transactions, and will be subject to certain 
preferential obligations under Turkish law (including, without limitation, liabilities that are preferred by reason of reserve 
and/or liquidity requirements required by law to be maintained by the Bank with the Central Bank, claims of individual 
depositors with the Bank to the extent of any amount that such depositors are not fully able to recover from the SDIF, claims 
that the SDIF might have against the Bank and claims that the Central Bank might have against the Bank with respect to 
certain loans made by it to the Bank). In addition: (a) creditors of the Bank benefitting from collateral provided by the Bank 
will have preferential rights with respect to such collateral (e.g., creditors in a covered bond programme) and (b) creditors of 
a foreign branch of the Bank might have preferential rights with respect to the assets of such branch. Any such preferential 
claims might reduce the amount recoverable by the Noteholders on any dissolution, winding up or liquidation of the Bank 
and might result in an investor in the Notes losing all or some of its investment. 
Change of Interest Basis – If a Series of Notes includes a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or vice versa, then this might affect the secondary market and the market price of an investment in such Notes 
Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis with respect to a Series of Notes, 
might affect the secondary market and the market price of investments in such Notes as the change of interest basis might 
result in a lower interest return for investors. Where Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on such 
Notes might be less favourable than then-prevailing spreads on comparable securities tied to the same reference rate. In 
addition, the new floating rate at any time might be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where Notes convert from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate might be lower than then-prevailing rates on those Notes and might affect the market price 
of an investment in such Notes. 
Settlement Currency – In certain circumstances, investors might need to open a bank account in the Specified Currency of 
their Notes, payment might be made in a currency other than as elected by a Noteholder or the currency in which payment is 
made might affect the value of an investment in the Notes or such payment to the relevant Noteholder 
In the case of Turkish Lira-denominated Notes held other than through DTC, unless “USD Payment Election” is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an election to receive payments in U.S. dollars as provided in 
Condition 7.8 is made, holders of such Notes would need to have or open (and maintain) a Turkish Lira-denominated bank 
account, and no assurance can be given that Noteholders will be able to do so either inside or outside of Türkiye. For so long 
as such Notes are in global form, any Noteholder who does not maintain such a bank account will be unable to transfer 
Turkish Lira funds (whether from payments on, or the proceeds of any sale of, such Notes) from its account at a clearing 
system to which any such payment is made. 
Under Condition 7.8, if the Fiscal Agent receives cleared funds from the Bank in respect of Turkish Lira-
denominated Notes held other than through DTC after the relevant time on the Relevant Payment Date, then the Fiscal Agent 
will use reasonable efforts to pay any U.S. dollar amounts that Noteholders have elected to receive in respect of such funds as 
soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. If, for illegality or any other reason, it is not possible for the Fiscal Agent to 
purchase U.S. dollars with any Turkish Lira funds received, then the relevant payments in respect of such Notes will be made 
in Turkish Lira. As any currency election in respect of any payment to be made under such Turkish Lira-denominated Notes 
for the purposes of Condition 7.8 is irrevocable: (a) its exercise might (at least temporarily) affect the liquidity of the 
applicable Notes, (b) a Noteholder would not be permitted to change its election notwithstanding changes in exchange rates 
or other market conditions and (c) if the Fiscal Agent cannot, for any reason, effect the conversion of the amount paid by the 
Issuer in Turkish Lira, then Noteholders will receive the relevant amount in Turkish Lira. 
For Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars that are held through DTC, if a Noteholder 
wishes to receive payment in such Specified Currency, then it would need to have or open and maintain a bank account in 
such Specified Currency. Any Noteholder who does not maintain such a bank account will be unable to receive payments on 
such Notes in the Specified Currency. Absent an affirmative election to receive such payments in the Specified Currency, the

--- Page 60 ---
39 
Exchange Agent will convert any such payment made by the Issuer in the Specified Currency into U.S. dollars and the 
holders of such Notes will receive payment in U.S. dollars through DTC’s normal procedures. See Condition 7.9. 
Noteholders will have no recourse to the Bank, any Agent or any other Person for any reduction in value to the 
holder of any relevant Notes or any payment made in respect of such Notes as a result of such payment being made in the 
Specified Currency or in accordance with any currency election made by that holder, including as a result of any foreign 
exchange rate spreads, conversion fees or commissions resulting from any exchange of such payment into any currency other 
than the Specified Currency. Such exchange, and any fees and commissions related thereto, or payment made in the Specified 
Currency might result in a Noteholder receiving an amount that is less than the amount that such Noteholder might have 
obtained had it received the payment in the Specified Currency and converted such payment in an alternative manner or if 
payment had been made in accordance with the relevant currency election. 
Furthermore, any claim against the Bank that is denominated in a currency other than Turkish Lira would, in the 
event of the bankruptcy of the Bank, only be payable in Turkish Lira. The relevant exchange rate for determining the Turkish 
Lira-equivalent amount of any such claim would be the Central Bank’s exchange rate for the purchase of the relevant 
currency that is effective on the date the relevant court decides on bankruptcy of the Bank in accordance with the applicable 
laws of Türkiye. 
Benchmarks Uncertainty – The regulation, reform and/or replacement of “benchmarks” might adversely affect the value of 
investments in Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Certain interest rates and indices that are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as EURIBOR) are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory reforms. Some of these reforms are already effective (for example, in the case of 
EURIBOR) while others are still to be implemented. Any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, might increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Accordingly, the implementation of any 
benchmark-related reforms might, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark and/or cause such benchmark to perform differently than in the past. 
In addition, a benchmark subject to a reform proposal might disappear entirely or result in other consequences that cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequences might have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a 
benchmark. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it: (a) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (b) prevents certain uses by EU-supervised entities (as defined in Article 3(1)(17) of 
the Benchmarks Regulation) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation might have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of such benchmark change(s) during the term of such Notes in order to comply 
with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes might, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the applicable benchmark. 
European Money Markets Institute, as the registered benchmark administrator of EURIBOR, shifted in 2019 from a 
quote-based methodology of calculating EURIBOR to a hybrid methodology that is based upon contributions of individual 
panel banks that submit transaction-based data. In its publication of 15 February 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
recommended that, in respect of any events resulting in a cessation of EURIBOR or if EURIBOR for whatever reasons would 
no longer be representative of the underlying market it purports to measure, EURIBOR be replaced with the Euro Short-term 
Rate (referred to as “€STR”), which is a risk-free rate that has been published by the ECB since 2 October 2019. The euro 
risk free-rate working group for the euro area has also published a set of guiding principles and high level recommendations 
for fallback provisions in (inter alia) new euro-denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. These 
guiding principles indicate (inter alia) that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback 
provisions) might increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates (with the recommendation for the

--- Page 61 ---
40 
EURIBOR fallback rate for floating-rate notes to be based upon a backward-looking €STR rate, adjusted in relation to the 
term of the applicable securities and an applicable spread adjustment). 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether and to what extent certain benchmarks will be supported going 
forward. This might cause a benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past, and might have other 
consequences that cannot be predicted, including: (a) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to a benchmark, (b) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (c) leading to 
the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international 
or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations relating to benchmarks might have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any investment in Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Condition 6.7 provides for certain fallback arrangements (the “benchmark discontinuation provisions”) in the event 
that SONIA, SOFR, EURIBOR, TLREF, ROBOR, PRIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR, NIBOR, WIBOR, CNH HIBOR or any other 
relevant benchmark is discontinued or no longer published or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs, including the possibility 
that the Interest Rate on the applicable Notes could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and, 
in either case, as adjusted by reference to an Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as applicable. With 
respect to the benchmark rates for Notes (other than Notes that reference SOFR for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Condition 6.7(II) as being applicable), to the extent that the relevant benchmark is discontinued or no longer published or a 
Benchmark Event otherwise occurs with respect thereto, and no alternative, successor or replacement reference rate is 
identified or selected in accordance with the benchmark discontinuation provisions, then the Interest Rate on the applicable 
Notes will be determined by the fallback provisions provided for under Condition 6.2(b); however, such provisions, being 
dependent in part upon the provision by reference banks, might not operate as intended depending upon market 
circumstances and the availability of interest rate information at the relevant time and might in certain circumstances result in 
the effective application of a fixed rate based upon the rate that applied in the previous period when any relevant benchmark 
was available, in effect resulting in such Notes becoming fixed rate notes. Any of these alternative methods might result in 
interest payments that are lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that would have been 
made on the applicable Notes if any relevant benchmark were available in their current form. Additionally, if any relevant 
benchmark rate is discontinued or no longer published, then there can be no assurance that the applicable fallback provisions 
under any related swap agreements would operate so as to ensure that the benchmark rate used to determine payments under 
any related swap agreements is the same as that used to determine interest payments under the applicable Notes. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions or the Agency Agreement, the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders is not required in the case of amendments to the Conditions pursuant to the benchmark 
discontinuation provisions to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate(s) or amount of interest or the basis for 
calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the applicable Notes or for any other variation of the Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement required to be made in the circumstances described in the benchmark discontinuation provisions where 
the Issuer has delivered to the Calculation Agent a certificate in the form and manner required by the benchmark 
discontinuation provisions. Any such amendment made pursuant to the benchmark discontinuation provisions might have 
unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each 
Noteholder or Couponholder, any such amendment will be favourable to each Noteholder or Couponholder. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and 
the involvement of the Issuer and/or an Independent Advisor in accordance with the benchmark discontinuation provisions, 
the relevant benchmark discontinuation provisions might not operate as intended at the relevant time. More generally, any of 
the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant benchmark might have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the applicable Notes. No assurance may be 
provided that relevant changes will not be made to SONIA, SOFR, EURIBOR, TLREF, ROBOR, PRIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR, 
NIBOR, WIBOR, CNH HIBOR or any other relevant benchmark and/or that such benchmarks will continue to exist. 
Investors should consider these matters and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed by benchmark 
reforms and investigations when making their investment decision with respect to the Notes. 
Any of the factors above and their consequences might have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, 
value of and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisors and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the current uncertainty related to the discontinuation of benchmarks, the benchmark discontinuation provisions

--- Page 62 ---
41 
set out in Condition 6.7 and the Benchmarks Regulation in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked 
to or referencing a benchmark. 
SOFR – The use of SOFR as a benchmark is subject to various uncertainties 
On 25 April 2019, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee announced its final recommendations for fallback 
provisions for floating rate notes that set their interest rates based upon the U.S. dollar London interbank offer rate (“USD 
LIBOR”), including the use of SOFR. As SOFR is a new benchmark with limited historical use in the international capital 
markets, its impact and development are uncertain. These uncertainties include the following: 
The composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of USD LIBOR and there is no 
guarantee that SOFR is a comparable substitute for USD LIBOR. The composition and characteristics of SOFR are 
not the same as those of USD LIBOR. SOFR is a broad U.S. Treasury “repo” financing rate that represents 
overnight secured funding transactions, which means that SOFR is fundamentally different from USD LIBOR in at 
least two key manners. Firstly, SOFR is a secured rate while USD LIBOR is an unsecured rate. Secondly, SOFR is 
an overnight rate while USD LIBOR has represented interbank funding over different maturities. As a result, there 
can be no assurance that SOFR will perform in the same way as USD LIBOR would have at any time, including 
(without limitation) as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or 
regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events. For example, since publication of SOFR 
began in April 2018, changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than changes in comparable 
benchmark or other market rates (including USD LIBOR). 
Because SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as administrator of SOFR, based 
upon data received from other sources, the Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication; 
in addition, there can be no assurance that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that 
is materially adverse to the interests of investors in SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes. SOFR is published by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the “FRBNY”) and is intended to be a broad measure of the cost of borrowing 
cash overnight collateralised by U.S. Treasury securities. The FRBNY reports that SOFR includes all trades in the 
“Broad General Collateral Rate” plus bilateral U.S. Treasury “repo” transactions cleared through the delivery-
versus-payment service offered by the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (the “FICC”), a subsidiary of The 
Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”). SOFR is filtered by the FRBNY to remove a portion of the 
foregoing transactions considered to be “specials.” According to the FRBNY, “specials” are repos for specific-issue 
collateral that take place at cash-lending rates below those for general collateral repos because cash providers are 
willing to accept a lesser return on their cash in order to obtain a particular security. 
The FRBNY reports that SOFR is calculated as a volume-weighted median of transaction-level tri-party 
repo data collected from The Bank of New York Mellon, which currently acts as the clearing bank for the tri-party 
repo market, as well as “General Collateral Finance Repo” transaction data and data on bilateral U.S. Treasury repo 
transactions cleared through the FICC’s delivery-versus-payment service. The FRBNY notes that it obtains 
information from DTCC Solutions LLC, an affiliate of DTCC. 
The FRBNY currently publishes SOFR on each of its business days on its website at 
https://apps.newyorkfed.org/markets/autorates/sofr. The FRBNY states on its publication page for SOFR that use of 
SOFR is subject to important disclaimers, limitations and indemnification obligations, including that the FRBNY (or 
a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision 
practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. 
Because SOFR is published by the FRBNY based upon data received from other sources, the Issuer has no 
control over its determination, calculation or publication. In addition, there can be no assurance that SOFR will not 
be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in SOFR-
linked securities. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, then such change might result in a reduction 
of the amount of interest payable on SOFR-linked securities, which might adversely affect the market price of an 
investment in such SOFR-linked securities. 
As noted above, the FRBNY started publishing SOFR in April 2018, and the SOFR Index began on 
2 March 2020, and, therefore, each has a very limited history. The FRBNY also publishes historical indicative

--- Page 63 ---
42 
SOFRs dating back to 2014, but the future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based upon historical 
performance. Such historical indicative data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. 
Investors should not rely upon such historical indicative data or upon any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an 
indicator of the future performance of SOFR. Since the initial publication of SOFR, changes in SOFR have, on 
occasion, been more volatile than changes in comparable benchmark or other market rates (including USD LIBOR) 
and SOFR over the term of any Series of SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes might bear little or no relation to the 
historical actual or historical indicative data. In addition, the return on and value of SOFR-linked securities might 
fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities that are linked to less volatile rates. Changes in the levels of SOFR 
will affect Compounded SOFR and the SOFR Index and, therefore, the return on any related SOFR-linked Notes 
and the trading price of such Notes but it is impossible to predict whether such levels will rise or fall. Furthermore, 
there can be no assurance that Compounded SOFR or SOFR will be positive. 
The calculation of interest might not accurately reflect an investor’s cost of funding. The interest payable 
on any Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as SOFR Index 
will be based upon Compounded SOFR, which is calculated using the SOFR Index published by the FRBNY 
according to the specific formula described under Condition 6.2(b)(v), not the SOFR rate published on or in respect 
of a particular date during any Interest Period or an arithmetic average of SOFR rates during such period. For this 
and other reasons, the interest rate on any such Notes during any Interest Period will not necessarily be the same as 
the interest rate on other SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest 
rate. Furthermore, if the SOFR rate in respect of a particular date during an Interest Period is negative, then its 
contribution to the SOFR Index will be less than one, resulting in a reduction to Compounded SOFR used to 
calculate the interest payable on the relevant Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. 
Under Condition 6.7(II), if a particular replacement rate cannot be determined for Floating Rate Notes 
linked to SOFR for which the applicable Final Terms specify Condition 6.7(II) as being applicable, then the next-
available replacement rate will apply. In addition, such Condition expressly authorises the Issuer to make certain 
adjustments to the replacement rate as are necessary to reflect the adoption of the replacement rate, substantially 
consistent with market practice, without the consent or approval of the Noteholders. The application of these 
adjustments might result in adverse consequences to the amount of interest payable on such Notes, which might 
adversely affect the return on, value of and/or market for an investment in such Notes. 
Furthermore, interest on SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes is only capable of being determined at the end 
of the relevant Interest Period and immediately or shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It might be 
difficult for investors in SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes to estimate reliably the amount of interest that will be 
payable on such securities, and some investors might be unable or unwilling to trade such securities without changes 
to their information technology systems, both of which might adversely impact the liquidity of such securities. This 
same lack of advanced notice of the amount of an interest payment would also apply upon an acceleration after an 
Event of Default. 
The SOFR Index Benchmark Replacement is uncertain and any replacement is likely to be a relatively new 
market index. If the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as SOFR Index and the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Event for SOFR and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred before 
the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the applicable Benchmark on any date, then the Issuer will 
determine a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with the benchmark transition provisions described in 
Condition 6.7(II). After such an event, interest on the relevant Notes will no longer be determined by reference to 
the applicable Benchmark but instead will be determined by reference to the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
The determination of a Benchmark Replacement, the calculation of the interest rate on the relevant Notes 
by reference to a Benchmark Replacement (including the application of a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment), 
any implementation of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and any other determinations, decisions or 
elections that may be made under the terms of such Notes in connection with a Benchmark Event for SOFR might 
adversely affect the return on, value of and/or market for an investment in such Notes. Any Benchmark Replacement 
will likely be a relatively new market index and might itself be thereafter altered or discontinued. 
The SOFR Index might be modified or discontinued and Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as SOFR Index might bear interest by reference to a rate other than

--- Page 64 ---
43 
Compounded SOFR, which might adversely affect the value of an investment in any such Notes. The SOFR Index is 
published by the FRBNY based upon data received by it from sources other than the Issuer and the Issuer has no 
control over the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of the SOFR 
Index. There can be no assurance, particularly given its relatively recent introduction, that the SOFR Index will not 
be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in any 
relevant Notes. 
If the manner in which the SOFR Index is calculated, including the manner in which SOFR is calculated, is 
changed, then that change might result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on any relevant Notes and/or 
the value of and/or market for an investment in such Notes. In addition, the FRBNY may withdraw, modify or 
amend the published SOFR Index or SOFR data in its sole discretion and without notice. The interest rate for any 
Interest Period will not be adjusted for any modifications or amendments to the SOFR Index or SOFR data that the 
FRBNY may publish after the interest rate for that Interest Period has been determined. 
SONIA – The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Notes specifies that the interest rate for such Notes will be 
determined by reference to the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), interest will be determined on the basis of 
Compounded Daily SONIA (as defined in Condition 6.2(b)(iii)) by the Calculation Agent or, if the Calculation Method is 
specified as being “Compounded Index Rate,” by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index. Compounded Daily SONIA 
differs from the Sterling London interbank offer rate (“Sterling LIBOR”) in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) that Compounded Daily SONIA is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas Sterling 
LIBOR has been expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and incorporating a credit risk-element based upon inter-
bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that Sterling LIBOR and SONIA might behave materially differently as 
interest reference rates for Notes. The use of SONIA as a reference rate for debt instruments is developing, and is subject to 
change, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the 
issuance and trading of debt securities referencing SONIA. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA should be aware that the 
market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative 
to Sterling LIBOR. For example, the SONIA Compounded Index has not been published until August 2020 and, accordingly, 
the Compounded Daily SONIA derived from the SONIA Compounded Index is not a rate commonly used in the market for 
calculating interest rates (including, pre-August 2020, floating rate notes that reference SONIA). In the context of backwards-
looking SONIA rates, market participants and relevant working groups (including ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, 
Refinitiv and FTSE Russell) have developed forward-looking “term” SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the 
market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term by reference, primarily, to SONIA Overnight 
Index Swap quotes provided in interdealer central limit order books and, where such data is unavailable, subject to a waterfall 
of alternative data). The adoption of SONIA has already seen component inputs into Sterling swap rates or other composite 
rates transferring from Sterling LIBOR or another reference rate to SONIA. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set 
out in Condition 6.2(b)(iii) as applicable to Notes referencing a SONIA rate. In addition, the Issuer may in the future issue 
Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA-
referenced Notes issued by it. The continuing development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for the 
capital markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, might result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or might otherwise affect the market price of any 
SONIA-referenced Notes from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes that reference Compounded Daily SONIA is only capable of being determined 
immediately or shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It might be difficult for investors in Notes that reference 
Compounded Daily SONIA to estimate reliably the amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes, and some investors 
might be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their information technology systems, both of which 
might adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, if Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA become due and 
payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 11, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an 
Interest Payment Date, then the Interest Rate payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be 
determined immediately or shortly prior to the date on which such Notes become due and payable.

--- Page 65 ---
44 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the eurobond market might differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets 
might impact any hedging or other financial arrangements that they might put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of investments in Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA. 
As SONIA and the SONIA Compounded Index are published by the Bank of England based upon data from other 
sources, the Issuer has no control over their determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that SONIA 
and the SONIA Compounded Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse 
to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA. If the manner in which SONIA and/or the SONIA 
Compounded Index is calculated is changed, then that change might result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on 
the relevant Notes and the trading prices of investments in such Notes. Furthermore, to the extent the SONIA Compounded 
Index is no longer published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined using the alternative methods described in Condition 6.2(b)(iii). Such alternative methods might result in interest 
payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on such 
Notes if SONIA and/or the SONIA Compounded Index had been provided by the Bank of England in its current form. In 
addition, the use of such alternative methods might also result in a fixed Interest Rate being applied to the relevant Notes. 
Since SONIA is a relatively new market index, Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA might have no established 
trading market when issued and an established trading market might never develop or might not be very liquid. Market terms 
for debt securities indexed to SONIA, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, might evolve 
over time and, as a result, the market price of an investment in SONIA-linked securities might be lower than those of later-
issued debt securities that are linked to SONIA. Similarly, if SONIA does not prove to be widely used in debt securities that 
are similar or comparable to the Notes, then the market price of an investment in SONIA-linked Floating Rate Notes might 
be lower than that of debt securities that are linked to rates that are more widely used. An investor in SONIA-linked Notes 
might not be able to sell their investment in such Notes at all or at a price that will provide such investor a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market and, thus, such investor might suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk with respect to its investment in such Notes. 
Accordingly, an investment in Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA entails significant risks not associated with 
similar investments in conventional debt securities. Any investor should ensure that it understands the nature of the terms of 
such Notes and the extent of its exposure to risk and that it considers the suitability of such Notes as an investment in the 
light of its own circumstances and financial condition. An investor should consult its own professional advisors about the 
risks associated with investment in Notes that reference SONIA and the suitability of investing in such Notes in light of its 
particular circumstances. 
TLREF – The use of TLREF as a benchmark is subject to various uncertainties 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Notes specifies that the interest rate for such Notes will be 
determined by reference to the Turkish Lira Overnight Reference Rate (“TLREF”), interest will be determined in respect of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period by reference to the BIST TLREF Index and the relevant published TLREF Index thereon 
on the relevant TLREF Interest Determination Date. TLREF differs from the Turkish Lira Interbank Offer Rate (“TRLIBOR”) 
in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that TLREF is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free 
overnight rate, whereas TRLIBOR has been expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and incorporating a credit risk-
element based upon inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that TRLIBOR and TLREF might behave 
materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes. The use of TLREF as a reference rate for debt instruments is 
developing, and is subject to change, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of 
market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of debt securities referencing TLREF. Accordingly, prospective investors in 
any Notes referencing TLREF should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to TLREF as a reference rate 
in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to TRLIBOR. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of TLREF that differs significantly from that set 
out in Condition 6.2(b)(ix) as applicable to Notes referencing TLREF. In addition, the Issuer may in the future issue Notes 
referencing TLREF that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous TRLIBOR-
referenced Notes issued by it. The continuing development of TLREF as an interest reference rate for the capital markets, as 
well as continued development of TLREF-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates,

--- Page 66 ---
45 
might result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or might otherwise affect the market price of any TLREF-referenced 
Notes from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes that reference TLREF is only capable of being determined immediately or shortly 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It might be difficult for investors in Notes that reference TLREF to estimate 
reliably the amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes, and some investors might be unable or unwilling to trade 
such Notes without changes to their information technology systems, both of which might adversely impact the liquidity of 
such Notes. Further, if Notes referencing TLREF become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under 
Condition 11, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, then the Interest Rate payable 
for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined immediately or shortly prior to the date on 
which such Notes become due and payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of TLREF in the eurobond market might differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of TLREF in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors 
should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of TLREF across these markets might impact any hedging 
or other financial arrangements that they might put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
investments in Notes referencing TLREF. 
As TLREF and the BIST TLREF Index are published by Borsa İstanbul, the Issuer has no control over their 
determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that TLREF and the BIST TLREF Index will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate 
Notes that reference TLREF. If the manner in which TLREF is calculated is changed, then that change might result in a 
reduction of the amount of interest payable on the relevant Notes and the trading prices of investments in such Notes. 
Furthermore, to the extent the BIST TLREF Index is no longer published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the 
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes will be determined using the alternative methods described in Condition 6.2(b)(ix). Such 
alternative methods might result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the 
payments that would have been made on such Notes if TLREF and/or the BIST TLREF Index had been provided by Borsa 
İstanbul in its current form. In addition, the use of such alternative methods might also result in a fixed Interest Rate being 
applied to the relevant Notes. 
Since the BIST TLREF Index is a relatively new market index, Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF might 
have no established trading market when issued and an established trading market might never develop or might not be very 
liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed to TLREF, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate 
provisions, might evolve over time and, as a result, the market price of an investment in TLREF-linked securities might be 
lower than those of later-issued debt securities that are linked to TLREF. Similarly, if TLREF does not prove to be widely 
used in debt securities that are similar or comparable to the Notes, then the market price of an investment in TLREF-linked 
Floating Rate Notes might be lower than that of debt securities that are linked to rates that are more widely used. An investor 
in TLREF-linked Notes might not be able to sell their investment in such Notes at all or at a price that will provide such 
investor a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market and, thus, such investor might 
suffer from increased from increased pricing volatility and market risk with respect to its investment in such Notes. 
Accordingly, an investment in Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF entails significant risks not associated with 
similar investments in conventional debt securities. Any investor should ensure that it understands the nature of the terms of 
such Notes and the extent of its exposure to risk and that it considers the suitability of such Notes as an investment in the 
light of its own circumstances and financial condition. An investor should consult its own professional advisors about the 
risks associated with investment in Notes that reference TLREF and the suitability of investing in such Notes in light of its 
particular circumstances. 
Sustainability Notes – The application of the net proceeds of Sustainability Notes as described in “Use of Proceeds” might 
not meet investor expectations or be (or remain) suitable for an investor’s investment criteria 
The Programme provides for the issuance of Sustainability Notes. The applicable Final Terms relating to any 
specific Tranche of Sustainability Notes will provide that the net proceeds (or an amount equal to the net proceeds) of such 
Notes will (or, as of the Issue Date, are intended to) (in accordance with the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework) be used 
to finance (including refinance) certain eligible Green Projects and/or Social Projects, for both of which the Issuer will 
exercise its judgment and sole discretion in determining the businesses and projects that satisfy the eligibility criteria in the

--- Page 67 ---
46 
Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework. The Issuer intends to engage a third-party auditor or other person to provide an 
annual assessment on the alignment of such allocation with the Sustainable Finance Framework’s criteria. A prospective 
investor in any Sustainability Notes should have regard to the information in “Use of Proceeds” and the applicable Final 
Terms regarding the use of the net proceeds (or an amount equal to the net proceeds) of such Sustainability Notes and must 
determine for itself the relevance of such information (together with any other investigation that such investor deems 
necessary, including a review of the then-applicable Sustainable Finance Framework) for the purpose of such investor’s 
investment in such Sustainability Notes. In addition, the Sustainable Finance Framework can be amended by the Issuer from 
time to time. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, any Arranger, any Dealer or any Agent that the use of such 
amount for any Sustainability Project(s) will satisfy, whether in whole or part, any present or future expectations of such 
investor or any of such investor’s requirements with respect to any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
and/or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the proceeds of any loans to an entity 
described in clause (a) of the definition of Green Projects or Social Projects can be used by such entity for its general 
corporate purposes. 
In addition, it should be noted that there is no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor any market 
consensus as to what constitutes, a “green,” “social,” “sustainability” or similarly labelled project or as to what attributes are 
required for a particular project to be so considered, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus 
will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly change; however, the EU’s regulation on 
the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”), which is subject to a phased 
implementation, provides some definition for such topics within the EU. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given 
(whether by the Issuer, an Arranger, a Dealer, the Agents or any other person) to any investor in a Sustainability Note that: 
(a) any project or uses the subject of, or related to, any Sustainability Projects will meet all or any of such investor’s 
expectations regarding any “green,” “social,” “sustainability” or similarly labelled performance objectives or investment 
criteria or guidelines with which an investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or standards (including the EU Taxonomy) or any standards resulting from the proposal for a European green 
bond standard adopted by the European Commission on 6 July 2021, (b) any adverse environmental, social and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Sustainability 
Projects or (c) the Sustainable Finance Framework will be aligned with the EU Taxonomy or any other sustainability 
framework. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any report, 
assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) that might or might not be made 
available in connection with the issuance of any Sustainability Notes, including (in particular) to the extent addressing 
whether any Sustainability Project fulfils any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria. Any such report, 
assessment, opinion or certification does not, nor shall be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor is incorporated into, this Base 
Prospectus. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by 
the Issuer, any Arranger, any Dealer, any Agent or any other person to invest in any Sustainability Notes. Any such report, 
assessment, opinion or certification is only current as of the date it was issued. Prospective investors in Sustainability Notes 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification, the information 
contained therein and/or the provider of such report, assessment, opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in 
Sustainability Notes. The providers of such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications might not be subject to any 
specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. 
In the event that any Sustainability Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green,” 
“environmental,” “social,” “sustainability” or other similarly labelled securities exchange or market (or segment thereof), 
whether or not regulated, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, any Arranger, any Dealer, any Agent or any 
other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law (including with the EU Taxonomy or any standards resulting from 
the proposal for a European green bond standard adopted by the European Commission on 6 July 2021 or by its own bylaws 
or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates). In addition, the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading might vary from one securities exchange or market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the 
Issuer, any Arranger, any Dealer, any Agent or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained 
in respect of any Sustainability Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during 
the life of the applicable Sustainability Notes.

--- Page 68 ---
47 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds (or an amount equal to the net proceeds) of any 
Sustainability Notes and obtain and publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially 
in, the manner described in “Use of Proceeds,” there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to do so. In addition, 
there can be no assurance that any Sustainability Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
respect to the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment, social goals, sustainability goals or similar) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event, the net proceeds (or an amount equal to the net proceeds) of any issue of Sustainability Notes not 
being applied for any Sustainability Project or the Issuer’s not obtaining and/or publishing any such reports, assessments, 
opinions and certifications will neither constitute an “Event of Default” under the relevant Sustainability Notes nor give rise 
to any other claim of an investor in such Sustainability Notes against the Issuer and have no connection to the terms of the 
Sustainability Notes, including any impact on pricing or redemption. The withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or 
certification as described above, or any such report, assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is reporting, 
assessing, opining or certifying on, and/or any such Sustainability Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any 
securities exchange or market, as aforesaid, might have a material adverse effect on the value of an investment in such 
Sustainability Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities 
to be used for a particular purpose. 
Risks Relating to Notes Denominated in Renminbi 
Notes may be denominated in Renminbi (“Renminbi Notes”). An investment in Renminbi Notes involves particular 
risks, including: 
Renminbi Convertibility – Renminbi is not completely freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the 
remittance of Renminbi into and outside the PRC, which might affect the liquidity of investments in Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The government of the PRC 
(the “PRC Government”) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies despite significant 
reduction in the control by the PRC Government in recent years, particularly over trade transactions involving the import and 
export of goods and services and other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as 
current account items. Remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items, such as 
capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals 
from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a 
strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital 
account items are (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) being developed. 
Although Renminbi was, as of 1 October 2016, added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the 
International Monetary Fund and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in 
foreign currencies were implemented by the People’s Bank of China (the “PBoC”), there is no assurance that the PRC 
Government will continue to liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future or that new regulations 
in the PRC will not be promulgated that have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or 
outside the PRC. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this might affect the overall 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under 
Renminbi Notes. 
Renminbi Availability – There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which might affect the liquidity of 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, licensed banks in Singapore and 
Hong Kong may offer limited Renminbi-denominated banking services to Singapore residents, Hong Kong residents and 
specified business customers. While the PBoC has entered into agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business (the 
“Settlement Agreements”) with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (the “RMB Clearing Banks”) 
and these RMB Clearing Banks have been authorised to engage in the settlement of Renminbi-denominated trade 
transactions, the size of Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited.

--- Page 69 ---
48 
There are restrictions imposed by the PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-border 
Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. In addition, Renminbi business 
participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBoC. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has 
access to onshore liquidity support from the PBoC for the purpose of settling open positions of participating banks for limited 
types of transactions, including open positions resulting from conversion services for corporations relating to cross-border 
trade transactions. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank is not obliged to settle for participating banks any open positions 
resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. Where onshore liquidity support from the PBoC is 
not available, the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to settle such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is 
subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws on foreign exchange. There is no assurance that new PRC regulations will 
not be promulgated or the Settlement Agreements will not be terminated or amended so as to have the effect of restricting the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC might affect the liquidity of 
investments in the Renminbi Notes. To the extent that the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service 
the Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Although the Issuer’s primary obligation is to make all payments with respect to Renminbi Notes in Renminbi, 
where “RMB Currency Event” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event access to Renminbi 
becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of RMB Inconvertibility, RMB Non-Transferability or RMB Illiquidity (each 
as defined in Condition 7.11), the Issuer is unable to make any payment in respect of the Renminbi Note in Renminbi, the 
terms of such Renminbi Notes will permit the Issuer to make payment in U.S. dollars converted at the Spot Rate, all as 
provided in Condition 7.11. The value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar terms might vary with the prevailing 
exchange rates in the market. 
Renminbi Exchange Rate Risks – An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is 
affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. On 
11 December 2015, the China Foreign Exchange Trade System (the “CFETS”), a sub-institutional organisation of the PBoC, 
published the CFETS Renminbi exchange rate index for the first time, which index weighs the Renminbi based upon 13 
currencies, to guide the market in order to measure the Renminbi exchange rate. This change, and others that might be 
implemented, might increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against other currencies. All payments of interest and 
principal with respect to Renminbi Notes will be made in Renminbi unless “RMB Currency Event” is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and a RMB Currency Event occurs, in which case payment will be made in U.S. 
dollars converted at the Spot Rate. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollars or other foreign 
currency terms might vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of the Renminbi depreciates 
against the U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currencies, then the value of any investment in Renminbi Notes in terms of 
the U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency will decline. 
Renminbi Interest Rate Risk – An investment in fixed rate Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further liberalisation 
might increase interest rate volatility. If a Series of Renminbi Notes carries a fixed interest rate, then the trading price of an 
investment in such Renminbi Notes will vary with fluctuations in Renminbi interest rates. If an investor in Renminbi Notes 
tries to sell such investment, then they might receive an offer that is less than the amount invested. 
Renminbi Payment Mechanics – Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes will be made to investors in the manner specified in 
the Conditions 
Investors might be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account information) 
in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in Hong Kong or such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
All Renminbi payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely: (a) for so long as the Renminbi 
Notes are represented by Global Notes held with a common depositary (a “Common Depositary”) or common safekeeper (a 
“Common Safekeeper”), as the case may be, for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg” and, with Euroclear and DTC, the “Clearing Systems”) or any alternative clearing system, by

--- Page 70 ---
49 
transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or any such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance 
with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures or the rules and procedures of such 
alternative clearing system, or (b) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank 
account maintained in Hong Kong or such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing rules and 
regulations. Other than as described in Condition 7.11, the Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other means 
(including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
PRC Tax Consequences – There might be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the Renminbi Notes 
In considering whether to invest in the Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax advisors with 
regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situation, as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws 
of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the Noteholder’s investment in the Renminbi Notes might be materially and 
adversely affected if the Noteholder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and 
receiving payments under those Renminbi Notes. 
Risks Relating to Investments in the Notes Generally 
In addition to the structure-specific risks noted above, investors in the Notes will be subject to additional risks 
relating to investing in the Notes. Such risks that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on 
investors in the Notes are set out in this sub-category; it being understood that the following does not address any specific 
conditions of, or circumstances relating to, any particular investor (including such investor’s own tax, regulatory or other 
circumstances) but rather to investors generally speaking. 
No Secondary Market – An active secondary market in respect of the Notes might never be established or might be illiquid 
and this might adversely affect the price at which an investor could sell its investment in the Notes 
The Notes generally will have no established trading market when issued and (even for any Notes that are admitted 
to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market) one might never develop or, if developed, it might not be 
sustained. If a market does develop, then it might not be very liquid and investments in the Notes might trade at a discount to 
their initial offering price depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic 
conditions and the Bank’s financial condition. Therefore, investors might not be able to sell their investments in the Notes 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities. If an active trading market for investments in the Notes is not developed or 
maintained, then the market or trading price and liquidity of investments in the Notes might be adversely affected. 
Market Price Volatility – The market price of an investment in the Notes might be subject to a significant degree of volatility 
The market price of an investment in the Notes might be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or 
anticipated variations in market interest rates, the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s operating results, adverse business 
developments, changes to the regulatory environment in which the Group operates, changes in financial estimates by 
securities analysts and/or the actual or expected sale by the Group of other debt securities, as well as other factors, including 
the trading market for debt issued by Turkish governmental entities. In addition, in recent years the global financial markets 
have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that, if repeated in the future, might adversely affect the market 
price of an investment in the Notes without regard to the Issuer’s financial condition or results of operations. For example: (a) 
investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the interest rate 
paid on such Fixed Rate Notes, then this will adversely affect the market price of an investment in such Fixed Rate Notes, 
and (b) investment in any Notes involves the risk of adverse changes in the market price of an investment in such Notes if the 
interest rate or (for Floating Rate Notes) margin of new similar debt instruments of the Issuer would be higher.

--- Page 71 ---
50 
Consent for Modifications – The Conditions contain provisions that permit their modification without the consent of all of the 
investors in the applicable Series 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally and for Extraordinary Resolutions to be passed in writing or by way of electronic consents. These provisions permit 
investors in the Notes in a Series holding defined percentages of the Notes of such Series to bind all investors in the Notes of 
such Series, including investors that did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting (or did not sign such a written resolution 
or provide such electronic consent, as applicable) and investors that voted in a manner contrary to the decision of the deciding 
group. These matters might include (inter alia) even: (a) modifying the Maturity Date of the applicable Series or any date for 
the payment of interest thereon, (b) reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the amount of interest payable in 
respect of the applicable Series, (c) altering the currency of payment of the applicable Series or (d) approving any scheme or 
proposal for the exchange or substitution of Notes for, or the conversion of Notes into, or the cancellation of Notes in 
consideration of, shares, bonds and/or other securities of the Issuer or any other company formed or to be formed. As a result, 
binding decisions might be taken by the holders of such defined percentages of the Notes of a Series that are contrary to the 
preferences of any particular investor in such Series. 
In addition, the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders is not required in the case of 
amendments to the Conditions pursuant to the benchmark discontinuation provisions described above under “-Benchmarks 
Uncertainty” to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate(s) or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any 
Interest Amount in respect of the Notes or for any other variation of the Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required to 
be made in the circumstances described in the benchmark discontinuation provisions.  
Further Issues – The Issuer may issue further Notes of any Series, which would dilute the existing Noteholders’ share of the 
Notes of such Series 
As permitted by the Conditions, the Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders of a 
Series, create and issue further Notes of such Series; provided that (among other conditions) such further Notes will be 
fungible with the outstanding Notes of such Series for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of their issuance being a 
“qualified reopening” under U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.1275-2(k) unless the original Notes were, and such further Notes 
are, offered and sold by (or on behalf of) the Issuer solely in reliance upon Regulation S in offshore transactions to Persons 
other than U.S. persons. To the extent that the Issuer issues further Notes of a Series, the share of an existing Noteholder of 
such Series (e.g., in respect of any meeting of holders of the Notes of that Series (see “-Consent for Modifications”)) will be 
diluted. 
Transfer Restrictions – Transfers of investments in the Notes will be subject to certain restrictions and investments in Global 
Notes can only be held through a Clearing System 
Although the CMB has granted the CMB Approval authorising the issuance of a maximum principal amount of 
Notes (and other securities) pursuant to Decree 32, the Capital Markets Law, the Debt Instruments Communiqué and other 
related laws as debt securities to be offered outside of Türkiye, the Notes have not been and are not expected to be registered: 
(a) under the Securities Act or any applicable state’s or other jurisdiction’s securities laws or (b) other than by the Central 
Bank of Ireland as described herein, with the SEC or any other applicable state’s or other jurisdiction’s regulatory authorities. 
The offering of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) will be made pursuant to exemptions from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with other securities laws. Accordingly, reoffers, resales, pledges and 
other transfers of investments in the Notes will be subject to certain transfer restrictions. Each investor is advised to consult 
its legal advisors in connection with any such reoffer, resale, pledge or other transfer. See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
Because transfers of interests in the Global Notes can be effected only through book entries at the applicable 
Clearing System(s) for the accounts of their respective direct participants, the liquidity of any secondary market for 
investments in the Global Notes might be reduced to the extent that some investors are unwilling or unable to invest in Notes 
held in book-entry form in the name of a direct participant in the applicable Clearing System. The ability to pledge interests 
in the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) might be limited due to the lack of a physical certificate. In the event of the 
insolvency of a Clearing System or any of their respective participants in whose name interests in the Notes are recorded (or 
any indirect participants), the ability of beneficial owners to obtain timely or ultimate payment of principal and interest on the 
Notes might be impaired.

--- Page 72 ---
51 
Enforcement of Judgments – It might not be possible for investors to enforce foreign judgments against the Bank or its 
management 
The Bank is a joint stock company organised under the laws of Türkiye (specifically, under the Banking Law). 
Certain of the directors and officers of the Bank reside inside Türkiye and all or a substantial portion of the assets of such 
persons might be, and substantially all of the assets of the Bank are, located in Türkiye. As a result, it might not be possible 
for investors in the Notes to effect service of process upon such persons outside Türkiye or to enforce against them in the 
courts of jurisdictions other than Türkiye any judgments obtained in such courts that are predicated upon the laws of such 
other jurisdictions. 
In addition, under Türkiye’s International Private and Procedure Law (Law No. 5718), a judgment of a court 
established in a country other than Türkiye might not be enforced in Turkish courts in certain circumstances. There is no 
treaty between the UK and Türkiye providing for reciprocal enforcement of judgments; however, Turkish courts have 
rendered at least one judgment confirming de facto reciprocity between the UK and Türkiye with respect to the enforcement 
of judgments of their respective courts. Nevertheless, since de facto reciprocity is decided by the relevant court on a case-by-
case basis, there is uncertainty as to the enforceability of court judgments obtained in the UK by Turkish courts. The same 
might apply for judgments obtained in other jurisdictions. For further information, see “Enforcement of Judgments and 
Service of Process.” 
Change in Law – The value or market price of an investment in the Notes might be adversely affected by a change in the laws 
of England or Türkiye or in administrative practice in those jurisdictions 
The Conditions are based upon the laws of England and Türkiye and administrative practice in effect as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, and having regard to the expected tax treatment of all relevant entities under such laws and practice. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws of England or Türkiye (or 
the laws of any other jurisdiction) (including any change in regulation that might occur without a change in the primary 
legislation) or administrative practice in England or Türkiye after the date of this Base Prospectus, nor can any assurance be 
given as to whether any such change might materially adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the 
Notes or the value or market price of an investment in the Notes. 
Definitive Notes might need to be Issued – Investors who hold interests in Global Notes in denominations that are not a 
Specified Denomination might be adversely affected if Definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Global Notes or Registered Global Notes (each a “Global Note”) and having 
denominations consisting of a minimum specified denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller 
amount (the “Specified Denomination”), it is possible that interests in such Global Notes might be traded in amounts in 
excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In 
such a case, an investor who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount that is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in an account with the relevant Clearing System at the relevant time: (a) would not be able to sell the 
remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination and (b) may not receive a Definitive Note in 
respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes replace the applicable Global Note) and would need to purchase or sell a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a 
Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, then the holders thereof should be aware that Definitive Notes that have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination might be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Reliance upon Clearing Systems – Investors in Global Notes will be subject to the rules of the applicable Clearing System 
and their ability to exercise rights relating to the Notes directly might be limited 
Unless issued in definitive form, the Notes will be represented on issue by one or more Global Note(s) that will be: 
(a) deposited with and (if issued in registered form) registered in the name of a nominee for a Common Depositary or a 
Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) deposited with and registered in 
the name of a nominee for DTC. Except in the circumstances described in the applicable Global Note and Final Terms,

--- Page 73 ---
52 
investors in a Global Note will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of the Clearing Systems and their 
respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. 
While Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests therein only through 
the relevant Clearing Systems and their respective direct and indirect participants. 
Except in certain circumstances described in Condition 7.9 with respect to non-U.S. dollar payments for Global 
Notes for which DTC is the Clearing System, for so long as the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will 
discharge its payment obligations thereunder by making payments through the relevant Clearing System(s). A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely upon the procedures of the relevant Clearing System and its participants to 
receive payments in respect of their interests in such Global Note. The Issuer will have no responsibility or liability for the 
records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will be subject to the applicable procedures of the applicable 
Clearing System, its participants and any other intermediary and will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant Clearing 
System(s) and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies or to act directly. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests: (a) in 
a Global Note might have to prove their interests in order to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a 
default under the relevant Notes and (b) in a Global Note for which DTC is the clearing system will be subject to the 
applicable procedures of DTC and might not have a direct right to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a 
default under the relevant Note. 
Sanction Targets – Investors in the Notes might have indirect contact with Sanction Targets as a result of the Group’s 
investments in and business with countries or persons or sanctions lists 
The Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury (“OFAC”) administers regulations that 
restrict the ability of U.S. persons to invest in, or otherwise engage in business with, certain countries, including Russia, 
Belarus, Iran and Syria, and specially designated nationals (“SDNs”), and other United States, UK, EU and United Nations 
rules impose similar restrictions (the SDNs and other targets of these restrictions being together the “Sanction Targets”). As 
the Bank is not a Sanction Target, these rules do not prohibit U.S. or European investors from investing in, or otherwise 
engaging in business with, the Bank; however, while the Group does not directly or indirectly invest in, or otherwise engage 
in business with, Sanction Targets in violation of Sanctions (and the Bank’s policies restrict the Bank from engaging in any 
prohibited business investments and transactions with Sanction Targets in violation of Sanctions, including with respect to 
the proceeds of the Notes), to the extent that the Group invests in, or otherwise engages in business with, Persons that 
thereafter become Sanction Targets, investors in the Notes might incur the risk of indirect contact with Sanction Targets. See 
“The Group and its Business – Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-Bribery Policies” 
and “The Group and its Business – Compliance with Sanctions Laws.” 
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls – If an investor has investments in Notes that are not denominated in the 
investor’s home currency, then such investor will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of 
such investor’s holding; in addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes might result in an investor 
not receiving payments on those Notes 
Except as described otherwise herein, the Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified 
Currency, which presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates might significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that the Turkish government and/or authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency might impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: (a) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (b) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the interest and principal payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent market price of an investment in the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities might impose exchange controls that might adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate and/or the ability to convert and/or transfer currency. If this occurs, particularly if it directly affects the Bank’s 
payments on the Notes, then an investor in the Notes might receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal, and/or might receive payment in a currency other than the applicable Specified Currency. An investor might also

--- Page 74 ---
53 
not be able to convert (at a reasonable exchange rate or at all) amounts received in the applicable Specified Currency into the 
Investor’s Currency, which might materially adversely affect the market price of an investment in the Notes. There might 
also be tax consequences for investors of any such currency changes. 
Credit Ratings – Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes might not reflect all risks associated with an investment in 
those Notes and might be lowered, suspended or withdrawn 
The expected initial credit rating(s) (if any) of a Tranche of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms for such 
Tranche. Any relevant rating agency may lower, suspend or withdraw its rating if, in its sole judgment, the credit quality of 
the applicable Notes has declined or is in question. If any credit rating assigned to a Series is lowered, suspended or 
withdrawn, then the market price of an investment in the applicable Notes might decline. Neither any rating agency nor the 
Issuer has any obligation to maintain any such rating(s) during the life of any Series, including from any particular Rating 
Agency. 
In addition to the ratings of the Programme and/or a Series of Notes provided by the Rating Agencies, and the 
ratings of the Issuer by the Rating Agencies and JCR Eurasia, one or more other independent credit rating agency(ies) might 
assign credit ratings to the Programme, a Series of Notes and/or the Issuer, which additional credit ratings of other 
independent credit rating agency(ies) might be lower than the current rating(s) of such Notes and/or the Issuer. Also, if any 
credit rating assigned to Türkiye is lowered or put on negative watch, then such change might have a negative impact on the 
Issuer’s credit rating. In addition, the ratings might not reflect the potential impact of all risks relating to the structure, 
market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that might affect the value or market price of an investment in 
the Notes. 
In general, regulated investors in the EU are restricted under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the 
“EU CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn 
or suspended). Similarly, in general, UK-regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended). Such general restrictions also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by non-EU or non-UK credit rating agencies, as the case may be, unless the relevant credit 
ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered or UK-registered credit rating agency, respectively, or the relevant non-EU or non-
UK rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, respectively (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). If the status of a rating agency 
rating the Notes changes, then regulated investors in the EU and/or UK might no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes and the Notes might have a different regulatory treatment, which might result in such investors selling 
their investment in the Notes, which might impact the value of the Notes and/or any secondary market in the Notes. The list 
of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA or the FCA, as the case may be, on its website in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation or UK CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
being included in such list as there might be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant 
rating agency and publication of an updated ESMA or FCA list. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and might be revised, suspended or withdrawn 
by the applicable rating agency at any time. Similar ratings on different types of securities do not necessarily mean the same 
thing. Ratings on any Notes also do not address the marketability of investments in such Notes or any market price. Any 
change in the credit rating(s) of any Notes or the Issuer might adversely affect the price that a subsequent purchaser will be 
willing to pay for investments in such Notes. The significance of each rating should be analysed independently from any 
other rating.

--- Page 75 ---
54 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Bank will incur various expenses in connection with the issuance of each Tranche of the Notes, including (as 
applicable) underwriting fees, legal counsel fees, rating agency expenses and listing expenses. The net proceeds of each issue 
of Notes (the estimated amount of which net proceeds will, for each Series listed on a regulated market in the EEA, be set out 
in the applicable Final Terms) will be applied by the Bank for its general corporate purposes; however, for any particular 
Series, the Bank may agree (and so specify in the Final Terms for the Tranche(s) of such Series) with the relevant Dealer(s) 
or investor(s) that the proceeds of the issuance of the applicable Notes shall be used for one or more specific purpose(s), such 
as environmental development or sustainability. The use of proceeds, if any, provided in the Final Terms for each Tranche in 
a Series with more than one Tranche shall be the same. 
In addition, where the “Reasons for the Offer and Estimated Net Proceeds” in Part B of the applicable Final Terms 
are stated to be for “green,” “social” or “sustainability” purposes as described in this “Use of Proceeds” section (“Green 
Bonds,” “Social Bonds” and “Sustainability Bonds,” respectively, and together the “Sustainablility Notes”), the net proceeds 
(or an amount equal to the net proceeds) of each issue of Sustainability Notes will (or, as of the applicable Issue Date, will be 
intended to) be used as so described. For each Series of Sustainability Notes, such amount is expected to be separately 
identified and applied by the Issuer in financing (including refinancing), individually or on a portfolio basis, Green Projects 
and/or Social Projects (each as defined below and further described in the “Sustainable Finance Framework” published on the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(as 
of 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus, 
https://www.vakifbank.com.tr/sustainable-
finance.aspx?pageID=3907) (as amended, supplemented or otherwise updated from time to time, the “Sustainable Finance 
Framework”)) (together, the “Sustainability Projects”), including the financing of new Sustainability Projects and the 
refinancing of existing and/or ongoing Sustainability Projects. Please note that this has no connection to the terms of any 
Sustainability Notes, including any impact on the pricing or redemption of such Sustainability Notes. References in the 
Sustainable Finance Framework to “proceeds” or “net proceeds” of bonds issued thereunder shall be understood to include 
also a reference to an amount equal to the net proceeds of such bonds. 
In the case of Green Bonds, such financing (including refinancing) shall be of Green Projects; in the case of Social 
Bonds, such financing (including refinancing) shall be of Social Projects; and in the case of Sustainability Bonds, such 
financing (including refinancing) shall be of Green Projects and/or Social Projects; however, the proceeds of any 
Sustainability Notes will not be used to finance businesses and projects covered by the Issuer’s “Overall Exclusions List” as 
detailed in the Sustainable Finance Framework (which includes, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, businesses and 
projects involved in the following operations: payday loans, adult entertainment, manufacture and production of alcoholic 
beverages, lethal defence goods, gambling, military contracting, nuclear power generation, manufacture and production of 
tobacco products, child labour or forced labour and any activity or technology associated with the extraction, production, 
refining, transmission and distribution of fossil fuels). 
Pending the application of an amount equal to the net proceeds of Sustainability Notes in financing the relevant 
Sustainability Project(s), such amount is (as indicated in the Sustainable Finance Framework) intended to be held by the 
Issuer at its own discretion in cash and/or invested in short-term liquid investments. If a business or project to which the net 
proceeds of any Sustainability Notes are allocated ceases to fulfil the applicable eligibility criteria, then the Issuer will 
remove the same from the portfolio upon becoming aware of such ineligibility and endeavour to replace it with an eligible 
Green Project or Social Project, as the case may be, as soon as reasonably practicable. 
As outlined in the Sustainable Finance Framework as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, a report will be 
published in English by the Issuer with respect to each Series of Sustainability Notes: (a) within 12 months following the 
Issue Date of each Tranche of such Series and (b) if the net proceeds (or an amount equal to the net proceeds) of such Series 
have not been allocated by the time of such first report, for each following 12 month period until the full initial allocation of 
such amount (with a final such report being published after such initial allocation has been completed). As noted in the 
Sustainable Finance Framework, such reports will provide information on the allocation of the net proceeds (or an amount 
equal to the net proceeds) of the applicable Series, including the portion thereof allocated to Green Projects and/or Social 
Projects (as applicable), examples of projects being financed from such amount and the portion of such amount used for new 
financings versus refinancings. The Issuer intends to engage a third-party auditor or other person to provide an annual 
assessment on the alignment of the allocation of such amount with the Sustainable Finance Framework’s criteria. Additional 
reports might be published from time to time in case of material developments.

--- Page 76 ---
55 
“Green Project” means either: (a) a corporation or other entity of which 90% or more of its revenues (as determined 
to the Issuer’s satisfaction) are derived from activities in the list of “eligible green use of proceeds categories” in the 
Sustainable Finance Framework at the applicable time (as such list is developed from time to time in accordance with the 
ICMA Green Bond Principles and ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines) or (b) a project falling within such categories. As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, such categories include: (i) renewable energy, (ii) pollution prevention and control and 
(iii) green buildings. 
“ICMA Green Bond Principles” means, at any time, the Green Bond Principles published by the International 
Capital Markets Association at such time, which as of the date of this Base Prospectus, are the Green Bond Principles of June 
2021 
(https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Sustainable-finance/2021-updates/Green-Bond-Principles-June-2021-
140621.pdf). 
“ICMA Social Bond Principles” means, at any time, the Social Bond Principles published by the International 
Capital Markets Association at such time, which as of the date of this Base Prospectus, are the Social Bond Principles of June 
2021 
(https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Sustainable-finance/2021-updates/Social-Bond-Principles-June-2021-
140621.pdf). 
“ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines” means, at any time, the Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the 
International Capital Markets Association at such time, which as of the date of this Base Prospectus, are the Sustainability 
Bond 
Guidelines 
of 
June 
2021 
(https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Sustainable-finance/2021-
updates/Sustainability-Bond-Guidelines-June-2021-140621.pdf). 
“Social Project” means either: (a) a corporation or other entity of which 90% or more of its revenues (as determined 
to the Issuer’s satisfaction) are derived from activities in the list of “eligible social use of proceeds categories” in the 
Sustainable Finance Framework at the applicable time (as such list is developed from time to time in accordance with the 
ICMA Social Bond Principles and ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines) or (b) a project falling within such categories. As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, such categories include: (i) employment generation, including through the potential effect 
of SME financing and microfinance, and (ii) affordable housing. 
Neither the Sustainable Finance Framework nor any of the reports, verification assessments, opinions or contents of 
any of the websites referenced in this “Use of Proceeds” section are, or shall be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are 
incorporated into, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 77 ---
56 
SUMMARY FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Unless otherwise indicated, the following summary financial and other information have been extracted (except as 
noted in the “Key Ratios and Other Information” table) from the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by 
reference herein without material adjustment. The information in this section should be read in conjunction with the 
information contained in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the 
relevant BRSA Financial Statements (including the notes therein) incorporated by reference herein. 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Income Statement Data: 
(TL thousands)
Net interest income............................................................
20,394,562
20,325,425
75,749,130
Net fee and commission income........................................
2,984,080
4,255,818
10,189,800
Other operating income(1) ..................................................
4,870,969 
4,345,092 
16,705,548 
Gross profit from operating activities........................  
28,249,611 
28,926,335 
102,644,478 
Expected credit loss(2)........................................................
(11,905,590)
(12,667,748)
(44,504,744)
Other operating expenses(3)................................................
(8,421,429) 
(9,729,418) 
(18,371,682) 
Total operating expenses.............................................  
(20,327,019) 
(22,397,166) 
(62,876,426) 
Profit/loss from equity method applied subsidiaries ......
62,032 
93,677 
342,159 
Profit/loss before taxes from continuing operations .  
7,984,624 
6,622,846 
40,110,211 
Taxation charge .................................................................
(1,577,244) 
(1,287,150) 
(13,643,596) 
Net profit for the period..............................................  
6,407,380 
5,335,696 
26,466,615 
Attributable to equity holders of the Bank.....................
6,337,453
5,165,856
25,811,449
Attributable to minority interests...................................
69,927
169,840
655,166
 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
For a particular period, this is the sum of: (a) dividend income, (b) trading income/losses (net) and (c) other operating income, in each case, for 
such period. 
(2) 
Expected credit loss includes other provision expenses. 
(3) 
Other operating expenses includes personnel cost.

--- Page 78 ---
57 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Balance Sheet Data: 
(TL thousands)
Cash and cash equivalents...............................................................
93,207,242
144,172,545
268,975,314
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss .........
7,458,281
16,591,824
17,366,883
Banks...............................................................................................
3,092,180
21,625,296
28,760,678
Receivables from interbank money markets....................................
206,589
6,917,899
12,096,010
Fair value through other comprehensive income.............................
83,927,925
138,953,677
203,683,479
Loans...............................................................................................
418,699,934
570,096,935
899,749,496
Factoring receivables.......................................................................
5,751,740
7,073,817
22,663,661
Financial assets measured at amortised cost....................................
58,747,252
73,861,983
158,592,852
Investments in associates (net)........................................................
1,495,977
2,306,548
4,139,588
Investments in subsidiaries (net) .....................................................
387,851
519,289
889,038
Lease receivables.............................................................................
3,271,010
4,981,331
8,423,977
Tangible assets (net)........................................................................
4,896,410
4,141,051
11,683,247
Intangible assets (net)......................................................................
274,124
299,405
469,876
Investment property (net)................................................................
502,143
972,154
1,307,194
Tax assets ........................................................................................
1,234,832
72,767
3,061,414
Non-current assets or disposal groups “held for sale” and “from 
discontinued operations” (net) .........................................................
1,256,254
755,253
410,978
Other assets(1) .................................................................................. 
27,680,773 
35,559,324 
64,758,172 
Total assets ............................................................................. 
712,090,517 
1,028,901,098 
1,707,031,857 
Deposits...........................................................................................
417,521,882
595,809,978
1,132,097,743
Derivative financial liabilities .........................................................
6,083,301
5,490,278
4,719,597
Loans received ................................................................................
51,688,995
98,436,671
139,368,819
Money market funds........................................................................
101,312,205
148,717,362
139,073,989
Marketable securities (net)..............................................................
46,154,523
62,537,627
71,078,119
Funds...............................................................................................
3,053
3,005
3,005
Factoring payables...........................................................................
672
7,309
5,468
Provisions........................................................................................
3,050,397
3,955,116
23,376,344
Tax liabilities...................................................................................
1,012,433
1,115,086
5,466,801
Subordinated loans..........................................................................
19,458,798
28,968,427
24,043,286
Other liabilities ................................................................................ 
18,652,171 
29,660,211 
61,273,158 
Total liabilities ........................................................................ 
664,938,430 
974,701,070 
1,600,506,329 
Paid-in capital..................................................................................
3,905,622
3,905,622
7,111,364
Share premium ................................................................................
6,303,347
6,303,367
16,469,500
Other capital reserves......................................................................
(37,820)
(110,744)
(63,177)
Other accumulated comprehensive income.....................................
2,983,492
4,521,258
17,469,702
Legal reserves..................................................................................
2,829,063
3,536,959
3,999,937
Status reserves.................................................................................
6,337
6,337
6,337
Extraordinary reserves.....................................................................
22,063,017
26,926,008
31,904,601
Other profit reserves........................................................................
1,806,533
2,698,984
1,569,834
Profit or loss....................................................................................
6,545,561
5,197,169
26,250,691
Non-controlling interest ..................................................................
746,935
1,215,068
1,806,739
Total equity............................................................................. 
47,152,087 
54,200,028 
106,525,528 
Total liabilities and equity..................................................... 
712,090,517 
1,028,901,098 
1,707,031,857 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
Includes derivative financial assets.

--- Page 79 ---
58 
The following table includes certain of the Group’s key ratios as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2021 
and 2022 and certain other information. 
Key Ratios and Other Information:
As of (or for the year ended) 
31 December 
Profitability Ratios: 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets ................................................
4.30%
2.84%
6.82%
Operating expenses (excluding foreign exchange losses) as a percentage of average total assets ........
1.47%
1.12%
1.34%
Cost-to-income ratio.............................................................................................................................
29.81%
33.64%
17.90%
Return on average total assets...............................................................................................................
1.12%
0.61%
1.93%
Return on average shareholders’ equity excluding minority interest....................................................
16.03%
10.40%
32.73%
Balance Sheet Ratios: 
Deposits to total assets (total deposits including bank deposits)...........................................................
58.6%
57.9%
66.3%
Cash loans (net of provisions) to total assets ........................................................................................
60.7%
57.3%
55.8%
Total loans (net of provisions) to total assets........................................................................................
75.0%
76.1%
72.2%
Credit Quality: 
NPLs to total gross cash loans ..............................................................................................................
4.0%
3.1%
2.1%
Stage 3 expected credit loss to NPLs....................................................................................................
76.5%
76.4%
81.4%
Provision for loan losses to total cash loans..........................................................................................
3.2%
2.5%
1.8%
Capital Adequacy: 
Common equity tier 1 regulatory capital as a percentage of total risk-weighted assets ........................
14.10%
12.79%
12.73%
Total regulatory capital as a percentage of total risk-weighted assets...................................................
16.05%
14.72%
14.34%
Average shareholders’ equity excluding minority interest as a percentage of average total assets.......
6.91%
5.71%
5.76%
Other Information: 
Employees at period end.......................................................................................................................
16,748
16,929
16,961
Branches at period end..........................................................................................................................
936
940
949
Performance Indicators at period end(1): 
Total assets per employee.....................................................................................................................
42,518
60,777
100,645
Total assets per branch..........................................................................................................................
760,780
1,094,576
1,798,769
Deposits per employee(2).......................................................................................................................
24,930
35,195
66,747
Deposits per branch ..............................................................................................................................
446,070
633,840
1,192,938
Loans per employee(2)...........................................................................................................................
25,539
33,676
53,048
Loans per branch ..................................................................................................................................
461,479
606,486
948,103
Non-interest expense per employee(3)...................................................................................................
502
578
1,084
 
Inflation rate and GDP %: 
Consumer price index inflation(4)..........................................................................................................
14.6%
36.1%
64.3%
Gross domestic product (% change) .....................................................................................................
1.8%
11.4%
5.6%
TL/US$ Exchange Rate(5): 
Period end.............................................................................................................................................
7.4500
13.4000
18.7300
 
 
 
 
(1) All Turkish Lira amounts in “Performance Indicators at period end” are shown in thousands. 
(2) Represents deposits and loans without bank deposits or bank loans, as the case may be. 
(3) General and administrative expenses divided by the average number of employees of the Bank calculated by adding the number of employees as of the 
balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any year, 31 December of the previous year) and the last day of the 
applicable period and dividing by two. 
(4) Base year –1994. 
(5) Represents the exchange rate used by the Bank in the preparation of the BRSA Financial Statements.

--- Page 80 ---
59 
The calculation of the Group’s cost-to-income ratio for the indicated years is as follows: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Other operating expenses..............................
(4,945,114)
(5,599,918)
(10,899,024)
Personnel costs..............................................
(3,476,315) 
(4,129,500) 
(7,472,658) 
Cost........................................................
(8,421,429) 
(9,729,418) 
(18,371,682) 
Net interest income .......................................
20,394,562
20,325,425
75,749,130
Net fee and commission income ...................
2,984,080
4,255,818
10,189,800
Dividend income...........................................
17,633
23,394
57,391
Net trading income........................................
(2,336,832)
(4,254,115)
5,762,820
Total operating income .................................
7,190,168
8,575,813
10,885,337
Income ...................................................  
28,249,611 
28,926,335 
102,644,478 
Cost-to-income ratio.............................  
29.81% 
33.64% 
17.90%

--- Page 81 ---
60 
CAPITALISATION OF THE GROUP 
The following table sets forth the total capitalisation of the Group as of the indicated dates. The following financial 
information has been extracted from the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein without 
material adjustment. This table should be read in conjunction with the information contained in “Management’s Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the relevant BRSA Financial Statements (including the 
notes therein) incorporated by reference herein. 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Paid-in capital...........................................................................
3,905,622
3,905,622
7,111,364
Share premium .........................................................................
6,303,347
6,303,367
16,469,500
Other capital reserves ...............................................................
(37,820)
(110,744)
(63,177)
Other accumulated comprehensive income ..............................
2,983,492
4,521,258
17,469,702
Legal reserves...........................................................................
2,829,063
3,536,959
3,999,937
Status reserves..........................................................................
6,337
6,337
6,337
Extraordinary reserves..............................................................
22,063,017
26,926,008
31,904,601
Other profit reserves.................................................................
1,806,533
2,698,984
1,569,834
Profit or loss .............................................................................
6,545,561
5,197,169
26,250,691
Non-controlling interest............................................................  
746,935 
1,215,068 
1,806,739 
Total shareholders’ equity and non-controlling interests  
47,152,087 
54,200,028 
106,525,528 
Medium- and long-term debt ....................................................  
22,383,580 
59,324,883 
77,014,975 
Total capitalisation .............................................................  
69,535,667 
113,524,911 
183,540,503

--- Page 82 ---
61 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS 
The following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial position and results of operations of the Group 
covers the fiscal years ended 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 and, in “-Recent Developments” below, the three month 
periods ended 31 March 2022 and 2023. Unless otherwise specified, the financial information presented in this discussion has 
been extracted from the BRSA Annual Financial Statements without material adjustment. This section should be read in 
conjunction with such BRSA Financial Statements (including the notes therein) and the other financial information included 
in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus (including the section entitled “Presentation of Financial 
and Other Information”). The BRSA Annual Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the BRSA 
Principles except for the free provisions recognised by the Group as described in “Presentation of Financial and Other 
Information.” For a discussion of current significant differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles, see Appendix A 
(“Overview of Differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles”). 
Under the BRSA Principles, the Bank’s financial statements reflect a full consolidation only of its financial 
subsidiaries (except to the extent immaterial), whereas other equity participations are included as noted in the following 
paragraph. The entities that were consolidated in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2022 incorporated by reference herein were Vakıf Factoring A.Ş., Vakıf Finansal Kiralama A.Ş., Vakıf Menkul 
Kıymet Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş., Vakıf Yatırım Menkul Değerler A.Ş., Vakıfbank International AG, Vakıf Gayrimenkul 
Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş., which were included in the consolidated financial statements of the Group, and Kıbrıs Vakıflar 
Bankası Ltd. and Türkiye Sınai Kalkınma Bankası A.Ş., which were consolidated per the equity method. See “The Group and 
its Business - Subsidiaries and Other Affiliated Companies.” These entities were also consolidated in the Group’s BRSA 
Financial Statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. 
The BRSA Financial Statements are prepared on a historical cost basis except for financial assets measured at fair 
value through profit or loss, derivative financial assets and liabilities held for trading purpose, properties classified under 
tangible fixed assets, fair value through other comprehensive income and consolidated investments in associates and 
subsidiaries, presented on a fair value basis if reliable measures are available. 
The operations of the Bank are undertaken both by the Bank directly and through its consolidated entities; however: 
(a) the Bank is the issuer of the Notes, (b) it is only the Bank that has any payment or other obligations in respect of the Notes 
and (c) no other member of the Group nor any other entity will have any responsibility for the Bank meeting its obligations 
under the Notes. For further information on the standalone as compared to the consolidated financial condition and results of 
operations of the Bank, please see the BRSA Financial Statements of the Bank incorporated by reference herein. 
Significant Factors Affecting the Group’s Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
The Group’s financial condition, results of operations and prospects depend significantly upon the macroeconomic, 
political and regulatory conditions prevailing in Türkiye as well as other factors. The impact of these factors might vary 
significantly in the future and many of these factors are outside the control of the Group. Prospective investors should 
(among other things) consider the factors set forth under “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” 
and “Risk Factors.” The following describes the most significant of such factors since the beginning of 2020. 
Turkish Economy and Political Developments 
The Group’s operations are primarily in Türkiye (or related to Turkish activities) and almost all of its operating 
income and net profit are derived from its Turkish operations (including Turkish-related business for the Group’s operations 
abroad). Accordingly, its results of operations and financial condition are and will continue to be significantly affected by 
Turkish political, regulatory and macroeconomic factors, including factors such as currency fluctuations, the Central Bank’s 
monetary and regulatory policies, economic growth rates, inflation and fluctuations in interest rates in Türkiye. For additional 
information on political developments in Türkiye, see “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye - Political 
Conditions - Political Developments.”

--- Page 83 ---
62 
The following table provides certain macroeconomic indicators for Türkiye, including real GDP growth, inflation 
rates and the Central Bank’s overnight Turkish Lira policy rate for each of the indicated periods, as well as the average 
exchange rates between the Turkish Lira and each of the U.S. dollar and the euro for such periods: 
As of or for the year ended 
31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
GDP (TL billions)........................................................
5,047.9
7,248.8
15,006.6
GDP (US$ billions)(1) ..................................................
717.0
807.1
905.5
Real GDP growth in Turkish Lira (%) ........................
1.9
11.4
5.6
GDP per capita (US$)..................................................
8,599
9,539
10,655
Unemployment rate (%) ..............................................
12.6
11.0
10.3
Central Bank policy rate (%).......................................
17.0
14.0
8.50
Benchmark yield, two year (year-end, %)...................
14.96
22.70
8.75
Inflation (%) ................................................................
14.6
36.1
64.3
Exports (US$ billions).................................................
169.5
225.2
254.2
Imports (US$ billions).................................................
219.4
271.4
363.7
Trade deficit (US$ billions).........................................
49.9
46.2
109.5
Current account surplus/(deficit) (US$ billions) .........
31.9
7.2
48.8
Budget surplus/(deficit) (TL billions)..........................
172.7
192.2
139.1
$/TL Indicative Exchange Buying Rate(2)....................
7.4194
13.3290
18.6983
€/TL Indicative Exchange Buying Rate(3)....................
9.1164
15.0867
19.9349
 
 
 
 
(1) As published by TurkStat, which uses certain annual averaging techniques and thus this amount would be lower were year-end 
exchange rates used in such calculations. 
(2) The Turkish Lira indicative exchange rate for purchases of U.S. dollars announced by the Central Bank as of the end of the period. 
(3) The Turkish Lira indicative exchange rate for purchases of euro announced by the Central Bank as of the end of the period. 
Since the beginning of 2020, economic conditions across emerging markets, including Türkiye, have been volatile 
as a result of several factors, including expectations regarding slower growth in China, the trade dispute between the U.S. and 
China, the expectation of (and actual) policy rate changes by the U.S. Federal Reserve, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, 
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the depreciation of the Turkish Lira, inflationary pressures starting in 2021 and then, 
in 2022, policy rate increases (and the expectation of further rate increases) and other tightening by the U.S. Federal Reserve 
and other central banks and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. See “-Global Economic Conditions” below. In addition, there 
has been considerable uncertainty regarding Türkiye’s political and geopolitical conditions resulting from a variety of factors 
(see “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye - Political Conditions - Political Developments” and “Risk Factors - Risks 
Relating to Türkiye - Political Conditions - Terrorism and Conflicts”), including changes in the governance and/or policies of 
the Central Bank. 
Partially as a result of these factors, GDP growth in Türkiye has been volatile since the beginning of 2020, which 
has impacted the Group’s growth and increased non-performing loans. In the first three months of 2020, GDP increased by 
4.5% compared to the same period of the previous year; however, GDP sharply decreased by 9.9% in the second quarter of 
the year driven by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. GDP then returned to growth in the third and fourth quarters of 
2020, increasing by 6.3% and 5.9% compared to the same periods of the previous year, which growth was supported by an 
increase in investments and household consumption. As a result, including due to the continuing impact of COVID-19 both 
on Türkiye and globally, overall GDP growth for 2020 was only 1.8%. In 2021, growth increased to 11.4%, principally 
driven by an increase in household consumption and strong contributions from the services and information and technology 
sectors. In 2022, GDP grew by 5.6%, which growth was primarily supported by private consumption, a rise in imports and an 
increase in finance and insurance activities and information and communication activities. Growth in 2023 is expected by the 
Bank’s management to be in line with the government’s Medium Term Programme, including the expectation of a slowdown 
in the second half of 2023; however, the level of recovery remains dependent upon global macroeconomic and geopolitical 
conditions and the successful implementation of Türkiye’s economic policies. 
It should be noted that though the Turkish Lira GDP results in nominal Turkish Lira terms are high, as the exchange 
rate of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar varies (in some years, significantly), these reported changes in GDP would 
have been different (in some years, significantly different) were they determined in U.S. dollar terms (e.g., in 2022, the

--- Page 84 ---
63 
Turkish Lira depreciated by 28.7% against the U.S. dollar, which greatly exceeded the year’s nominal GDP increase, 
resulting in a significant decline in the Turkish GDP in U.S. dollar terms notwithstanding the significant increase in Turkish 
Lira terms). 
In 2020, the annual CPI inflation rate was 14.6% and domestic producer price inflation was 25.2%, reflecting 
primarily an increase in food, energy and commodity prices (including due to the depreciation of the Turkish Lira). In 2021, 
the CPI inflation rate surged to 36.1%, reflecting primarily an increase in the prices of food, energy, consumer durables and 
transportation, which increases resulted from the depreciation of the Turkish Lira, the impact of disruptions in supply chains, 
the rise in government-administered prices and the reopening of the Turkish economy from COVID-19-related restrictions. In 
2022, the CPI inflation rate was 64.3% and the domestic producer price inflation rate was 97.7% (it should be noted that this 
is the official inflation rate whereas other analysts have published different rates, in some cases significantly higher than the 
official rate), again reflecting significant increases in the prices of food, energy and imported products. On 4 May 2023, the 
Central Bank published an inflation report indicating an inflation forecast of 22.3%, 8.8% and 5.0% at the end of 2023, 2024 
and 2025, respectively. 
Although the EU-defined Turkish government debt level decreased considerably since 2001 and reached its lowest 
level with 27.3% of GDP in 2015, it then increased to 31.7% in 2022, and (although this remains well below the Maastricht 
criteria), Türkiye remains an emerging market and remains susceptible to a higher degree of volatility than more developed 
markets due to a number of factors (see “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye”). 
Continuing high levels of unemployment might affect the Group’s customers, which might impair its business 
strategies and/or have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Impact on Asset Quality. NPLs are particularly sensitive to economic conditions and this remains a key area of focus 
for the Bank given its strong loan growth and macroeconomic conditions in Türkiye. The Bank’s NPL ratio as of 
31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 was 3.97%, 3.09% and 2.13%, respectively. The ratio of non-performing loans to total 
loans in the Turkish banking sector was 4.09%, 3.16% and 2.11% as of such dates, respectively, according to the BRSA’s 
monthly statistical bulletin. 
In 2021 and 2022, the amount of the Bank’s NPLs increased by 4.96% and 10.73%, respectively, whereas the 
amount of NPLs for the entire Turkish banking sector increased by 4.89% and 2.11%, respectively, during those years. 
In 2021, the 6.75% increase in the Group’s nominal NPLs was principally a result of: (a) the BRSA’s temporary 
relief for recognition of NPLs and Stage 2 loans introduced to relieve banks from the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic 
(which ceased to be of effect as of 31 December 2021) and (b) 36.50% loan growth, which resulted in a lower NPL ratio as a 
result of the increased denominator. 
In 2022, the 8.86% increase in the Group’s nominal NPLs was due to NPL inflows, which were partially offset as a 
result of the write-off of TL 3,186,885 thousand of NPLs for which there was no reasonable expectation of recovery. 
In 2020, 2021 and 2022, while there were sales of NPLs in the Turkish banking sector, the Bank did not sell any of 
its NPLs but undertook a detailed review of its entire loan portfolio. In addition, a number of large corporate borrowers have 
restructured their loans due to financial pressures resulting from the economic volatility in Türkiye, including in particular 
foreign exchange conditions, and the Bank’s management anticipates that further such restructurings and even defaults might 
occur in corporate and commercial segment loans as conditions remain challenging for borrowers, which might lead to 
further material NPL inflows. In addition, conditions remain challenging for a number of other large corporate borrowers, 
which might lead to further material NPL inflows. Although no such loan has become non-performing or delinquent as of 
31 December 2022, in the event such a loan or other loans become non-performing, or there is a slowdown in economic 
conditions, this might have a material adverse effect on the asset quality of Turkish banks, including the Bank. 
Changes to Turkish Banking Policy and Regulations 
The Central Bank adjusts reserve requirement ratios as a policy tool at various times to reduce or encourage certain 
actions by the banking sector, including both deposit and lending activity and changes to the holding of securities (primarily 
Turkish government securities). The adjustments in reserve requirement ratios have frequently been combined with changes

--- Page 85 ---
64 
in the Central Bank’s interest rate and liquidity management policies, which directly influence the Group’s deposit and 
lending rates and thereby impact margins and results of operations given the maturity mismatch between shorter term assets 
and longer term liabilities (see “Risk Management - Risk Management Department - Liquidity Risk”). The Central Bank has 
also used unconventional policy tools from time to time, including the foreign exchange-protected Turkish Lira deposit 
scheme and various measures aimed at limiting loan pricing in 2023, which have impacted the financial condition and 
profitability of the Turkish banking sector. 
On 16 January 2020, the Central Bank decreased the policy rate by 75 basis points to 11.25% and then further 
reduced it on 19 February 2020 to 10.75%, on 17 March 2020 to 9.75%, on 22 April 2020 to 8.75% and on 21 May 2020 to 
8.25%. These decreases were followed on 24 September 2020 by an increase to 10.25%, on 19 November 2020 by an 
increase to 15.00%, on 24 December 2020 by an increase to 17.00% and a further increase to 19.00% in March 2021; 
however, the Central Bank then made a 100 basis point reduction to 18.00% in September 2021, a further 200 basis point 
reduction to 16.00% in October 2021, an additional 100 basis point reduction to 15.00% in November 2021 and a further 
100 basis point reduction to 14.00% in December 2021, all followed in 2022 with reductions to 13.00% on 18 August 2022, 
12.00% on 22 September 2022, 10.50% on 20 October 2022, 9.00% on 24 November 2022 and 8.50% on 23 February 2023, 
which might change demand for imports, adversely affect Türkiye’s economic growth, negatively impact the Turkish Lira’s 
exchange rate and/or result in downward pressure on the Group’s net interest margin. After the presidential elections in May 
2023, the Central Bank increased the rate to 15.00%; however, such remains well below the level of inflation. As noted in 
“Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye - Economic Conditions – Inflation,” there has been a de-linking of market interest 
rates in Türkiye from Central Bank policy rates in 2022, which has had various effects, including resulting in very positive 
returns on CPI-linked securities and increased profitability of Turkish banks in Turkish Lira terms. For more information on 
the Central Bank’s interest rates, see “Interest Rates and Central Bank Policy.” 
Laws also are imposed or amended from time to time to require Turkish banks to adhere to certain restrictions on 
their lending to consumers, including with respect to credit cards. These regulatory changes might inhibit the growth of both 
interest and fee income for the Group. For example of certain such requirements, see “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment - Consumer Loan, Provisioning and Credit Card Regulations.” 
Global Economic Conditions 
The Bank’s performance will continue to be influenced by conditions in the global economy. The outlook for the 
global economy (and particularly emerging markets) over the near to medium term remain challenging, which in turn might 
impact prospects for stabilisation and improvement of economic and financial conditions in Türkiye. A lack of improvement, 
or deterioration in these conditions, might have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. 
In 2020, the global economy worsened with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. While the global economy 
recovered in 2021, growth in 2022 was negatively impacted by the impact of the rate increases by the U.S. Federal Reserve 
and other central banks in response to elevated levels of inflation. For further information on macroeconomic risk factors, see 
“Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Group and its Business” and “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye.” 
On 3 March 2020, the U.S. Federal Reserve implemented a 50 basis point emergency cut to address the evolving 
risks on the global economy posed by the COVID-19 coronavirus, which was followed on 16 March 2020 with a further 
100 basis point reduction. As a result of rapid growth and supply disruptions as the impact of the pandemic was reduced, 
inflation accelerated throughout 2021 and 2022 and central banks and monetary policy turned towards tightening. For 
example, in November 2021, the U.S. Federal Reserve announced that it would reduce the monthly pace of its net asset 
purchases, and (in March 2022) increased its policy rate by 25 basis points and thereafter increased it various times. 
Early in 2020, the impact of the COVID-19 coronavirus on global markets increased risks to global growth and 
financial markets, with significant negative impacts on Türkiye, the United States, the EU and most other jurisdictions 
throughout 2020 and continuing into 2021 and 2022. The economic slowdown initiated by the pandemic led the ECB to 
maintain an accommodative stance for the eurozone economy, including maintaining the policy that has been in place since 
2011 of providing very accommodative interest rates; however, increases in inflationary pressures and growth resulted in the 
ECB reducing its emergency pandemic asset purchases, terminating them completely in March 2022, and increasing interest 
rates starting in July 2022. These and other key factors, such as geopolitical tensions, might have a material adverse impact 
on international financial markets and economic conditions and, in turn, the market’s anticipation of these impacts might

--- Page 86 ---
65 
have a material adverse effect on the Turkish economy and the Bank’s business, financial conditions and/or liquidity. In 
particular, these factors might disrupt payment systems, money markets, long-term and short-term fixed income markets, 
foreign exchange markets, commodities markets and equity markets and adversely affect the cost and availability of funding. 
Interest Rates and Central Bank Policy 
One of the primary factors influencing the Group’s profitability is the level of short-term interest rates in Türkiye 
(including both policy rates and market-rates, which have been further impacted by market expectations regarding inflation 
and foreign exchange rates), which affects the return on its securities portfolio and its loan and deposit rates. Turkish Lira-
denominated treasury bills and bonds sold through public auction had average compound interest rates of 8.82%, 14.64% and 
16.96% in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. From 2018, there also have been auctions of foreign currency-denominated 
local bonds and lease certificates. Interest rates earned and paid on the Group’s assets and liabilities reflect, to a certain 
degree, current inflation, expectations regarding inflation, shifts in short-term interest rates set by the Central Bank and 
movements in long-term real interest rates. 
Because the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities (principally deposits) generally reprice faster than its interest-earning 
assets, changes in the short-term interest rates in Türkiye are generally reflected in the rates of interest paid by the Group on 
its liabilities before such interest rates are reflected in the rates of interest earned by the Group on its assets. Therefore, when 
short-term interest rates fall, the Group is both positively affected (for example, the value of its fixed rate securities portfolio 
might increase, as was the case especially between May 2014 and November 2016 and during the second half of 2019, and its 
interest margins might improve), but can also be negatively impacted (for example, through the decline in net interest 
margins on assets (such as new loans) funded by relatively low interest rate deposits, including demand deposits). On the 
other hand, when short-term rates increase, the Group’s interest margin is generally negatively affected (as was the case, for 
example, in the last quarter of 2020), as it will generally pay higher interest rates on its interest-bearing liabilities before it 
can modify the rates of its interest-earning assets. Starting from July 2019, the Central Bank made cuts to the policy rate until 
September 2020, which resulted in lower funding costs; however, the rates then increased materially until March 2021 (to 
19.00%) due to the monetary tightening policy of the Central Bank, which lead to an increase in interest paid on interest-
bearing liabilities. As rates were again reduced in the latter part of 2021 and through 2022, the Group benefitted by obtaining 
reduced funding costs and improved margins, particularly as market interest rates on loans and securities were de-linked from 
policy rates. An increase in long-term rates generally has at least a short-term negative effect on the Group’s net interest 
margin because its interest-earning assets generally have a longer repricing duration than its interest-bearing liabilities and 
because a portion of its interest-earning assets have fixed rates of interest. In addition, rising interest rates initially would 
likely reduce the value of the Group’s securities investment portfolio, but ultimately would likely result in increased interest 
income on other assets included in this portfolio. Interest rates are expected to remain volatile as a result of factors generally 
affecting emerging markets as well as domestic economic and political conditions in Türkiye. See “-Turkish Economy” 
above and “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Group and its Business - Market Risks - Interest Rate Risks.” 
As noted above, the Central Bank has adjusted reserve requirement ratios as a policy tool at various times in the past 
several years to reduce or encourage certain actions by the banking sector, including both deposit and lending activity. For 
example, on 19 August 2019, the Central Bank decided to revise the reserve requirement ratios for Turkish Lira liabilities of 
banks whose annual loan growth (to be calculated according to the procedures and principles determined by the Central 
Bank) is between 10% and 20% of the sum of their loans of a standard nature and loans under close monitoring (calculated in 
Turkish Lira) (excluding foreign currency-indexed loans and loans extended to banks). Accordingly, the reserve requirement 
ratio for such liabilities is set at 2% in all maturity brackets, excluding: (a) deposits and participation funds with one year or 
longer maturity (excluding deposits/participation funds obtained from banks abroad) and (b) other liabilities with a longer 
than three year maturity (including deposits/participation funds obtained from banks abroad). Such reserve requirement ratios 
are applied for a three month period after the calculation period, which will be determined by the Central Bank. 
On 26 March 2019, the Central Bank started to execute short-term U.S. dollar/Turkish Lira swap transactions (where 
the Central Bank borrows U.S. dollars and lends Turkish Lira) with local banks in order to limit the impact of the tight 
liquidity of the Turkish Lira (before this date, the Central Bank had only been executing swap transactions with local banks 
where it lent foreign currency and borrowed Turkish Lira). 
To support financial stability and the real loan growth-linked reserve requirement practice, the Central Bank decided 
on 28 December 2019 to increase (effective as of 10 January 2020 for the liability period starting on 27 December 2019) the 
reserve requirement ratios for foreign exchange deposits/participation funds by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets, but

--- Page 87 ---
66 
applying a 200 basis point reduction on the new ratios for banks that attain certain Turkish Lira real loan growth conditions 
(i.e., effectively keeping the reserve requirement ratios for foreign exchange deposits/participation funds of such banks 
unchanged). 
On 27 November 2020, the Central Bank: (a) repealed the reserve requirement related to a bank’s annual loan 
growth, (b) revised the reserve requirement ratios and remuneration rates such that they apply to all banks equally and (c) 
effective as of 27 November 2020: (i) revised to 12% per annum the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-denominated 
required reserves and (ii) reduced the commission rate applied to the reserves maintained against U.S. dollar-denominated 
deposits and participation fund liabilities from 1.25% to 0%. As a result, from December 2020, the reserve requirement ratios 
for: (A) deposits and participation funds (excluding those obtained from banks abroad) on demand and with a maturity up to 
(and including) three months and Turkish Lira-denominated other liabilities (including deposits and participation funds 
received from banks abroad) with a maturity up to (and including) one year were reduced to 6% per annum from 7% 
per annum, (B) foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds (excluding deposits and participation funds 
obtained from banks abroad and precious metal deposit accounts) on demand and with a maturity less than one year were 
reduced to 19% per annum from 22% per annum, (C) foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds 
(excluding deposits and participation funds obtained from banks abroad and precious metal deposit accounts) with a maturity 
of one year or more were reduced to 13% per annum from 18% per annum and (D) other foreign currency-denominated 
liabilities (regardless of maturity) were reduced by 3% per annum (to a range of 5% per annum to 21% per annum). 
On 24 February 2021, the Central Bank: (a) increased Turkish Lira reserve requirement ratios by 200 basis points 
for all liability types and maturity brackets, (b) revised portions of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements that Turkish banks 
are permitted to maintain in U.S. dollars and standard gold and (c) revised to 13.50% the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-
denominated required reserves. On 1 July 2021, the Central Bank: (i) reduced the maximum percentage of Turkish Lira 
reserves it can allow to be held in U.S. dollars from 20% to 10% and terminated the option of Turkish banks to maintain a 
portion of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in U.S. dollars as of 1 October 2021, (ii) increased the reserve requirement 
ratios for foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets and (iii) 
started to apply remuneration rates from 13.5% to 19.0% per annum for Turkish Lira-denominated reserves of banks 
depending upon certain conditions, each of which changes became effective from the calculation date of 6 August 2021 (with 
the maintenance period starting on 19 July 2021). On 15 September 2021, the Central Bank increased reserve requirement 
ratios for foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds and precious metals deposit accounts by 200 basis 
points for all maturity brackets effective as of 17 September 2021. On 9 November 2021, the Central Bank: (A) further 
reduced the maximum percentage of Turkish Lira reserves it would allow to be held in standard gold from 15% to 10% and 
announced that the facility for holding standard gold for Turkish Lira reserve requirements will be gradually decreased and 
eventually terminated and (B) increased the reserve requirement ratios for foreign currency deposits/participation funds by a 
further 200 basis points for all maturity brackets effective from the calculation date of 12 November 2021 (with the 
maintenance period starting on 28 October 2021). 
On 23 April 2022, the Central Bank amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements (effective as of 
29 April 2022) to require Turkish banks to establish mandatory reserves for their Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash 
loans; provided that the following are excluded: (a) loans provided to SMEs, tradesmen, financial institutions and/or certain 
governmental authorities and their subsidiaries and (b) export and investment loans, agricultural loans and corporate credit 
cards. With respect to such amendments (as further amended on 10 June 2022), banks are required to reserve 20% of the 
relevant commercial loans (as calculated on the last Friday of every four week period) for a maintenance period of four 
weeks. In addition, as a provisional application, banks with a growth rate in loans subject to reserve requirements above 20% 
as of 31 May 2022 compared to 31 December 2021 are required to maintain mandatory reserves between 10 June 2022 and 
24 November 2022 at a rate of 20% of the difference between their existing such loan balances on 31 March 2022 and 
31 December 2021 (the “Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement”). See also “Turkish Regulatory Environment – 
Liquidity and Reserve Requirements” with respect to certain other actions taken since the beginning of 2022. 
Such adjustments have had, and are likely to continue to have, an impact on the Group’s results of operations and 
financial condition. 
The Group’s balance sheet structure provides a partial hedge against short- to medium-term interest rate movements. 
Lower interest rates, together with economic stability, support loan growth and NPL collections. Higher interest rates, on the 
other hand, have a positive effect on yields on securities, since a significant portion of the Group’s securities have a variable 
interest rate, which partly mitigates higher deposit costs and slowing loan growth. The Group’s senior management seeks to

--- Page 88 ---
67 
proactively change the mix of the Group’s variable and fixed rate assets and liabilities depending upon market conditions and 
expectations, while bearing in mind market trends and the Group’s risk management policies, to minimise risk and maintain a 
balanced composition of assets and liabilities. 
Significant Financial Instruments Portfolio 
The Group has historically generated a portion of interest income from its securities portfolio, with interest and 
similar income derived from the Group’s securities portfolio in 2020, 2021 and 2022 accounting for 21.70%, 25.68% and 
44.70%, respectively, of its total interest income (and 18.37%, 22.58% and 37.75%, respectively, of its gross operating 
income before deducting interest expense and fee and commission expense (when trading gains/losses on the sale of 
securities are also considered)). In 2022, the Group experienced a TL 1,291,770 thousand net gain from the trading of 
financial instruments, representing 7.73% of the Group’s total other operating income, following a TL 6,197,169 thousand 
net loss in 2021 (a negative 142.62% of the Group’s total other operating income) and a TL 58,345 net gain in 2020 (1.01% 
of the Group’s total other operating income). 
In 2020, the Group’s net trading income was negative TL 2,336,832 thousand, which was primarily due to a loss of 
TL 2,395,177 thousand in derivative financial instruments driven principally by swap costs from the Bank’s use of cross 
currency swaps to raise Turkish Lira funding in exchange for U.S. dollar and euro. In 2021, the Group’s net trading income 
was negative TL 4,254,115 thousand, which was primarily due to a loss of TL 6,946,541 thousand in derivative financial 
instruments driven principally by increases in both the volume and cost of swaps. In 2022, the Group’s net trading income 
was TL 5,762,820 thousand, which was primarily due to a gain of TL 4,471,050 thousand in derivative financial instruments 
driven principally by the increased volume of trading activities. 
In 2021, interest income from the securities portfolio increased as a share of the Group’s total interest income and 
gross operating income before deducting interest expense and fee and commission expense, and its share further increased in 
2022 as a result of significant contribution from CPI-linked securities and the increase in the total securities portfolio. As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management expects that the percentage of the Group’s assets invested in 
securities, which are mainly Turkish government securities subject to Central Bank’s repo funding, will increase due to the 
Bank’s market-maker position in the Turkish money market. 
The Group’s portfolio of financial instruments principally contains (and is expected to continue to contain) Turkish 
government debt securities (including both fixed and floating-rate instruments, including CPI-linked securities), with limited 
holdings of other securities such as corporate and foreign government debt securities. The Group’s investment securities 
portfolio (which excludes its trading portfolio) represented 20.04%, 20.68% and 21.22%, respectively, of the Group’s total 
assets as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022. As the Group’s investment portfolio of financial instruments is comprised 
largely of high quality securities (principally Turkish government securities, most of which are held in the available-for-sale 
portfolio), the Group experienced insignificant credit losses on its portfolio of financial instruments and established 
immaterial provisions relating thereto during each of the past three fiscal years; however, its trading portfolio and available-
for-sale investment securities portfolio are marked-to-market with the marked-to-market losses or gains being included in 
income (for the trading portfolio and where there is a permanent impairment of available-for-sale financial assets unless sold) 
or shareholders’ equity (for the available-for-sale portfolio) as appropriate. In case of permanent impairments of financial 
assets measured at amortised cost, such impairment losses are also recognised in income. See the BRSA Annual Financial 
Statements incorporated by reference herein and “Selected Statistical and Other Information - Investment Portfolio.” 
The Group’s investment portfolio consists of “financial assets measured at amortised cost” and “financial assets 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.” See note 2.1 in the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial 
Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Expected Credit Losses 
The Group’s financial results can be significantly affected by the amount of provisions for expected credit losses 
recorded in any period. The Group recognises provisions for impairment by applying the expected credit loss (the “ECL”) 
model under TFRS 9 according to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation.

--- Page 89 ---
68 
The expected credit losses were TL 11.6 billion in 2020, TL 11.9 billion in 2021 and TL 27.2 billion in 2022. The 
ratio of the Group’s NPLs to total gross cash loans (i.e., NPL ratio) decreased from 4.07% as of 31 December 2020 to 3.21% 
as of 31 December 2021 and then decreased further to 2.21% as of 31 December 2022. In 2021, the 6.75% increase in the 
Group’s nominal NPLs was principally a result of: (a) the BRSA’s temporary relief for recognition of NPLs and Stage 2 
loans introduced to relieve banks from the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic (which ceased to be of effect as of 
31 December 2021) and (b) 36.50% loan growth, which resulted in a lower NPL ratio as a result of the increased 
denominator. the 8.86% increase in the Group’s nominal NPLs was due to NPL inflows, which were partially offset as a 
result of the write-off of TL 3,186,885 thousand of NPLs for which there was no reasonable expectation of recovery. 
In addition to the provisions that the Group is required to take for NPLs according to BRSA requirements (see 
“Turkish Regulatory Environment – Expected Credit Loss”), the Group’s management may take additional provisions (either 
in the form of specific provisions or general provisions) should the management determine this to be prudent. See the BRSA 
Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Exchange Rates 
A significant portion of the Group’s assets and liabilities are foreign currency risk-bearing (42.86% of total assets 
and 44.43% of total liabilities as of 31 December 2022), particularly the U.S. dollar and the euro. While the Group monitors 
its net open position in foreign currencies and each of the Bank and the Group is required to comply with foreign currency 
net open position limits promulgated by the BRSA, each of the Bank and the Group has maintained (and likely will continue 
to maintain) gaps between the balances of its foreign currency assets and liabilities. A bank’s limit imposed by the BRSA as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus is defined as an amount plus/minus 5% of the total capital used in the calculation of such 
bank’s regulatory capital adequacy ratios; however, the BRSA may increase (up to 20%) or reduce (but not below 5%) such 
amount from time to time. The Group’s and the Bank’s foreign currency net long/(short) open position ratios were (0.21)% 
and (2.90)%, respectively, as of 31 December 2022, 12.15% and 9.65%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021, 4.18% and 
2.56%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020, each of which satisfied the limits applicable at such time. The following tables 
provide the Group’s on- and off-balance sheet net open positions in different currencies as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL millions)
U.S. dollars ..................................................................................
(37,167.7)
(43,757.8)
(49,200.6)
Euro..............................................................................................
12,533.0
12,820.4
44,696.7
Other currencies...........................................................................
(5,771.6) 
(13,043.8) 
(22,182.9) 
Total net on-balance sheet foreign exchange position(1) .. 
(30,406.2) 
(43,981.3) 
(26,686.7) 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL millions)
U.S. dollars .................................................................................
37,289.9
46,453.6
46,410.1
Euro ............................................................................................
(10,700.7)
(8,878.4)
(42,046.6)
Other currencies .......................................................................... 
5,788.9 
12,990.1 
22,094.7 
Total net off-balance sheet foreign exchange position(1) . 
32,378.1 
50,565.2 
26,458.1 
 
 
 
 
(1) The positions indicated are net of the effects of hedging transactions and other off-balance sheet positions. 
The Group translates its foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities, as well as interest earned or paid on 
such assets and liabilities, and gains or losses realised upon the sale of such assets, into Turkish Lira in preparing its financial 
statements at the foreign exchange rate as of the balance sheet date. As a result, the Group’s reported income is affected by 
changes in the value of the Turkish Lira with respect to foreign currencies. The overall effect of exchange rate movements on 
the Group’s results of operations depends upon the successful implementation of the Group’s hedging strategies as well as 
the rate of depreciation or appreciation of the Turkish Lira against its principal trading and financing currencies, particularly 
if such depreciation or appreciation is of a larger scale than anticipated. The Group generally seeks to have no open positions 
in terms of foreign exchange exposures; however, depending upon market conditions, it may prefer to carry certain open 
positions through spot or derivative foreign exchange transactions. In such cases, exposures are managed with hedges subject

--- Page 90 ---
69 
to the limits set by the management of the Bank and its subsidiaries and applicable BRSA legal limits. Recent Turkish 
regulatory changes for foreign currency transactions have aimed to preserve financial stability (e.g., limiting the utilisation of 
foreign currency-denominated loans to exporters who have a natural foreign currency hedge and restricting the types of 
business contracts that can be executed in foreign currencies); however, the impact of these changes on the Group has been 
limited. 
By maintaining a reasonably balanced foreign currency position throughout each of the past three fiscal years, the 
Group had modest net foreign exchange gains or losses (after giving effect to the Group’s hedging strategy and other off-
balance sheet positions) in each such year, despite increasing volatility in more recent periods - a net foreign exchange loss of 
TL 2,395.2 million in 2020, a net foreign exchange gain of TL 1,943.1 million in 2021 and a net foreign exchange gain of 
TL 4,471.0 million in 2022. See also “-Operating Income - Other Operating Income” and “-Operating Expenses.” 
Exchange rate movements can also have an effect on the Turkish Lira-equivalent value of the Group’s foreign 
currency-denominated assets, liabilities and capital, which can affect capital adequacy either positively (for example, if the 
Turkish Lira appreciates, then assets in foreign currencies translate into fewer Turkish Lira in the calculations of capital 
adequacy ratios and thus increase the capital adequacy ratios) or negatively (for example, if the Turkish Lira depreciates, then 
assets in foreign currency translate into more Turkish Lira in the calculations of capital adequacy ratios and thus reduce the 
capital adequacy ratios). As a result of the 19.9%, 44.3% and 28.7%, respectively, depreciation of the Turkish Lira against 
the U.S. dollar in 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Turkish Lira-equivalent value of the Group’s foreign currency-denominated 
assets, liabilities and capital increased significantly during these years. See also “Risks Relating to Türkiye - Economic 
Conditions” and “Risks Relating to Türkiye - Turkish Regulatory and Other Matters - Banking Regulatory Matters.” 
Critical Accounting Policies 
The Group’s accounting policies are integral to understanding its financial condition and results of operations 
presented in the BRSA Financial Statements. The Group’s critical accounting policies under the BRSA Principles as of and 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 are described in the notes to the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and 
for the year ended on such date (significant accounting policies for BRSA Financial Statements for other accounting periods 
being set forth in the respective notes). 
The preparation of the BRSA Financial Statements requires the Bank’s senior management to make estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses 
during the reported period. The Group’s critical accounting policies are those that are most important to the portrayal of its 
financial condition and results of operations and that require the Group to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, 
often as a result of a need to make estimates of matters that are inherently unpredictable. On an ongoing basis, management 
evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to allowance for losses, investments, income taxes, financing 
operations and contingencies, litigation and arbitration. Management bases its estimates and judgments upon historical 
experience and various other factors that the Bank’s management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. The 
Group’s actual results might differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments and conditions. 
In “Accounting Policies” in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, the Group lists various accounting policies that have a significant impact on the Group’s results of operations and 
financial conditions. The Bank’s senior management believes that the following significant accounting policies require more 
critical judgments or estimates or involve a greater degree of complexity in the application of accounting policies that affect 
the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
Allowance for Loan Losses, Guarantees and Other Commitments 
TFRS 9 imposes a forward-looking expected credit loss approach, which forms an impairment model that has three 
stages based upon the change in credit quality since initial recognition. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment – Expected 
Credit Loss” with respect to the Turkish regulatory requirements for provisions for loans.

--- Page 91 ---
70 
Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
The Group’s financial instruments are classified as either financial assets measured at fair value through profit or 
loss (i.e., trading securities) or financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. While financial 
assets measured at amortised cost are recorded at their acquisition cost and measured at amortised cost calculated as per the 
effective interest rate method, the Group’s financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss and financial assets 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (which collectively represented 58.23% of the Group’s total 
securities portfolio as of 31 December 2022) are recorded at fair value, with changes in fair value being recorded in total 
comprehensive income (for the trading portfolio and where there is a permanent impairment or sale of available-for-sale 
financial assets) or shareholders’ equity (for other available-for-sale financial assets). In the case of permanent impairment of 
financial assets measured at amortised cost, such impairment losses are also recognised in income. As of 31 December 2020, 
2021 and 2022, a total of TL 91.4 billion, TL 155.5 billion and TL 221.1 billion, respectively, in such securities were 
recorded at fair value in the Group’s balance sheet. 
The following table sets out the distribution of the Group’s securities recorded at fair value as of each of the 
indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss ...........................
7,458,281
16,591,824
17,366,883
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income ..  
83,927,925 
138,953,677 
203,683,479 
Total ...............................................................................................................  
91,386,206 
155,545,501 
221,050,362 
Fair value is defined as the value at which a position could be closed out or sold in a transaction with a willing and 
knowledgeable unrelated party (without any deduction for transaction costs). The Group estimates fair value using quoted 
market prices when available. When quoted market prices are not available, the Group uses a variety of models that include 
dealer quotes, pricing models and quoted prices from instruments with similar characteristics or discounted cash flows. The 
determination of fair value when quoted market prices are not available involves judgment by the Group’s senior 
management as to whether the change in the value of a security is “other-than-temporary,” in which case a revaluation will be 
merited. If the Group’s management determines this to be the case, then such securities would be written-down and such 
amounts would be reflected as impairment losses, net, under operating expense. Factors that are used by the Group’s 
management in determining whether a decline is “other-than-temporary” include the observed period of the loss, the degree 
of the loss and the expectation as of the date of analysis as to the potential for realisation of the security. 
There is often limited market data to rely upon when estimating the impact of holding a large or aged position. 
Similarly, judgment must be applied in estimating prices when no external parameters exist. Other factors that can affect the 
estimates include incorrect model assumptions and unexpected correlations. The imprecision in estimating these factors 
might affect the amount of revenue or loss recorded for a specific asset or liability. As of 31 December 2022, the Group held 
financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss and financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income for which it could not use market prices or observable market inputs to determine fair value 
representing 0.01% of its total assets. 
Derivatives 
The Group enters into transactions with derivative instruments, including forward contracts, swaps and options in 
the foreign exchange and capital markets. For example, the Group enters into interest rate swap transactions in order to hedge 
certain cash flow and currency exposures primarily on floating rate assets and liabilities through converting its floating rate 
income/payments into fixed rate income/payments. These derivative transactions are considered as effective economic 
hedges under the Group’s risk management policies but (other than transactions in which the hedge accounting relationship is 
evidenced), if they do not qualify for hedge accounting under the specific provisions of TAS 39, then they are treated as 
derivatives held-for-trading. Derivative financial instruments are initially recognised in the balance sheet at cost and 
subsequently are remeasured at their fair value.

--- Page 92 ---
71 
The fair value of derivative instruments is based upon their quoted market price at the balance sheet date without 
any deduction for transaction costs. If a quoted market price is not available, then the fair value of a derivative is estimated 
using the available market information and the appropriate valuation methodologies; however, judgment is necessarily 
required to interpret market data to develop the estimated fair value. Accordingly, the estimates made are not necessarily 
indicative of the amounts that could be realised in a current market exchange. 
The fair value of a derivative that is not exchange-traded is estimated at the amount that the Group would receive or 
pay to terminate the contract as of the balance sheet date taking into account current market conditions and the current 
creditworthiness of the counterparties. All derivatives are carried as assets when fair value is positive and as liabilities when 
fair value is negative. For derivatives that do not qualify for special hedge accounting (which are held for trading purposes 
instead), any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value are taken directly to income for the period whereas gains and 
losses arising from changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges are reflected directly as a separate 
component of shareholders’ equity and reclassified to income when the hedged transaction is settled. 
Defined Benefit Plan 
The Bank has a defined benefit plan for its Turkish employees, which is called Türkiye Vakıflar Bankasi T.A.O. 
Memur ve Hizmetleri Emekli ve Sağlık Yardım Sandığı Vakfı (the “Vakıfbank Pension Fund”). The Vakıfbank Pension Fund 
is a separate legal entity and a foundation recognised by an official decree, and provides pension and post-retirement medical 
benefits to all qualified Bank employees. This benefit plan is funded through contributions both by the Bank’s employees and 
the Bank as required by Türkiye’s Social Security Law. Employees of other members of the Group do not participate in this 
benefit plan. 
This benefit plan is composed of: (a) the contractual benefits provided under the articles of association of the 
Vakıfbank Pension Fund to the participating employees, which are subject to the transfer to the Social Security Institution of 
Türkiye (Türkiye Cumhuriyeti Sosyal Güvenlik Kurumu) (the “SSF”) as described in the next paragraph, and (b) other 
“excess” benefits and payments provided in the existing trust indenture but not transferable to the SSF and medical benefits 
provided by the Bank for its constructive obligation (as defined in the BRSA Principles, an obligation that derives from an 
entity’s actions whether by an established pattern of past practice, a published policy or a sufficient specific current 
statement) (the “excess benefits”). 
According to Turkish law, certain of the assets and liabilities of funds such as the Vakıfbank Pension Fund were to 
be transferred to the SSF by 8 May 2011; however, this period has been extended from time to time. At the time of this 
transfer, an actuarial calculation will be conducted to establish if a bank’s fund’s assets are sufficient to meet its liabilities. 
The SSF is required to collect the unfunded portion (if any) from the employee benefit funds and the banks employing the 
relevant fund participants, which will be severally liable, in annual instalments to be paid over a period of up to 15 years. The 
payment would be in Turkish Lira and would be announced by the Turkish Treasury for each year. 
In the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements, pension and medical benefits transferable to the SSF are accounted for 
according to the actuarial assumptions and mortality tables specified in the applicable laws. Although as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus no official work has commenced to implement the transfer of any of the Vakıfbank Pension Fund’s assets 
and liabilities to the SSF, the Bank engaged an independent actuary to conduct an actuarial study, which in January 2023 
reported no deficit based upon the assumptions stated in the applicable laws. These assumptions are sensitive to elements 
such as the number of employees in the current workforce, the workforce turnover rate, the aging rate of the workforce and 
the other parameters stipulated in the relevant legislation. Therefore, it is possible that the actuarial study may turn out to be 
incorrect if any of the assumptions upon which it is based differ from the calculations made at the time of the actual transfer. 
If there is a shortfall at the time of the transfer of the fund (as determined by the SSF), then the Bank would be liable to make 
the supplemental payments described above for 15 years. 
The excess benefits, which are not subject to the transfer to the SSF and will be retained by the Vakıfbank Pension 
Fund, are accounted for in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements in accordance with TAS 19 (“Employee Benefits”). The 
obligation in respect of this retained portion of the benefit plan is calculated by estimating the amount of future benefit that 
employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior periods, which benefit is discounted to determine its 
present value by using the projected unit credit method, and any unrecognised past service costs and the fair value of any plan 
assets are deducted.

--- Page 93 ---
72 
The pension and medical benefits transferable to the SSF and the excess benefits are calculated annually by an 
independent actuary registered with the Turkish Treasury. As per the latest independent actuary report dated 31 December 
2022, the Bank had no excess obligation that needed to be provided for as of 31 December 2022. 
Taxation 
Income tax is calculated on the basis of taxable income as calculated by applicable tax laws, which differ in certain 
material respects from the BRSA Principles. The Group’s effective tax rate was 19.75% for 2020, 19.43% for 2021 and 
34.02% for 2022. In preparing its financial statements, the Group is required to estimate taxes on income, which involves an 
estimation of current tax expenses together with an assessment of temporary differences resulting from differences between 
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the corresponding bases used in the calculation 
of taxable profit. The Group’s carrying value of net deferred tax assets assumes that the Group will be able to generate 
sufficient future taxable income based upon estimates and assumptions. If these estimates and related assumptions prove to 
be incorrect, then the Group might be required to record valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets resulting in 
additional tax expense in its income. The Group evaluates the recoverability of the deferred tax assets on each business day. 
Analysis of Results of Operations for 2020, 2021 and 2022 
The following summary financial and operating data as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2021 and 
2022 have been extracted from the BRSA Annual Financial Statements without material adjustment. This information should 
be read in conjunction with the BRSA Annual Financial Statements (including the notes therein). 
The table below summarises the Group’s income statement for the indicated years, the components of which are 
described in greater detail in the following sections: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Net interest income......................................................................
20,394,562
20,325,425
75,749,130
Net fee and commission income..................................................
2,984,080
4,255,818
10,189,800
Other operating income(1) ............................................................  
4,870,969 
4,345,092 
16,705,548 
Gross profit from operating activities.................................. 
28,249,611 
28,926,335 
102,644,478 
Expected credit loss.....................................................................
(11,905,590)
(12,667,748)
(44,504,744)
Other operating expenses(2) .......................................................... 
(8,421,429)
(9,729,418) 
(18,371,682)
Total operating expenses ....................................................... 
(20,327,019)
(22,397,166) 
(62,876,426)
Profit/loss from equity method applied subsidiaries .................... 
62,032 
93,677 
342,159 
Profit/loss before taxes from continuing operations ........... 
7,984,624 
6,622,846 
40,110,211 
Taxation charge ........................................................................... 
(1,577,244)
(1,287,150) 
(13,643,596)
Net profit for the period ........................................................  
6,407,380 
5,335,696 
26,466,615 
Attributable to equity holders of the Bank...............................
6,337,453
5,165,856
25,811,449
Attributable to minority interests .............................................
69,927
169,840
655,166
 
 
 
 
(1) 
For a particular period, this is the sum of: (a) dividend income, (b) trading income/losses (net) and (c) other operating income, in each case, for such 
period. 
(2) 
Other operating expenses includes personnel cost. 
The following table identifies the share that net interest income, net fee and commission income and other operating 
income have represented in the Group’s gross profit from operating activities for each of the indicated years: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Net interest income...........................................
72.19%
70.27%
73.80%
Net fee and commission income.......................
10.56%
14.71%
9.93%
Other operating income ....................................  
17.24% 
15.02% 
16.28% 
Gross profit from operating activities .......  
100.00% 
100.00% 
100.00%

--- Page 94 ---
73 
Net Profit 
The Group’s net profit for a period is calculated by reducing its operating income for such period by the amount of 
its operating expenses and taxation charge for such period. The Group’s net profit for 2022 was TL 26.5 billion, a 396.03% 
increase from TL 5.3 billion in 2021, which was itself an 16.73% decrease from TL 6.4 billion in 2020. 
In 2021, the decline was primarily due to a 15.53% increase in other operating expenses, which was offset in part by 
a 42.62% increase in net fee and commission income. In 2022, the increase was mainly due to a 272.68% increase in net 
interest income, a large part of which was derived from the higher interest earned on CPI-linked securities due to the high 
levels of inflation. 
The following sections describe the components of the Group’s net profit (i.e., operating income, operating expenses 
and taxation charges) in greater detail. 
Operating Income 
The Group’s operating income is comprised of its net interest income, net fee and commission income and other 
operating income. Each of these is described in greater detail below. 
Net Interest Income 
The Group’s net interest income is the difference between the interest income that it earns on its interest-earning 
assets and the interest expense that it pays on its interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is the principal area of 
income for the Group and thus the differential between the interest rates that it receives on interest-earning assets and the 
interest rates that it pays on interest-bearing liabilities (i.e., its average spread), and the volume of such assets and liabilities, 
tend to have the most significant impact on the Group’s results of operations. Net interest income represented 72.19%, 
70.27% and 73.80% of the Group’s gross profit from operating activities in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
Net interest income amounted to TL 75.7 billion in 2022, a 272.68% increase from TL 20.3 billion in 2021, itself a 
0.34% decrease from TL 20.4 billion in 2020. In 2021, the slight decrease was largely due to an 88.35% increase in the cost 
of deposits, resulting from the Central Bank’s rate hikes until its rate cut decision on 24 September 2021, which was partly 
offset by: (a) a 43.40% increase in interest income from loans and (b) a 132.22% increase in interest income from CPI-linked 
bonds, each as compared to the previous year. In 2022, the increase was largely due to: (i) a 63.25% increase in interest 
income from loans, which was offset by a 95.74% increase in interest expense from deposits due to the increase in cost of 
deposits, and (ii) a 463.67% increase in interest income from CPI-linked bonds compared to the previous year. 
In 2021, interest income increased by 52.74% from the prior year, supported by the increase in the Group’s average 
Turkish Lira loan yield to 13.15% from 12.44% in 2020, and then increased by 120.12% in 2022 due in part to the further 
increase in the average Turkish Lira loan yield to 13.91%. The Group’s average Turkish Lira deposit cost increased to 
12.29% for 2021 from 8.23% for 2020 due to the impact of the Central Bank’s rate hikes until its rate cut decision on 
24 September 2021, but then decreased to 11.64% in 2022 as a result of such rate cuts. 
In 2023, the Bank’s management expects (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) core spreads to decrease, especially 
in the first half of 2023, compared to 2022 due to an increase in the cost of funding and a decrease on loan yield due to recent 
regulations , faster repricing of Turkish Lira deposits than Turkish Lira loan yields and expected normalisation of loan 
growth in 2023 compared to 2021 and 2022. Counterbalancing this decline, CPI-linked bonds are expected to contribute 
positively as a result of recent inflation. 
The net interest margin for the Group was 4.30% in 2020, 2.84% in 2021 and 6.82% in 2022. In 2021, the change in 
net interest margin was primarily due to increases to funding costs, which were partially offset by higher-yielding CPI-linked 
bonds and higher loan yields. In 2022, the change in net interest margin was primarily due to higher-yields on CPI-linked 
bonds and higher loan yields as a result of the Central Bank’s rate hikes until its rate cut decision on 24 September 2021. See 
also “-Significant Factors Affecting the Group’s Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Interest Rates and Central 
Bank Policy.”

--- Page 95 ---
74 
Interest income and interest expense are discussed in greater detail below. 
Interest Income. Interest income is the interest (including the amortisation of interest-earning assets purchased at a 
discount and the interest component of lease receivables) and certain loan-related fees (such as closing fees received on 
project finance loans) received by the Group on its interest-earning assets, principally loans and debt securities. Interest 
income is a function of both the volume of interest-earning assets and the yield that the Group earns on these holdings. The 
Group’s interest income increased by 120.12% in 2022 from 2021, which itself had increased by 52.74% from 2020. The 
following table sets out the interest earnings on the Group’s interest-earning assets during the indicated years: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Interest income from loans..........................................
37,070,419
53,157,911
86,782,377
Interest income from marketable securities portfolio..
10,414,784
18,826,612
72,142,088
Interest income from banks.........................................
78,338
32,211
662,170
Interest income from money market transactions .......
3,388
3,756
94,928
Others ..........................................................................  
435,092 
1,296,556 
1,704,600 
Total interest income ............................................  
48,002,021 
73,317,046 
161,386,163 
The Bank calculates the Group’s interest income from the portfolio of CPI-linked bonds based upon the projected 
CPI figures (calculated in line with the projections of the Bank and the information provided in the Central Bank’s inflation 
report) due to the discrepancies on the Bank’s level of earnings calculated on a quarterly basis that had resulted from using 
the previous months’ CPI figures in prior periods. In 2021, the Group’s “interest income from marketable securities 
portfolio” increased by 80.77% due to a 52.80% increase in the nominal amount of the securities portfolio and a 132.22% 
increase in interest income from CPI-linked bonds due to high inflation, increasing again by 283.19% in 2022 due to a 
65.49% increase in the nominal amount of the securities portfolio and a 463.67% increase in interest income from CPI-linked 
bonds due to high inflation. See “Financial Condition - Assets.” 
The following table sets forth the average yield earned by the Group (annual average) on certain interest-earning 
assets for the indicated years. For additional information with respect to the Group’s interest income, including with respect 
to Turkish Lira- and foreign currency-denominated assets, see “-Selected Statistical and Other Information - Distribution of 
Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential - Average Balance Sheet and Interest 
Data” and “-Net Changes in Interest Income and Expense - Volume and Rate Analysis.” 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Total for Group......................................
8.15% 
10.19% 
14.75% 
Deposits at banks .....................................
1.73%
4.73%
5.52%
Investment securities................................
7.30%
9.94%
23.74%
Loans........................................................
8.93%
10.69%
11.68%
In 2021, the average yield on interest-earning assets increased by 204 basis points due to the increasing yields on 
loans and securities, whereas the average yield on interest-earning assets in 2022 increased by 456 basis points due in large 
part to the higher yields received on CPI-linked securities due to the high levels of inflation. 
In 2020, three new domestic branches were opened and 10 existing branches were closed, whereas the Bank closed 
only one domestic branch in 2021 and five in 2022. The Bank’s management expects that the branch network will continue to 
decline slightly as digitalisation increases and less efficient branches are closed. As such, the Bank’s management plans to 
continue focusing on digitalisation and other ADCs rather than increasing its branch network. 
In addition, increases in Turkish policy rates and other measures that might further be taken by the Central Bank to 
limit the size of the Turkish current account deficit, protect the value of the Turkish Lira (and thus control inflation) and 
maintain growth at sustainable levels might suppress loan demand. 
Interest Expense. Interest expense is the interest and certain loan-related fee expenses (such as fees paid on 
syndicated loans) of the Group on its interest-bearing liabilities, principally time deposits and borrowings. As with interest 
income, interest expense is a function of both the volume of interest-bearing liabilities and the interest rates that the Group

--- Page 96 ---
75 
pays on these liabilities. The Group’s interest expense increased by 61.60% in 2022 from 2021, which itself had increased by 
91.95% from 2020. The following table sets out the interest expense on the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities by category 
during the indicated years: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Interest expense on deposits ...................................
16,466,527
31,014,009
60,707,754
Interest expense on money market transactions......
4,552,830
13,560,184
10,430,581
Interest expense on securities issued ......................
4,601,930
6,256,561
7,889,345
Interest expense on funds borrowed .......................
1,508,717
1,901,817
4,762,281
Other interest expense............................................. 
477,455 
259,050 
1,847,072 
Total interest expense ....................................... 
27,607,459 
52,991,621 
85,637,033 
Changes in the interest rates that the Group pays on its interest-bearing liabilities significantly affect the Group’s 
interest expense. Most significantly, the Group’s interest-bearing deposits to banks and customers represent the largest 
portion of its liabilities, representing 51%, 48% and 51%, respectively, of its liabilities as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 
2022. As a result, the interest rates that the Group pays on its deposits typically have the largest impact on the Group’s 
interest expense. 
In 2021, the increase in the Group’s total interest expense was principally due to an 88.35% increase in interest 
expense on deposits and a 197.84% increase in interest expense on money market transactions, both as a result of the Central 
Bank’s rate increases from September 2020 to September 2021. In 2022, the increase in the Group’s total interest expense 
was principally due to a 95.74% increase in interest expense on deposits largely as a result of an increase in the volume of 
Turkish Lira deposits. See “Financial Condition - Liabilities” below and “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Group and its 
Business - Market Risks - Interest Rate Risk.” 
For additional information with respect to the Group’s interest expense, including with respect to the size of and 
yield paid on Turkish Lira- and foreign currency-denominated liabilities, see “Selected Statistical and Other 
Information - Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential - Average 
Balance Sheet and Interest Data” and “-Net Changes in Interest Income and Expense - Volume and Rate Analysis.” In 
addition, certain information on the interest rates paid by the Group on its interest-bearing liabilities can be found in 
“Selected Statistical and Other Information - Borrowings and Certain Other Liabilities” below. 
Net Fee and Commission Income 
The Group earns fee and commission income on both capital-intensive products (such as origination fees on cash 
loans and fees for credit cards, letters of credit and guarantees) and non-capital-intensive products (such as investment advice 
and brokerage fees in respect of debt and equity trading). The principal drivers for fee and commission income are the 
payment systems, transaction fees and loan products. 
In 2022, the Group’s net fee and commission income increased by 139.43% from 2021 due to the increase in 
lending. In 2021, the Group’s net fee and commission income increased by 42.62% from 2020 due to the increase in lending. 
The following table sets out the categories of the Group’s fee and commission income and expenses (identified by the 
principal business lines of the Group) and their respective amounts during the indicated years:

--- Page 97 ---
76 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Fee and Commission Income 
Commercial banking....................................
2,128,542
2,884,153
6,786,612
Credit card fees............................................
1,060,478
1,987,516
4,246,568
Retail banking..............................................
391,593
523,986
1,287,513
Investment banking......................................
262,770 
355,215 
725,183 
Total fee and commission income.........
3,843,383 
5,750,870 
13,045,876 
Fee and Commission Expense 
Commercial banking ....................................
859,303 
1,495,052 
2,856,076 
Total fee and commission expense .......
859,303 
1,495,052 
2,856,076 
Net fee and commission income ............
2,984,080 
4,255,818 
10,189,800 
Other Operating Income 
Other operating income includes trading gains/losses, net, net foreign exchange gains, dividend income and other 
items. The Group’s total other operating income (including provision reversals from NPLs) increased by 284.47% in 2022 
from 2021, which itself had decreased by 10.80% from 2020. The following table sets out the Group’s total other operating 
income by category during the indicated years: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands) 
Dividend income ......................................................................
17,633
23,394
57,391
Trading gains/losses, net .........................................................
58,345
(6,197,169)
1,291,770
Foreign exchange gains, net. ....................................................
(2,395,177)
1,943,054
4,471,050
Income from reversal of the impairment losses........................
4,495,139
6,829,661
7,968,066
Earned insurance premiums (net of reinsurance share)............
268,629
-
-
Communication income ...........................................................
16,148
22,335
24,095
Gain on sale of assets ...............................................................
736,126
953,567
1,086,428
Income from private pension business .....................................
39,340
-
-
Rent income .............................................................................
99,219
108,093
12,684
Other operating income ............................................................  
1,535,567 
662,157 
1,794,064 
Total other operating income ...........................................  
4,870,969 
4,345,092 
16,705,548 
In 2020, the largest component of total other operating income was income from reversal of the impairment losses, 
which increased by 52.74% in comparison to the previous year as a result of: (a) a write-off amounting to TL 890,789 
thousand from NPLs (which write-off increased both “other income” due to the resulting reversal of provisions and “other 
expenses” and thus did not have any impact on the Group’s profit and loss in 2020) and (b) the release of both free provisions 
and provisions when loans were transferred from Stage 1 to Stage 2 or Stage 2 to Stage 3, generating expected credit losses. 
The second largest component of total other operating income during 2020 was other operating income, which experienced 
an increase of 204.32% when compared to the previous year. The third largest component of total other operating income in 
2020 was gain on sale of assets, which increased by 133.59% in comparison to the previous year due to the income from the 
sale of Türkiye Sigorta and Türkiye Hayat Emeklilik A.Ş. (“ Türkiye Hayat Emeklilik”). In 2020, the Group experienced a 
trading loss of TL 2,337 million due to short-term swap costs. 
In 2021, the largest component of total other operating income (representing 157.18% of the total) was income from 
the reversal of provisions for loans from previous periods, which increased by 51.93% in comparison to the previous year. 
This increase was principally a result of NPL collections resulting primarily from economic recovery during 2021 in 
comparison to the previous year, which had been depressed due to the uncertain COVID-19 pandemic conditions during 
2020. The second largest component of total other operating income during 2021 (representing 44.72% of the total) was 
foreign exchange gains/losses, net, which increased by 181.12% from the previous year. The third largest component of total 
other operating income during 2021 (representing 21.95% of the total) was gain on sale of assets, which increased by 29.54% 
in comparison to the previous year due to an increase in asset sales.

--- Page 98 ---
77 
In 2022, the largest component of total other operating income (representing 47.70% of the total) was income from 
the reversal of provisions for loans from previous periods, which increased by 16.67% in comparison to the previous year. 
This increase was principally a result of NPL collections resulting primarily from continuing economic recovery during 2022. 
The second largest component of total other operating income during 2022 (representing 26.76% of the total) was foreign 
exchange gains/losses, net, which increased by 130.10% from the previous year. 
The Group’s foreign exchange gains/losses include both realised and unrealised gains/losses, with gains being noted 
in other operating income and losses being included in other operating expenses. The realised gains/losses result from the 
settlement of foreign exchange transactions and derivative transactions, whereas unrealised gains/losses arise from the 
Group’s foreign currency positions. The unrealised gains/losses consist of two parts: unrealised gains/losses on the balance 
sheet position and unrealised gains/losses on the off-balance sheet position. The foreign exchange gains/losses arising from 
the settlement of foreign exchange transactions and the unrealised gains/losses from the balance sheet foreign currency 
position are included under “foreign exchange gains/losses, net” whereas both the realised and unrealised gains/losses on off-
balance sheet transactions and positions (which principally result from derivative transactions) are recorded under “trading 
gains/losses.” Therefore, although the Group did not hold any material foreign exchange net open positions in 2020, 2021 OR 
2022 (considering both on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet positions), “foreign exchange gains/losses, net” varied among 
these years depending upon the balance sheet and off-balance sheet positions in gross terms. In 2022, the Group recorded a 
foreign exchange gain, net of TL 4,471.0 million (included in total other operating income), following a foreign exchange 
gain, net of TL 1,943.1 million (included in total other operating income) in 2021 and a foreign exchange loss, net 
TL 2,395.2 million (included in total other operating income) in 2020. With respect to foreign exchange gains, see 
“-Significant Factors Affecting the Group’s Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Exchange Rates” above. 
Operating Expenses 
The Group’s operating expenses include business expenses such as salaries, benefits, depreciation, advertisement 
and rent expenses, and also include expected credit losses (including provisions for NPLs) and any net foreign exchange and 
trading losses. If the effect of expected credit losses were excluded, then the increases in 2021 and 2022 would have been 
15.53% and 88.83%, respectively. The Group’s operating expenses (including expected credit losses) in 2022 increased by 
180.73% to TL 62.9 billion from TL 22.4 billion in 2021, which itself had increased by 10.18% from TL 20.3 billion in 2020. 
The increases in both 2021 and 2022 were predominantly due to increases in expected credit losses and personnel costs. 
As noted above, as a banking institution, the Group’s management focuses closely on the Group’s efficiency and 
(within the context of maintaining the quality of its services) seeks to decrease its cost-to-income ratio. The Group’s cost-to-
income ratio decreased to 17.90% in 2022 from 33.64% in 2021, which had increased from 29.81% in 2020. In 2021, the 
increase was primarily due to the increase in personnel costs, which increased by 18.79%, which were partially offset by a 
2.40% increase in total revenues. The decrease in 2022 resulted from increases in total revenues, with a particularly strong 
272.68% increase in net interest income, which more than offset the 88.83% increase in operating expenses. 
A similar ratio monitored by the Group is operating expenses (excluding foreign exchange losses) as a percentage of 
average total assets, which ratio increased to 1.34% in 2022 from 1.12% in 2021, which itself had decreased from 1.47% in 
2020. In 2021, the decrease was principally the result of the denominator effect of the increase in the size of the Group’s total 
assets, whereas the increase in 2020 was principally the result of the increasing operating expenses.

--- Page 99 ---
78 
The following table sets out the Group’s total operating expenses (other than impairment losses, net, which are 
discussed separately below) by category during the indicated years: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands) 
Other operating expenses .........................................................
8,421,429
9,729,418
18,371,682
Personnel costs.........................................................................
3,476,315
4,129,500
7,472,658
Reserve for employee termination benefits...............................
95,741
138,008
217,709
Depreciation expenses on tangible assets ................................
473,160
481,757
573,527
Amortisation expenses on intangible assets .............................
37,396
47,115
56,462
Operational lease-related expenses .........................................
81,040
92,072
136,575
Advertisement expenses............................................................
175,359
291,463
558,995
Other ........................................................................................
4,082,418
4,549,503
9,355,756
Expected credit loss ..................................................................  
11,905,590 
12,667,748 
44,504,744 
Total operating expense ....................................................  
20,327,019 
22,397,166 
62,876,426 
Excluding the multi-category “other operating expenses,” the two largest total operating expenses, expected credit losses and 
personnel costs, are discussed in greater detail below. 
Expected Credit Losses 
Asset quality remains an ongoing concern of Turkish banks, including the Bank, given potential risks to economic 
growth, high inflation, the Turkish Lira’s depreciation, interest rate volatility and Türkiye’s financial condition. See “Risk 
Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye – Economic Conditions - Turkish Economy” and “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the 
Group and its Business – Credit Risks.” 
The following table sets out the Group’s expected credit losses by category during each of the indicated years: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(TL thousands)
Expected credit losses ........................................................................  
11,617,157 
11,941,319 
27,203,605 
12 month ECL (Stage 1)................................................................
2,728,984
2,042,036
6,036,427
Significant increase in credit risk (Stage 2) ..................................
4,369,396
6,344,219
14,991,119
Impaired credits (Stage 3).............................................................
4,518,777
3,555,064
6,176,059
Impairment losses on securities........................................................  
14,739 
9,530 
24,928 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss .....
3,005
1
12,747
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ..................................................................
11,734
9,529
12,181 
Impairment losses on associates, subsidiaries and joint-ventures .  
7,183 
16,899 
4,253 
Associates......................................................................................
7,183
16,899
4,253
Subsidiaries...................................................................................
—
—
—
Joint-ventures (business partnership) ...........................................
—
—
—
Others(1) ..............................................................................................  
266,511 
700,000 
17,271,958 
Total .............................................................................................  
11,905,590 
12,667,748 
44,504,744 
 
 
 
 
(1) In 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Bank set aside TL 220,000 thousand, TL 700,000 thousand and TL 17,228,000 thousand, respectively, in free provisions. 
See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group and its Business – Audit Qualification.” 
The Bank recognises provisions for impairment by applying the ECL model under TFRS 9 according to the 
Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation. The ECL model is applied to financial assets measured at amortised cost 
or financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (e.g., placements, loans and leasing 
receivables), loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts. The forward-looking ECL approach forms an impairment 
model that has three stages based upon the change in credit quality since initial recognition. The ECLs are measured as an 
allowance equal to either 12-month ECL for Stage 1 assets or lifetime ECL for Stage 2 (significant increase in credit risk) or 
Stage 3 (credit-impaired) assets. An asset moves from Stage 1 to Stage 2 when its credit risk increases significantly since

--- Page 100 ---
79 
initial recognition. See Section Three of the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2022. 
In 2022, the Group’s income from the reversal of impairment losses increased by 16.67% to TL 7,968.1 million 
from TL 6,829.7 million in 2021, itself an increase of 51.93% from TL 4,495.1 million in 2020. 
The Group’s nominal NPLs as of 31 December 2022 were TL 20,835,536 thousand, an 8.86% increase from 
TL 19,139,928 thousand as of 31 December 2021, itself a 6.75% increase from TL 17,930,171 thousand as of 31 December 
2020. The Group’s NPL ratio decreased to 2.14% as of 31 December 2022 from 3.14% as of 31 December 2021, which had 
decreased from 3.99% as of 31 December 2020. These changes in the Group’s NPL ratio were principally due, in both 2021 
and 2022, to the denominator effect of the growth in loans. 
The Group’s restructured loans were TL 47.2 thousand as of 31 December 2022, increasing from TL 26,928,412 
thousand as of 31 December 2021 and TL 17,356,199 thousand as of 31 December 2020, which increases were due primarily 
to the BRSA’s easing some regulations on restructured loans and adverse macroeconomic conditions. Stage 2 (Significant 
increase in credit risk) loans amounted to TL 108.2 thousand as of 31 December 2022, TL 73,943,228 thousand as of 
31 December 2021 and TL 42,790,050 thousand as of 31 December 2020 and the ratio of the Group’s Stage 2 loans to 
performing cash loans ratio was 11.36%, 12.54% and 9.91%, respectively, as of such dates. 
As of 31 December 2020, the shares of: (a) Stage 2 (significant increase in credit risk) loans and (b) Stage 3 loans 
(credit-impaired) within the restructured loans were 88.91% and 8.81%, respectively. As of 31 December 2021, the 
corresponding figures were 91.61% and 7.97%, respectively, Stage 2 loans increasing to 94.18% and Stage 3 loans 
decreasing to 5.64% as of 31 December 2022. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s specific provisions on loans and other receivables increased by 73.73% (to 
TL 6,176,059 thousand) as compared to 31 December 2021 due to the increase in NPLs, which itself had decreased by 
21.33% (to TL 3,555,064 thousand) from 31 December 2020 due to the decrease in NPLs. 
Personnel costs. The Group’s operating expenses include the salaries and wages that it pays to its employees. 
Personnel costs increased by 10.68% to TL 3.5 billion in 2020, which was followed by an increase of 18.79% to TL 4.1 
billion in 2021. In total, 161, 149 and 132 employees of the Bank retired in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, while the total 
number of existing employees was 16,835, 16,748 and 16,929, respectively, in such years. The increases in the Group’s 
personnel costs resulted mainly from inflation, with the CPI increasing by 14.60% in 2020, 36.08% in 2021 and 64.27% in 
2022. 
Taxation Charge 
The Group is subject to different forms of income taxation in each market in which it has operations, although the 
principal driver is Turkish taxation of the Group’s taxable income. Taxation and duties other than on income are included in 
operating expenses whereas taxation on income is applied to profit/loss before taxes from continuing operations in order to 
determine the Group’s net profit. Income taxation charges for 2022 totalled TL 13,643.6 million, which was a 959.98% 
increase from TL 1,287.2 million in 2021, itself a 18.39% decrease from TL 1,577.2 million in 2020. The Group’s taxation 
charges for 2020, 2021 and 2022 included deferred tax income amounting to positive TL 460.4 million, negative TL 896.1 
million and positive TL 6,397,464 million, respectively. 
The Group’s effective tax rate (calculated based upon its reported taxation charge divided by its profit/loss before 
taxes from continuing operations) was 19.91%, 19.71% and 34.31% for 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Taxes on income 
from the Group’s non-Turkish operations were immaterial during such periods. In 2020, the change in the Group’s effective 
income tax rate was as a result of free provisions and the valuation of mark-to-market securities. In 2021, the change in the 
Group’s effective income tax rate was primarily due to the decrease in mark-to-market gains from derivative transactions. For 
more information on the Group’s taxation, see note 5.4.11 in the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for 
the year ended 31 December 2022.

--- Page 101 ---
80 
Financial Condition 
The following summary balance sheet data for each of the indicated dates have been extracted from the Group’s 
BRSA Annual Financial Statements without material adjustment and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s BRSA 
Annual Financial Statements (including the notes therein). 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
% of 
Total 
2021 
% of 
Total 
2022 
% of 
Total 
Assets
(TL thousands, except for percentages)
Cash and cash equivalents......................................
93,207,242
13.09%
144,172,545
14.01%
268,975,314
15.76%
Banks......................................................................
3,092,180
0.43%
21,625,296
2.10%
28,760,678
1.68%
Loans(1)................................................................... 431,944,605
60.66%
589,615,163
57.31%
952,481,717
55.80%
Investment securities .............................................. 150,133,458
21.08%
229,407,484
22.30%
379,643,214
22.24%
Investment in equity participations.........................
1,883,828
0.26%
2,825,837
0.27%
5,028,626
0.29%
Tangible assets, net.................................................
4,896,410
0.69%
4,141,051
0.40%
11,683,247
0.68%
Other assets ............................................................
26,932,794 
3.78% 
37,113,722 
3.61% 
60,459,061 
3.54% 
Total assets ........................................................ 712,090,517 
100.00% 
1,028,901,098 
100.00% 
1,707,031,857 
100.00% 
Liabilities
Deposits from banks...............................................
23,033,197
3.23%
33,227,916
3.23%
78,097,475
4.58%
Deposits from customers........................................ 394,488,685
55.40%
562,582,062
54.68%
1,054,000,268
61.74%
Obligations under repurchase agreements..............
57,225,320
8.04%
142,091,998
13.81%
137,754,703
8.07%
Borrowings.............................................................
51,688,995
7.26%
98,436,671
9.57%
139,368,819
8.16%
Debt securities issued .............................................
46,154,523
6.48%
62,537,627
6.08%
71,078,119
4.16%
Other liabilities and accrued expenses....................
92,347,710 
12.97% 
75,824,796 
7.37% 
120,206,945 
7.04% 
Total liabilities................................................... 664,938,430 
93.38% 
974,701,070 
94.73% 
1,600,506,329 
93.76% 
Total shareholders’ equity and minority 
interest ...........................................................
47,152,087 
6.62% 
54,200,028 
5.27% 
106,525,528 
6.24% 
Total liabilities, shareholders’ equity and 
minority interest ........................................... 712,090,517 
100.00% 
1,028,901,098 
100.00% 
1,707,031,857 
100.00% 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
Loans refer to total performing loans. 
The following summarises the Group’s assets, liabilities and shareholders’ equity as extracted from its BRSA 
Annual Financial Statements without any material adjustment. 
Assets 
The Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2022 were TL 1,707.0 billion, an increase of 65.91% from TL 1,028.9 
billion as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase of 44.49% from TL 712.1 billion as of 31 December 2020. Cash and cash 
equivalent balances represented 13.09%, 14.01% and 15.76% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 
2022, respectively, as most of the Group’s funds are invested in interest-earning assets. The following describes the Group’s 
loans to banks, loans to customers and investment securities, which jointly represented 82.18%, 81.70% and 79.72% of the 
Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
Loans. Loans represented 60.66%, 57.31% and 55.80% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2020, 2021 
and 2022, respectively. The Group’s loans amounted to TL 952.5 billion as of 31 December 2022, an increase of 61.54% 
from TL 589.6 billion as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase of 36.50% from TL 431.9 billion as of 31 December 2020. 
The following table summarises the Group’s loans as of the indicated dates:

--- Page 102 ---
81 
As of 31 December 
2020 
% of 
Total 
2021 
% of 
Total 
2022 
% of 
Total 
(TL thousands, except for percentages) 
Consumer loans....................................................................
107,373,109
24.86%
124,753,884
21.16%
178,275,435
18.72%
Mortgage loans ...............................................................
40,613,169
9.40%
48,263,833
8.19%
54,027,097
5.67%
Auto loans.......................................................................
478,516
0.11%
600,326
0.10%
3,395,265
0.36%
General purpose loans.....................................................
49,527,971
11.47%
49,893,053
8.46%
59,444,465
6.24%
Overdraft checking accounts...........................................
5,599,393
1.30%
9,027,685
1.53%
18,452,865
1.94%
Retail credit cards ...........................................................
11,154,060
2.58%
16,968,987
2.88%
42,955,743
4.51%
Manufacturing......................................................................
83,027,588
19.22%
118,229,167
20.05%
229,342,129
24.08%
Transportation and telecommunication ................................
48,418,802
11.21%
74,558,206
12.65%
102,955,898
10.81%
Wholesale and retail trade....................................................
58,080,392
13.45%
73,444,817
12.46%
128,410,141
13.48%
Construction.........................................................................
41,169,434
9.53%
63,825,821
10.82%
93,442,512
9.81%
Financial Institutions............................................................
8,622,109
2.00%
11,217,119
1.90%
24,102,614
2.53%
Business credit cards............................................................
3,483,313
0.81%
6,631,482
1.12%
13,458,696
1.41%
Hotel, food and beverages....................................................
14,975,711
3.47%
21,743,941
3.69%
32,977,159
3.46%
Agriculture...........................................................................
3,110,817
0.72%
4,650,718
0.79%
11,544,402
1.21%
Health and social services ....................................................
4,422,847
1.02%
4,530,596
0.77%
6,650,120
0.70%
Others...................................................................................
59,260,483
13.72%
86,029,412
14.59%
131,322,611
13.79%
Total performing loans..................................................
431,944,605
100.00%
589,615,163
100.00%
952,481,717
100.00%
NPLs....................................................................................
17,930,171
4.19%
19,139,928
3.29%
20,835,536
2.24%
Allowance for expected credit losses ...................................
(22,145,495)
(5.18)%
(26,594,761)
(4.57%)
(42,460,111)
(4.56%)
Receivables from leasing transactions..................................
3,271,010
0.76%
4,981,331
0.86%
8,423,977
0.90%
Factoring receivables ...........................................................
5,751,740
1.34%
7,073,817
1.22%
22,663,661
2.43%
Loans ..............................................................................
427,729,281
582,160,330
930,857,142
Both in 2021 and 2022, the growth principally resulted from increases in Turkish Lira-denominated commercial 
loans, SME loans and retail loans. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management expects that the growth 
rate of the Group’s loans will be limited in 2023 compared to 2022 due to a normalisation in lending after the rapid growth of 
the previous years. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s NPLs increased by 8.86% to TL 20,853.5 billion from TL 19.1 billion as of 
31 December 2021, itself a 6.75% increase from TL 17.9 billion as of 31 December 2020. In both 2021 and 2022, there was 
limited increase in the nominal amount of NPLs as a result of: (a) the BRSA’s temporary relief for recognition of NPLs and 
Stage 2 loans introduced as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic as described above and (b) the denominator effect of the 
growth in loans. As of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, provisions representing 123.51%, 138.95% and 203.79%, 
respectively, of the amount of total NPLs had been set aside. 
The proportion of the Group’s NPLs to total performing loans was 4.15%, 3.25% and 2.19% as of 31 December 
2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. The ratio of the Group’s NPLs to total cash and non-cash loans was 3.33%, 2.43% and 
1.45%, respectively, as of such dates. 
In 2021, the Bank’s loans, which constituted 56.96% of the Bank’s total assets as of 31 December 2021, grew by 
35.93%, reflecting: (a) significant growth in Turkish Lira-denominated loans, principally in SME and commercial loans and 
retail loans, and (b) a 2.70% decrease in U.S. dollar terms of foreign currency-denominated loans, which resulted in a 75.01% 
increase in the Turkish Lira-equivalent amount due to the depreciation of the Turkish Lira. 
In 2022, the Bank’s loan portfolio increased by 62.68%, which growth was principally driven by growth in Turkish 
Lira-denominated corporate loans, SME loans and retail loans. 
For additional information on the Group’s loan portfolio, including its NPLs and related provisions, see note 5.1.5 in 
the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 and “Selected Statistical and 
Other Information-Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity; Interest Rates and Interest 
Differential - Average Balance Sheet and Interest Data” and “-Loan Portfolio - Types of Loans,” “-Loan Portfolio-Risk 
Elements” and “-Summary of Loan Loss Experience.” 
Investment Securities. Investment securities, principally Turkish government securities, have historically represented 
a significant portion of the Group’s assets. As of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, investment securities represented 
21.08%, 22.30% and 22.24%, respectively, of the Group’s total assets. In 2021, the 52.80% increase was due to: (a) a 32.05%

--- Page 103 ---
82 
increase in the Turkish Lira-denominated securities portfolio and (b) a 132.22% increase in CPI-linked bonds. In 2022, the 
65.49% increase was primarily due to: (i) a 109.81% increase in the Turkish Lira-denominated securities portfolio and (ii0 a 
74.70% increase in CPI-linked bonds. The following table provides information as to the breakdown of the Group’s 
investment securities portfolio as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2020 
% of 
Total 
2021 
% of 
Total 
2022 
% of Total 
(TL thousands, except for percentages)
Securities available-for-sale
Turkish government bonds in TL........
79,838,877
55.96%
132,669,045
62.34%
194,185,167
53.60%
Eurobonds (Turkish government) .......
-
-
-
-
-
-
Foreign government bonds in FC........
1,667,726
1.17%
3,267,785
1.54%
4,285,953
1.18%
Bonds issued by foreign banks............
2,403,163
1.68%
2,994,869
1.41%
5,077,770
1.40%
Corporate bonds..................................
-
-
-
-
-
-
Equity share ........................................
18,160 
0.01% 
21,978 
0.01% 
134,589 
0.04% 
Total securities available-for-sale.
83,927,925 
58.82% 
138,953,677 
65.29% 
203,683,479 
56.22% 
Securities held-to-maturity
Turkish government bonds in TL........
44,159,655
30.95%
48,358,190
22.72%
124,497,259
34.37%
Certificate of deposits .........................
245,198
0.17%
327,011
0.15%
265,922
0.07%
Foreign government bonds in FC........
-
-
-
-
-
-
Bonds issued by foreign banks............
14,342,399 
10.05% 
25,176,782 
11.83% 
33,829,671 
9.34% 
Total securities held-to-maturity..
58,747,252 
41.18% 
73,861,983 
34.71% 
158,592,852 
43.78% 
Total investment securities..............
142,675,177 
100.00% 
212,815,660 
100.00% 
362,276,331 
100.00% 
Securities issued by the Turkish Treasury represented 86.91%, 85.06% and 87.97% of the Group’s securities 
portfolio (excluding trading securities) as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
As of 31 December 2021, the share of the Group’s financial assets measured at amortised cost decreased to 34.71% 
from 41.18% as of 31 December 2020 and total investment securities held in its financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income portfolio increased to 65.29% from 58.82% from 31 December 2020, both increasing 
again to 43.78% and 56.22%, respectively, as of 31 December 2022. 
Pursuant to Turkish market practice, the Group pledges securities to acquire funding under security repurchase 
agreements. The Group utilises such funding depending upon the difference in rates paid on deposits compared to Central 
Bank rates, which vary based upon market conditions as well as Central Bank policy. The fair value of securities so pledged 
amounted to TL 50.4 billion as of 31 December 2020, TL 60.6 billion as of 31 December 2021 and TL 64.2 billion as of 
31 December 2022, comprising 35.35%, 28.47% and 17.73%, respectively, of the Group’s total securities portfolio 
(excluding trading securities). 
For additional information on the Group’s investment securities portfolio, see note 5.1.6 in the Group’s BRSA 
Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 and “Selected Statistical and Other 
Information - Investment Portfolio.” 
Liabilities 
The Group’s total liabilities as of 31 December 2022 were TL 1,600.5 billion, an increase of 64.20% from TL 974.7 
billion as of 31 December 2021, which itself was an increase of 46.59% from TL 665.0 billion as of 31 December 2020. 
The Group’s TL 1,016.0 billion in average interest-bearing liabilities during 2022 resulted primarily from TL 385.6 
billion and TL 274.8 billion in average time deposits of customers that do not bear foreign currency risk and that bear foreign 
currency risk, respectively, TL 143.9 billion in average obligations under repurchase agreements and TL 118.9 billion in 
average borrowings. Where the average is referenced with respect to a category of liabilities (e.g., average time deposits), 
then this ratio is calculated with respect to such category of liability by averaging the relevant amount as of balance sheet date 
immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any year, 31 December of the previous year) and that at the 
end of the period and dividing by two.

--- Page 104 ---
83 
The following summarises the three principal categories of the Group’s liabilities - deposits, obligations under 
repurchase agreements and loans from banks. 
Deposits. Deposits, principally short-term and demand, have been and are expected to continue to be the most 
important source of funding for the Group. The Group’s deposits from customers (including accrued interest expense) 
amounted to TL 1,054.0 billion as of 31 December 2022, an increase of 87.35% from TL 562.6 billion as of 31 December 
2021, itself an increase of 42.61% from TL 394.5 billion as of 31 December 2020. The share of deposits from customers in 
total liabilities has historically been relatively constant, representing 59.33% as of 31 December 2020 and 57.72% as of 
31 December 2021, reflecting a 67.95% increase in foreign currency-denominated deposits as a result of the volatility in the 
value of the Turkish Lira and the resulting continuing “dollarisation” of the Turkish economy in 2021. In 2022, the share was 
40.09%, which change reflected a 4.89% decrease in foreign currency-denominated deposits as a result of the introduction by 
the government of foreign exchange-indexed deposits, which are Turkish Lira deposits benefiting from protection against 
depreciation (totalling TL 132 billion as of year end 2022). Foreign currency total deposits (principally U.S. dollars and euro) 
represented 48.69%, 57.30% and 40.09% of the Group’s total deposits as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
For additional information on the Group’s deposits, see note 5.2.1 in the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of 
and for the year ended 31 December 2022 and “Selected Statistical and Other Information - Deposits.” 
Obligations under Repurchase Agreements. Obligations under repurchase agreements amounted to TL 137.8 billion 
as of 31 December 2022, comprising 8.07% of the Group’s total liabilities as compared to 13.81% as of 31 December 2021 
and 8.04% as of 31 December 2020. The share of the outstanding balances of such transactions in the Group’s balance sheet 
changes depending upon the relative costs of funding in the market. 
Loans from Banks. As deposits are generally of a short-term duration, the Group has obtained wholesale funding on 
a more limited basis principally to better match the maturity and currency of its longer-term assets. This funding has included 
(among others) syndicated bank loans and “future flow” transactions using certain of the wire transfers and other remittances 
received by the Bank from its correspondent banks and other senders of such transfers. Funds obtained from banks amounted 
to TL 139.4 billion as of 31 December 2022, constituting 8.71% of the Group’s total liabilities as compared to 10.10% as of 
31 December 2021 and 7.77% as of 31 December 2020. It is important to note that a portion of these liabilities (either when 
incurred or as a result of aging) are themselves short-term (as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, 56.70%, 39.73% and 
74.30%, respectively, of the value of loans from banks had a remaining term-to-maturity of one year or less). 
For additional information on the Group’s loans from banks, see note 5.2.3 in the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial 
Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 and “Selected Statistical and Other Information – Borrowings and 
Certain Other Liabilities.” 
Shareholders’ Equity 
The Group’s total shareholders’ equity including minority interest amounted to TL106.5 billion as of 31 December 
2022, an increase of 96.54% from TL 54.2 billion as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase of 14.95% from TL 47.2 billion 
as of 31 December 2020. Shareholders’ equity principally changes as a result of the Group’s net profit and changes in the 
amount of valuation differences of marketable securities (which changes are not included in income). The following table 
summarises the components of the Group’s shareholders’ equity and minority interest as of the indicated dates:

--- Page 105 ---
84 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Paid-in capital..................................................
3,905,622
3,905,622
7,111,364
Share premium.................................................
6,303,347
6,303,367
16,469,500
Other capital reserves ......................................
(37,820)
(110,744)
(63,177)
Other accumulated comprehensive income .....
2,983,492
4,521,258
17,469,702
Legal reserves..................................................
2,829,063
3,536,959
3,999,937
Status reserves .................................................
6,337
6,337
6,337
Extraordinary reserves.....................................
22,063,017
26,926,008
31,904,601
Other profit reserves ........................................
1,806,533
2,698,984
1,569,834
Profit or loss.....................................................
6,545,561
5,197,169
26,250,691
Non-controlling interest ................................... 
746,935 
1,215,068 
1,806,739 
Total shareholders’ equity and non-
controlling interest ..................................... 
47,152,087 
54,200,028 
106,525,528 
While the size of paid-in capital remained unchanged as of 31 December 2021 from 31 December 2020, paid-in 
capital increased to TL 7,111,364 thousand in March 2022 following the Türkiye Wealth Fund’s contribution of an additional 
TL 13.4 billion in capital to the Bank on 21 March 2022 through the purchase of additional shares of common stock. On 
29 March 2023, the Türkiye Wealth Fund contributed an additional TL 32.0 billion in capital to the Bank through the 
purchase of additional shares of common stock. 
For additional information on the Group’s shareholders’ equity and minority interest, see note 5.2.11 in the Group’s 
BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022. In addition, see “Capital Adequacy” 
below. 
Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Contingencies 
In the normal course of business in order to meet the needs of its customers and to hedge the Group’s own positions 
(and generally not for speculative purposes), the Group enters into certain off-balance sheet transactions. These transactions 
expose the Group to credit risk that is not reflected on the Group’s balance sheet. The Group applies to these transactions the 
same credit policies in making commitments and assuming conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet 
transactions, including the requirement to obtain collateral when it is considered necessary. 
The most significant category of such transactions includes letters of guarantee, letters of credit and other support 
that the Group provides to its import and export customers, as well as off-balance sheet exposure for the Group’s 
commitments to make loans to its borrowers, derivatives and other transactions. For detailed information on the Group’s off-
balance sheet commitments and contingencies, see note 5.3 in the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for 
the year ended 31 December 2022. The following table summarises the Group’s exposure under the principal categories of its 
off-balance sheet exposures as of the indicated dates:

--- Page 106 ---
85 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Letters of guarantee ................................................................
75,423,827
134,080,035
220,871,661
Letters of credit.......................................................................
20,921,424
48,845,562
49,308,922
Acceptance credits..................................................................
5,115,792
9,579,308
3,679,646
Other guarantees .....................................................................
1,015,159 
951,021 
5,496,002 
Total non-cash loans.......................................................... 
102,476,202 
193,455,926 
279,356,231 
Credit card commitments........................................................
21,320,698
30,687,962
81,979,697
Loan granting commitments ...................................................
26,088,692
34,017,673
60,805,000
Revocable commitments.........................................................
45,645,811
77,833,074
125,969,619
Others......................................................................................
21,426,782 
25,686,401 
77,166,509 
Total commitments ...........................................................
114,481,983 
168,225,110 
345,920,825 
Total commitments and contingencies ............................ 
216,958,185 
361,681,036 
625,277,056 
Derivatives..............................................................................
230,681,725 
349,359,299 
404,075,112 
Total off-balance sheet exposures .................................... 
447,639,910 
711,040,335 
1,029,352,168 
The following summarises the three principal categories of the Group’s off-balance sheet exposures - letters of 
credit and similar transactions, derivatives and unfunded commitments to borrowers under credit facilities. 
Letters of Credit and Similar Transactions. As part of its normal banking operations, the Group issues (or confirms) 
letters of credit and issues guarantee letters and acceptance credits. Most of these are issued (or confirmed) in connection 
with the export and trade finance-related activities of the Group’s customers. Letters of guarantee, letters of credit, 
acceptance credits and other commitments make up the Group’s commitments and contingencies, which amounted to 
TL 625.3 billion as of 31 December 2022, an increase of 72.88% from TL 361.7 billion as of 31 December 2021, itself an 
increase of 66.71% from TL 217.0 billion as of 31 December 2020. In both 2021 and 2022, the increase was primarily the 
result of increases in the letters of guarantee, acceptance credits and revocable commitments provided by the Bank in 
connection with trade-related transactions. 
The Group generates significant amounts of fees from these transactions while incurring a very small amount of 
credit losses thereon as almost all of these transactions expire without any need for payment by the Group (for example, a 
letter of credit that expires when the related buyer of goods makes its payment to the seller). 
Other Commitments and Contingencies. The Group’s other commitments and contingencies totalled TL 345.9 
billion as of 31 December 2022, an increase of 105.63% from TL 168.2 billion as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase of 
46.94% from TL 114.5 billion as of 31 December 2020. Among other items, these include unfunded commitments to 
borrowers under credit facilities and lines of credit available to credit cardholders, with the total increasing over 2021 and 
2022 due largely to continued growth in the Group’s customer-facing businesses. 
Derivatives. The Group’s exposure to derivative transactions arises principally in connection with customer-dealing 
and funding activities. The Group also enters into certain derivatives transactions in order to hedge its currency, interest rate 
and other risks. The Group enters into derivatives transactions with domestic and foreign counterparties that it considers to be 
creditworthy (mostly with an investment grade rating) or, in most cases, that are fully secured. As of 31 December 2022, the 
Group’s commitments arising from derivatives amounted to TL 404.1 billion, a 15.66% increase from TL 349.4 billion as of 
31 December 2021, itself a 51.45% increase from TL 230.7 billion as of 31 December 2020. 
In 2021 and 2022, customer demand for hedging instruments increased, which was the main reason behind the 
growth of the Group’s derivatives volume. In addition to note 5.3.5 to the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of 
and for the year ended 31 December 2022, see “Selected Statistical and Other Information - Derivative Transactions” for a 
breakdown of the Group’s commitments arising from derivatives. 
Governments in the United States, Europe and elsewhere have made or are expected to make changes in laws 
relating to derivatives transactions, including how they settle. The Bank’s management does not anticipate that such changes 
will have a material adverse effect on its ability to obtain reasonably-priced hedges for its currency, interest rate and other 
risks; however, the volatility in the markets in recent years has made certain derivatives more expensive than in previous 
years and such increased costs might make the Group’s hedging operations less cost-effective.

--- Page 107 ---
86 
Capital Adequacy 
Each of the Bank and the Group is required to comply with capital adequacy guidelines promulgated by the BRSA, 
which are based upon the standards established by the Bank of International Settlements. These guidelines require banks to 
maintain adequate levels of regulatory capital against risk-bearing assets and off-balance sheet exposures. 
Both the Bank and the Group maintain regulatory capital adequacy ratios in excess of the regulatory minimums 
required and recommended levels. The Group’s and the Bank’s total capital adequacy ratios were 14.34% and 15.19%, 
respectively, as of 31 December 2022, 14.72% and 14.85%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and 16.05% and 16.44%, 
respectively, as of 31 December 2020. The Group maintains a tier 1 capital ratio on both a Bank-only and consolidated basis 
in excess of the regulatory minimums. The Group’s and the Bank’s common equity tier 1 (“CET1”) regulatory capital 
adequacy ratios were 10.82% and 11.52%, respectively, as of 31 December 2022, 9.98% and 9.96%, respectively, as of 
31 December 2021 and 11.34% and 11.59%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020. 
The following table sets forth the calculation of the Group’s capital adequacy ratios as of each of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Common equity tier 1 capital ...........................................
46,728,139
55,585,142
107,320,883
Additional tier 1 capital....................................................
11,397,014
15,638,650
18,979,365
Supplementary capital (tier 2) ..........................................  
8,064,303 
10,737,360 
15,978,208 
Total capital before deductions..................................  
66,189,456 
81,961,152 
142,278,456 
Deductions from capital ...................................................
(11,112) 
(10,793) 
(22,602) 
Total capital.................................................................  
66,178,344 
81,950,359 
142,255,854 
Value at credit risk ...........................................................
383,288,529
514,843,388
946,397,457
Value at market risk .........................................................
3,427,699
9,769,976
9,909,960
Value at operational risk...................................................
25,510,114 
32,231,733 
35,687,845 
Total risk-weighted assets ..........................................  
412,226,342 
556,845,097 
991,995,262 
Common equity tier 1 regulatory capital adequacy ratio..
11.34%
9.98%
10.82%
Total capital adequacy ratio..............................................
16.05%
14.72%
14.34%
In accordance with the Capital Adequacy Regulation, the “Regulation on Capital of Banks” and the “Regulation on 
Measurement and Evaluation of Leverage Level of Banks” issued by the BRSA, the Group calculates its capital adequacy 
ratio and leverage ratio under Basel III regulations. 
The Group’s capital ratios for all three years reflect: (a) a 0% risk weight to foreign exchange reserves required to be 
held with the Central Bank, (b) the 0% risk weight provided to the guaranteed portion of the loans guaranteed by the KGF (as 
further described under “Turkish Regulatory Environment - Credit Guarantee Fund”) as such guarantee limits the credit risk 
and (c) the 0% risk weight provided under Basel III to Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish 
government. In 2021, the Group’s total capital adequacy ratio decreased by 133 basis points due to the decline in profitability 
and the depreciation of the Turkish Lira. In 2022, the Group’s total capital adequacy ratio decreased by 38 basis points due to 
the depreciation of the Turkish Lira and loan growth. 
In February 2017, the Bank issued a Tier 2 subordinated note offering for US$227,605,000 of Basel III-compliant 
subordinated notes due 2027. The Bank exercised its call option on this notes in 2022, which thus are not included in the 
Bank’s or the Group’s financial statements for 31 December 2022 or thereafter. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the BRSA introduced regulatory forbearance measures that allow banks to 
use the average of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates during the 252 business days before the calculation date 
(on 21 December 2021, the BRSA announced that banks shall (if using this approach) use the average of the Central Bank’s 
foreign exchange buying rates during the 252 business days ending on 31 December 2021; on 28 April 2022, the BRSA 
amended this rule so that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange

--- Page 108 ---
87 
buying rates as of 31 December 2021 in certain capital and other calculations) when calculating the risk-weighted amounts of 
credit risk exposures until such date as determined by the Central Bank. On 31 January 2023 the BRSA further amended this 
rule so that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as 
of 30 December 2022 (i.e., TL 18.6983/US$1) in certain capital and other calculations. See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment – Capital Adequacy.” 
Please see: (a) “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye - Economic Conditions - Turkish Economy” with respect to 
the negative impact on the capital ratios resulting from the depreciation of the Turkish Lira and positive (but likely 
temporary) impacts of certain regulatory accommodations provided by the BRSA and (b) “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to 
Türkiye - Economic Conditions - Inflation” with respect to the potential distorting impact of high inflation, including the use 
of non-inflation-adjusted figures in the BRSA Financial Statements. 
Liquidity and Funding 
The Group manages its assets and liabilities to seek to ensure that it has sufficient liquidity to meet its present and 
future financial obligations and that it is able to take advantage of appropriate business opportunities as they arise. Liquidity 
risk represents the potential for loss as a result of limitations on the Group’s ability to adjust future cash flows to meet the 
needs of depositors and borrowers and to fund operations on a timely and cost-effective basis. Financial obligations arise 
from withdrawals of deposits, repurchase transactions, extensions of loans or other forms of credit and the Group’s own 
working capital needs. 
The ability to maintain or replace interest-bearing deposits is a key factor in determining liquidity requirements, as 
well as the exposure to interest and exchange rate risks. The Group’s principal sources of funding are short-term and demand 
deposits and the Group has developed a diversified and stable deposit base in each of its retail, commercial, corporate and 
SME business lines. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management believes that funds from the Group’s 
deposit-taking operations generally will continue to meet its liquidity needs for the foreseeable future; however, maturities of 
large borrowings or securities offerings do from time to time require the Group to have sufficient liquidity on hand, which 
does require the Group to closely monitor market conditions for potential opportunities to obtain replacement financing on a 
cost-effective basis. As of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Group’s ratio of performing loans to customers to deposits 
(including bank deposits) was 103.45%, 98.96% and 84.13%, respectively. For additional information on deposits, see 
“Selected Statistical and Other Information - Deposits.” 
Through 2020, the Bank continued to focus on raising long-term funds in the international debt capital markets, 
resulting in a ratio of non-deposit funding from international markets to total liabilities of 18% as of 31 December 2020. In 
2021, the Bank continued to raise long-term non-deposit funding from international debt capital markets, resulting in the 
share of foreign currency-denominated funding further increasing to 20% of total liabilities as of 31 December 2021, which 
then decresed to 13% as of 31 December 2022 as a result of the increase in the cost of international funding. 
To a lesser extent, the Group also funds its operations through short-term and long-term borrowings, eurobond 
issuances and other domestic and international transactions. The Bank uses the relationships that it develops with its 
correspondent banks in connection with international payment and trade-related finance activities to raise funds from the 
syndicated loan markets. The Bank has also capitalised on its ability to generate foreign currency-denominated payments 
from abroad (such as diversified payment rights) by tapping international capital markets through “future flow” transactions. 
See “Selected Statistical and Other Information - Borrowings and Certain Other Liabilities.” 
The Bank is subject to the BRSA’s regulations on the measurement of the liquidity adequacy of a bank. The 
Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios was published in order to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level of 
unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets that can be converted into cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day 
period. According to this regulation, the liquidity coverage ratio of banks is not permitted to fall below 100% on an aggregate 
basis and 80% on a foreign currency-only basis. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment - Capital Adequacy.” The Bank’s 
average weekly and monthly liquidity ratios during the indicated years are shown below: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Average weekly total liquidity ratio.......................................
101.00%
149.35%
133.99%
Average monthly total liquidity ratio.....................................
84.97%
121.47%
114.08%

--- Page 109 ---
88 
The following tables set out the calculation of the Group’s liquidity analysis as of the indicated dates, in each case, 
based upon BRSA year-end consolidated figures. 
31 December 2022 
Demand 
Up to 1 
Month 
1-3 Months 
3 – 12 
Months 
1 – 5 Years 
5 Years and 
Over 
Undistributed 
Total 
Assets
(TL thousands)
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, money 
in transit, checks purchased) and 
Balances with the Central Bank of 
Türkiye .........................................
251,197,705
17,777,609
-
-
-
-
-
268,975,314
Due from banks ..................................
23,447,976
2,016,560
3,296,033
-
109
-
-
28,760,678
Financial assets measured at fair value 
through profit/loss.........................
265,682
6,739
9,373
9,632
16,478,799
113,196
483,462
17,366,883
Money market placements ..................
-
12,096,010
-
-
-
-
-
12,096,010
Financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income
-
3,668,132
4,192,977
61,286,667
88,631,232
45,769,882
134,589
203,683,479
Loans..................................................
-
90,903,381
92,325,312
250,227,818
304,092,813
214,932,393
20,835,536
973,317,253
Financial assets measured at amortised 
cost .....................................................
-
206,972
3,049,979
11,943,469
71,803,378
71,589,054
-
158,592,852
Other assets ......................................... 
1,916,834 
9,831,102 
4,568,418 
430,375 
9,066,925 
9,196,005 
9,229,729 
44,239,388 
Total assets................................... 
276,828,197 
136,506,505 
107,442,092 
323,897,961 
490,073,256 
341,600,530 
30,683,316 
1,707,031,857 
Liabilities
Interbank deposits...............................
3,039,064
68,496,142
6,513,088
49,181
-
-
-
78,097,475
Other deposits...........................
256,717,323
598,816,748
149,262,786
45,698,685
3,431,711
73,015
-
1,054,000,268
Funds provided from other financial 
instruments....................................
-
5,834,463
5,028,743
51,490,638
51,912,657
25,102,318
-
139,368,819
Money market takings.........................
-
61,719,001
55,196,633
11,819,830
9,996,336
342,189
-
139,073,989
Marketable securities issued ...............
-
14,552,197
3,881,592
2,993,178
64,127,079
9,567,359
-
95,121,405
Miscellaneous payables ......................
59,637
25,465,645
235,381
449,871
1,128,671
-
15,326,906
42,666,111
Other liabilities ...................................
666,976 
1,464,845 
9,194,651 
443,516 
1,941,640 
3,217,812 
141,774,350 
158,703,790 
Total liabilities ............................. 
260,483,000 
776,349,041 
229,312,874 
112,944,899 
132,538,094 
38,302,693 
157,101,256 
1,707,031,857 
Liquidity gap................................ 
16,345,197 
(639,842,536) 
(121,870,782) 
210,953,062 
357,535,162 
303,297,837 
(126,417,940) 
-
 
31 December 2021 
 
Demand 
Up to 1 
Month 
1-3 Months 
3 – 12 
Months 
1 – 5 Years 
5 Years and 
Over 
Undistributed 
Total 
Assets
(TL thousands)
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, money 
in transit, checks purchased) and 
Balances with the Central Bank of 
Türkiye .........................................
144,172,545
-
-
-
-
-
-
144,172,545
Due from banks ..................................
20,370,518
134,941
812,580
307,252
5
-
-
21,625,296
Financial assets measured at fair value 
through profit/loss.........................
62,619
3,616,623
3,147
645,747
11,807,732
-
455,956
16,591,824
Money market placements ..................
-
-
6,914,400
3,499
-
-
-
6,917,899
Financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income
-
560,129
1,190,108
25,824,012
87,721,407
23,636,043
21,978
138,953,677
Loans..................................................
-
56,477,962
28,868,818
112,391,210
225,347,693
166,529,480
19,139,928
608,755,091
Financial assets measured at amortised 
cost .....................................................
-
268,061
556,255
4,429,076
41,947,547
26,661,044
-
73,861,983
Other assets.........................................
712,523 
12,011,698 
2,761,727 
1,096,723 
5,513,121 
7,139,198 
(11,212,207) 
18,022,783 
Total assets................................... 
165,318,205 
73,069,414 
41,107,035 
144,697,519 
372,337,505 
223,965,765 
8,405,655 
1,028,901,098 
Liabilities
Interbank deposits...............................
1,887,223
22,314,690
9,026,003
-
-
-
-
33,227,916
Other deposits...........................
145,837,176
300,291,311
90,673,571
23,266,226
2,422,187
91,591
-
562,582,062
Funds provided from other financial 
instruments.................................... 
- 
2,731,117 
5,471,146 
30,909,525 
39,841,323 
19,483,560 
- 
98,436,671 
Money market takings.........................
-
121,357,837
5,638,915
9,665,385
11,813,392
241,833
-
148,717,362
Marketable securities issued ...............
-
1,451,509
3,615,315
18,367,059
57,008,782
11,063,389
-
91,506,054
Miscellaneous payables ......................
61,698
12,139,449
28,479
239
1,503,334
-
7,063,659
20,796,858
Other liabilities ...................................
249,213 
1,047,824 
3,603,732 
1,130,812 
1,337,593 
3,228,899 
63,036,102 
73,634,175 
Total liabilities ............................. 
148,035,310 
461,333,737 
118,057,161 
83,339,246 
113,926,611 
34,109,272 
70,099,761 
1,028,901,098 
Liquidity gap................................ 
17,282,895 
(388,264,323) 
(76,950,126) 
61,358,273 
258,410,894 
189,856,493 
(61,694,106) 
-

--- Page 110 ---
89 
31 December 2020 
 
Demand 
Up to 1 
Month 
1-3 Months 
3 – 12 
Months 
1 – 5 Years 
5 Years and 
Over 
Undistributed 
Total 
Assets
(TL thousands)
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, money 
in transit, checks purchased) and 
Balances with the Central Bank of 
Türkiye .........................................
93,207,242
-
-
-
-
-
-
93,207,242
Due from banks ..................................
2,169,348
58,004
864,828
-
-
-
-
3,092,180
Financial assets measured at fair value 
through profit/loss.........................
13,663
3,038
2,990,006
1,930,131
2,190,923
-
330,520
7,458,281
Money market placements ..................
-
203,259
3,330
-
-
-
-
206,589
Financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income
-
620,803
697,542
13,232,077
53,319,515
16,039,829
18,159
83,927,925
Loans..................................................
-
38,021,874
16,710,619
52,360,784
217,634,418
107,216,910
17,930,171
449,874,776
Financial assets measured at amortised 
cost .....................................................
-
830,945
1,074,881
1,795,884
31,993,405
23,052,137
-
58,747,252
Other assets.........................................
412,546 
3,254,275 
1,810,299 
4,267,423 
1,039,950 
3,278,231 
1,513,548 
15,576,272 
Total assets................................... 
95,802,799 
42,992,198 
24,151,505 
73,586,299 
306,178,211 
149,587,107 
19,792,398 
712,090,517 
Liabilities
Interbank deposits...............................
1,636,729
16,980,113
4,416,355
-
-
-
-
23,033,197
Other deposits...........................
80,000,913
226,227,177
70,137,189
16,596,835
1,468,070
58,501
-
394,488,685
Funds provided from other financial 
instruments....................................
-
1,719,144
4,277,658
23,308,613
13,276,843
9,106,737
-
51,688,995
Money market takings.........................
-
84,629,165
884,084
6,033,879
9,352,737
412,340
-
101,312,205
Marketable securities issued ...............
-
2,137,454
4,224,438
10,134,605
33,847,752
15,269,072
-
65,613,321
Miscellaneous payables ......................
8,171
8,127,157
204,322
-
896,602
-
4,432,985
13,669,237
Other liabilities ...................................
127,237 
1,173,847 
2,285,531 
3,165,186 
179,423 
1,828,573 
53,525,080 
62,284,877 
Total liabilities ............................. 
81,773,050 
340,994,057 
86,429,577 
59,239,118 
59,021,427 
26,675,223 
57,958,065 
712,090,517 
Liquidity gap................................ 
14,029,749 
(298,001,859) 
(62,278,072) 
14,347,181 
247,156,784 
122,911,884 
(38,165,667) 
-
In addition to the liquidity ratios described above, the Bank is also required to maintain deposits with the Central 
Bank against a minimum reserve requirement. These reserve deposits are calculated on the basis of Turkish Lira and foreign 
currency liabilities taken at the rates determined by the Central Bank. The Central Bank started to pay interest for U.S. dollar 
(but not other foreign currency) reserve accounts as of 5 May 2015; however, through the date of this Base Prospectus, interest 
has not been paid on U.S. dollar reserve deposits since September 2019. 
The Group’s subsidiary in Austria is also subject to similar liquidity measurements. For detailed information on the 
Group’s reserve deposits requirements see note 5.1.1 in the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the 
year ended 31 December 2022. 
Recent Developments 
The Bank published its consolidated and unconsolidated BRSA Financial Statements (i.e., the BRSA Interim 
Financial Statements) on 15 May 2023. The following tables set out certain information regarding the Group as of (or for the 
three month periods ended) on the indicated dates. The following financial information has been extracted from the Group’s 
BRSA Interim Financial Statements without material adjustment. These tables should be read in conjunction with the 
Group’s BRSA Interim Financial Statements (including the notes therein) incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 111 ---
90 
Analysis of Results of Operations for the First Quarter of 2022 and 2023 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
 
2022 
2023 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Net interest income.......................................................................
9,473,868
7,533,655
Net fee and commission income...................................................
1,668,497
3,802,317
Other operating income(1) ............................................................. 
4,676,883 
27,418,617 
Gross profit from operating activities ..................................
15,819,248
38,754,589
Expected credit loss......................................................................
(7,107,354)
(13,516,935)
Other operating expenses(2) ........................................................... 
(3,238,340) 
(20,116,826) 
Total operating expenses .......................................................
(10,345,694)
(33,633,761)
Profit/loss from equity method applied subsidiaries ..................... 
51,982 
126,731 
Profit/loss before taxes from continuing operations............
5,525,536 
5,247,559 
Taxation charge ............................................................................ 
(2,154,950) 
237,383 
Net profit for the period ........................................................
3,370,586
5,484,942
Attributable to equity holders of the Bank ...............................
3,259,630
5,339,591
Attributable to minority interests .............................................
110,956
145,351
 
 
 
(1) 
For a particular period, this is the sum of: (a) dividend income, (b) trading income/losses (net) and (c) other operating income, in each 
case, for such period. 
(2) 
Other operating expenses includes personnel cost. 
Net Profit 
The Group’s net profit for the first quarter of 2023 was TL 5.5 billion, a 62.73% increase from TL 3.4 billion in the 
same period of 2022. This change was primarily due to an increase in income from the reversal of impairment losses and 
increased fee and commission income, which more than offset a 20.48% decrease in net interest income. While it had no 
impact on net profit for the period, the results reflect large one-time changes due to the Group’s reversal of TL 12,000 million 
in free provisions (recognised in “other operating income”) in combination with equivalent donations to support those 
impacted by the February 2023 earthquakes (recognised in “other operating expense”). 
The following sections describe the components of the Group’s net profit (i.e., operating income, operating expenses 
and taxation charges) in greater detail. During this period, interest income from loans increased by 75.41%, which was 
largely due to the increase in the Group’s loan portfolio, whereas interest expenses increased by 134.31%, which was due to 
the increase in the cost of funding and the increasing share of deposits in total liabilities (which increased to 66.32% from 
57.91% as of 31 December 2022). In addition, there was a 486.26% increase in other operating income largely as a result of a 
360.40% increase in income from the reversal of previous periods’ provisions for loans. 
Operating Income 
Net Interest Income 
The Group’s interest income increased by 76.25% to TL 44.5 billion in the first quarter of 2023 from TL 25.3 billion 
in the same period of 2022, which increase resulted primarily from an increase in interest income on loans and securities as 
described below. The following table sets out the interest earnings on the Group’s interest-earning assets during the indicated 
periods:

--- Page 112 ---
91 
 
Three months ended 
31 March 
 
2022 
2023 
(TL thousands)
Interest income from loans .........................................
16,512,537
28,964,258
Interest income from marketable securities portfolio .
8,326,892
14,076,918
Interest income from banks ........................................
18,805
443,851
Interest income from money market transactions.......
761
54,707
Others .........................................................................  
397,345 
973,540 
Total interest income ............................................  
25,256,340 
44,513,274 
The Group’s interest expense increased by 134.31% to TL 37.0 billion in the first quarter of 2023 from TL 15.8 
billion in the same period of 2022, which increase was mainly due to 209.98% and 216.48% increases in interest expenses on 
deposits and funds borrowed, respectively, each resulting principally from increases in the Turkish Lira deposit balance and 
higher deposit rates due to inflationary conditions and competition (including due to regulatory changes encouraging banks to 
increase the share of Turkish Lira deposits in their total deposits) and, notwithstanding a decline in the amount of securities 
issued, an increase in the Turkish Lira-equivalent cost of foreign currency-denominated borrowings due to the depreciation of 
the Turkish Lira. The following table sets out the interest expense on the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities during the 
indicated periods: 
 
Three months ended 
31 March 
 
2022 
2023 
(TL thousands)
Interest expense on deposits .......................................
9,726,560
30,140,622
Interest expense on money market transactions..........
3,177,640
1,803,195
Interest expense on securities issued ..........................
1,753,250
1,855,943
Interest expense on funds borrowed ...........................
775,048
2,452,892
Other interest expense ................................................  
349,974 
726,967 
Total interest expense ...........................................  
15,782,472 
36,979,619 
As a result of this interest income and interest expense, the Group’s net interest income was TL 7.5 billion in the 
first quarter of 2023, decreasing by 20.48% from TL 9.5 billion in the same period of 2022. The Bank’s net interest margin in 
the first quarter of 2023 was 2.05%, compared to 4.19% in the same period of 2022, which increase was primarily due to the 
increases to funding costs, which were partially offset by a 463.24% increase in interest income from CPI-linked bonds. 
Net Fee and Commission Income 
In the first quarter of 2023, the Group’s net fee and commission income increased by 127.89% from the same period 
of 2022 due to an increase in lending-related fees, transactional fees and credit card fees (e.g., for insurance products and 
money transfers). The following table sets out the categories of the Group’s fee and commission income and expenses 
(identified by the principal business lines of the Group) and their respective amounts during the indicated periods:

--- Page 113 ---
92 
 
Three months ended 
31 March 
 
2022 
2023 
(TL thousands)
Fee and Commission Income 
Commercial banking....................................
1,162,714
2,444,710
Credit card fees............................................
676,888
1,421,692
Retail banking..............................................
217,000
607,233
Investment banking ..................................... 
114,437 
292,682 
Total fee and commission income.........
2,171,039 
4,766,317 
Fee and Commission Expense 
Commercial banking.................................... 
502,542 
964,000 
Total fee and commission expense ....... 
502,542 
964,000 
Net fee and commission income............ 
1,668,497 
3,802,317 
Other Operating Income 
The Group’s total other operating income (including provision reversals from NPLs) increased by 637.76% in the 
first quarter of 2023 from the same period of the previous year. The following table sets out the Group’s total other operating 
income by category during the indicated periods: 
 
Three months ended 
31 March 
 
2022 
2023 
(TL thousands) 
Dividend income.......................................................................
25,921
2,281
Trading gains/losses, net ..........................................................
487,917
976,637
Foreign exchange gains, net......................................................
767,775
1,357,488
Income from reversal of the impairment losses ........................
2,554,665
11,761,801
Communication income............................................................
6,251
7,338
Gain on sale of assets................................................................
309,059
180,468
Rent income ..............................................................................
270,846
32,699
Other operating income ............................................................. 
254,449 
13,099,905 
Total other operating income ............................................ 
4,676,883 
27,418,617 
In the first quarter of 2023, the largest component of total other operating income (representing 47.78% of the total) 
was “other operating income,” which increased by 5,048.34% in comparison to the same period of the previous year 
principally as a result of the reversal of free provisions. The second largest component of total other operating income during 
the first three months of 2023 (representing 42.90% of the total) was “income from reversal of the impairment losses,” which 
had a 360.40% increase when compared to the same period of the previous year as a result of the Group commencing to track 
general provisions allocated to foreign currency loans in Turkish Lira and a change in accounting methodology relating to 
provisions. 
In the first quarter of 2023, the Group recorded a foreign exchange gain, net of TL 1,357.5 million (included in total 
other operating income), compared to a foreign exchange gain, net of TL 767.8 million (included in total other operating 
income) in the same period of the previous year. 
Operating Expenses 
The Group’s operating expenses (including expected credit losses) in the first quarter of 2023 increased by 237.74% 
to TL 33.5 billion from TL 9.9 billion in the same period of the prior year, which increase was predominantly due to an 
100.58% increase of the expected credit losses and other operating expenses, which included a donation related to the 
February 2023 earthquakes amounting to TL 12,000,000 thousand and an 115.99% increases of personnel costs as a result of 
the high levels of inflation.

--- Page 114 ---
93 
The Group’s cost-to-income ratio increased to 51.91% in the first quarter of 2023 from 20.47% in the first quarter of 
2022, whereas the Group’s operating expenses (excluding foreign exchange losses) as a percentage of average total assets 
increased to 4.53% in the first quarter of 2023 from 1.15% for the same period of the prior year. Both of these changes were 
principally the result of the denominator effect of the increase in the size of the Group’s total assets. 
The following table sets out the Group’s total operating expenses (other than impairment losses, net, which are 
discussed separately below) by category during the indicated periods: 
 
Three months ended 
31 March 
 
2022 
2023 
(TL thousands) 
Other operating expenses..........................................................
3,238,340
20,116,826
Personnel costs.................................................................
1,403,022
3,030,378
Reserve for employee termination benefits.......................
68,719
135,845
Depreciation expenses on tangible assets ........................
137,147
184,515
Amortisation expenses on intangible assets......................
11,713
17,856
Operational lease-related expenses..................................
37,188
8,987
Advertisement expenses....................................................
77,183
104,308
Other.................................................................................
1,503,368
16,634,937
Expected credit loss .................................................................. 
6,692,640 
13,423,846 
Total operating expense ..................................................... 
9,930,980 
33,540,672 
Expected Credit Losses. The following table sets out the Group’s expected credit losses by category during each of 
the indicated periods: 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
 
2022 
2023 
 
(TL thousands) 
Expected credit losses ........................................................................  
6,692,640 
13,423,846 
12 month ECL (Stage 1)................................................................
1,088,388
5,296,682
Significant increase in credit risk (Stage 2)...................................
3,880,817
7,031,661
Impaired credits (Stage 3).............................................................
1,723,435
1,095,503
Impairment losses on securities ........................................................  
177,802 
87,686 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss .....
169,485
70,742
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income...................................................................
8,317
16,944
Impairment losses on associates, subsidiaries and joint-ventures .  
8,912 
5,403 
Associates......................................................................................
8,912
5,403
Subsidiaries...................................................................................
-
-
Joint-ventures (business partnership) ...........................................
-
-
Others(1)...............................................................................................  
228,000 
- 
Total ..............................................................................................  
7,107,354 
13,516,935 
 
 
 
 
(1) In the first quarter of 2022, the Bank set aside TL 228,000 thousand in free provisions; however, no free provisions were set aside in the first 
quarter of 2023. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group and its Business – Audit Qualification.” 
In the first quarter of 2023, the Group’s recoveries and reversals increased by 90.18% to TL 13.5 million from 
TL 7.1 million in the same period of 2022. 
The Group’s nominal NPLs as of 31 March 2023 were TL 20,773,894 thousand, a 0.30% decrease from 
TL 20,835,536 thousand as of 31 December 2022. The Group’s NPL ratio decreased to 1.84% as of 31 March 2023 from 
2.14% as of 31 December 2022, which change was principally due to collections on NPLs exceeding new NPLs.

--- Page 115 ---
94 
The Group’s restructured loans were TL 48.6 thousand as of 31 March 2023, increasing from TL 44.8 thousand as 
of 31 December 2022, which increase was due primarily to the BRSA’s easing some regulations on restructured loans and 
adverse macroeconomic conditions. Stage 2 (Significant increase in credit risk) loans amounted to TL 7.3 thousand as of 
31 March 2023, an increase from TL 3.9 thousand as of 31 December 2022, and the ratio of the Group’s Stage 2 loans to 
performing cash loans ratio was 9.91% and 11.36%, respectively, as of such dates. As of 31 March 2023, the shares of: (a) 
Stage 2 (significant increase in credit risk) loans and (b) Stage 3 loans (credit-impaired) within the restructured loans were 
94.64% and 5.36%, respectively. 
As of 31 March 2023, the Group’s expected credit losses for Stage 3 loans increased by 2.54% (to TL 17.4 
thousand) as compared to 31 December 2022 due to the decrease in nominal NPLs. 
Other.  The Group’s other costs increased by 1,006.5% to TL 16.6 billion for the first quarter of 2023 from TL 1.5 
billion in the first quarter of the previous year, which increase costs resulted mainly from a TL 12.0 billion donation related 
to the February 2023 earthquakes. 
Personnel costs. The Group’s personnel costs increased by 115.99% to TL 3.0 billion for the first quarter of 2023 
from TL 1.4 billion in the first quarter of the previous year. The increases in the Group’s personnel costs resulted mainly 
from the significant inflation over the period. 
Taxation Charge 
Income taxation charges for the first quarter of 2023 totalled TL 2.2 billion, increasing significantly from a negative 
TL 237.4 million in the same period of 2022. The Group’s taxation charges for such periods included deferred tax income 
amounting to TL 1.6 billion and TL 6.5 million, respectively. 
The Group’s effective tax rate (calculated based upon its reported taxation charge divided by its profit/loss before 
taxes from continuing operations) was 39.37% and (4.64)% for the first three months of 2022 and 2023, respectively. Taxes 
on income from the Group’s non-Turkish operations were immaterial during such periods. For more information on the 
Group’s taxation, see note 5.4.11 in the Group’s BRSA Interim Financial Statements.

--- Page 116 ---
95 
Financial Condition 
 
As of 
31 December 2022 
% of 
Total 
As of 
31 March 2023 
% of 
Total 
Assets
(TL thousands, except for percentages)
Cash and cash equivalents ......................................
268,975,314
15.76%
212,953,112
11.53%
Banks ......................................................................
28,760,678
1.68%
46,747,947
2.53%
Loans(1) ...................................................................
952,481,717
55.80%
1,106,271,223
59.88%
Investment securities ..............................................
379,643,214
22.24%
412,628,521
22.33%
Investment in equity participations.........................
5,028,626
0.29%
5,247,833
0.28%
Tangible assets, net.................................................
11,683,247
0.68%
12,901,163
0.70%
Other assets.............................................................
60,459,061 
3.54% 
50,746,127 
2.75% 
Total assets.........................................................
1,707,031,857 
100.00% 
1,847,495,926 
100.00% 
Liabilities
Deposits from banks ...............................................
78,097,475
4.58%
39,895,263
2.16%
Deposits from customers ........................................
1,054,000,268
61.74%
1,219,978,382
66.03%
Obligations under repurchase agreements ..............
137,754,703
8.07%
89,845,622
4.86%
Borrowings .............................................................
139,368,819
8.16%
170,945,544
9.25%
Debt securities issued .............................................
71,078,119
4.16%
66,349,179
3.59%
Other liabilities and accrued expenses....................
120,206,945 
7.04% 
116,277,413 
6.29% 
Total liabilities...................................................
1,600,506,329 
93.76% 
1,703,291,403 
92.19% 
Total shareholders’ equity and minority 
interest ...........................................................
106,525,528 
6.24% 
144,204,523 
7.81% 
Total liabilities, shareholders’ equity and 
minority interest............................................
1,707,031,857 
100.00% 
1,847,495,926 
100.00% 
Assets 
The following describes the Group’s loans to banks, loans to customers and investment securities, which jointly 
represented 84.74% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 March 2023. 
Loans. Loans represented 59.88% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 March 2023, increasing by 16.15% to 
TL 1,106 billion from TL 952.5 billion as of 31 December 2022. The growth in the Group’s loans principally resulted from 
retail loans driven by earthquake support packages (Turkish Lira-denominated financing packages), credit cards and 
overdrafts and Turkish Lira-denominated short-term corporate loans the Bank offered to corporate and SME customers. 
Overall, loan growth was limited in the first quarter of 2023 after accounting for the impact of inflation. Growth was also 
constrained by regulatory changes that limited the pricing that could be charged for commercial loans certain other loan 
products, thereby reducing (or even eliminating) the profitability of such loans. 
As of 31 March 2023, the Group’s NPLs decreased by 0.30% to TL 20.8 billion from TL 20.8 billion as of 
31 December 2022. In the first quarter of 2023, there was a limited decrease in the nominal amount of NPLs as a result of the 
denominator effect of the growth in loans. As of 31 March 2023, provisions representing 83.70% of the amount of total NPLs 
had been set aside (81.38% as of 31 December 2022). 
The proportion of the Group’s NPLs to total performing loans was 1.84% and 2.14% as of 31 March 2023 and 
31 December 2022, respectively. The ratio of the Group’s NPLs to total cash and non-cash loans was 1.45% and 1.66%, 
respectively, as of such dates. 
For additional information on the Group’s loan portfolio, including its NPLs and related provisions, see note 5.4.6 in 
the Group’s BRSA Interim Financial Statements. 
Investment Securities. As of 31 March 2023, investment securities represented 22.33% of the Group’s total assets, 
increasing from 8.69% as of 31 December 2022 due primarily to regulatory changes resulting in the requirement for Turkish 
banks to hold additional Turkish government securities. As of 31 March 2023, securities issued by the Turkish Treasury

--- Page 117 ---
96 
represented 83.58% of the Group’s total securities portfolio and (excluding trading securities) 88.53% of the Group’s 
securities portfolio as of 31 March 2023 and 31 December 2022, respectively. 
The fair value of securities pledged to acquire funding under security repurchase agreements amounted to TL 89.8 
billion as of 31 March 2023, an increase from TL 75.0 billion as of 31 December 2022, comprising 42.19% and 52.60%, 
respectively, of the Group’s total securities portfolio (excluding trading securities). 
For additional information on the Group’s investment securities portfolio, see note 5.1.6 in the Group’s BRSA 
Interim Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
Liabilities 
The Group’s total liabilities as of 31 March 2023 were TL 1,847.5 billion, an increase of 8.23% from TL 1,707.0 
billion as of 31 December 2022. The following summarises the three principal categories of the Group’s liabilities - deposits, 
obligations under repurchase agreements and loans from banks. 
The Group’s deposits from customers (including accrued interest expense) amounted to TL 1,220.0 billion as of 
31 March 2023, an increase of 15.75% from TL 1,054.0 billion as of 31 December 2022. The share of deposits from 
customers in total liabilities was 66.03%, increasing from 61.74% as of 31 December 2022. Foreign currency total deposits 
(principally U.S. dollars and euro) represented 34.36% of the Group’s total deposits as of 31 March 2023, decreasing from 
40.09% as of 31 December 2022, which decline was largely driven by the regulatory changes seeking to increase the use of 
the Turkish Lira (including the foreign exchange-protected Turkish Lira deposited scheme discussed elsewhere). For 
additional information on the Group’s deposits, see note 5.2.1 in the Group’s BRSA Interim Financial Statements. 
Obligations under repurchase agreements amounted to TL 89.8 billion as of 31 March 2023, comprising 4.86% of 
the Group’s total liabilities as compared to TL 137.8 billion and 8.07% as of 31 December 2022. 
Funds obtained from banks amounted to TL 170.9 billion as of 31 March 2023, constituting 9.25% of the Group’s 
total liabilities as compared to TL 139.4 billion and 8.16% as of 31 December 2022. As of 31 March 2023, 39.55% of the 
value of loans from banks had a remaining term-to-maturity of one year or less. For additional information on the Group’s 
loans from banks, see note 5.2.3 in the Group’s BRSA Interim Financial Statements. 
Shareholders’ Equity 
The Group’s total shareholders’ equity including minority interest amounted to TL 144.2 billion as of 31 March 
2023, an increase of 35.37% from TL 106.5 billion as of 31 December 2022. The following table summarises the components 
of the Group’s shareholders’ equity and minority interest as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 
31 December 2022 
As of 
31 March 2023 
(TL thousands)
Paid-in capital ..................................................
7,111,364
9,915,922
Share premium.................................................
16,469,500
45,317,476
Other capital reserves.......................................
(63,177)
-283,467
Other accumulated comprehensive income......
17,469,702
18,304,882
Legal reserves ..................................................
3,999,937
4,268,350
Status reserves..................................................
6,337
6,337
Extraordinary reserves .....................................
31,904,601
31,982,980
Other profit reserves.........................................
1,569,834
1,571,827
Profit or loss.....................................................
26,250,691
31,160,681
Non-controlling interest ................................... 
1,806,739 
1,959,535 
Total shareholders’ equity and non-
controlling interest...................................... 
106,525,528 
144,204,523

--- Page 118 ---
97 
As noted previously, the Türkiye Wealth Fund contributed an additional TL 32.0 billion in capital to the Bank on 
29 March 2023 through the purchase of additional shares of common stock. For additional information on the Group’s 
shareholders’ equity and minority interest, see note 5.2.11 in the Group’s BRSA Interim Financial Statements. 
Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Contingencies 
The aggregate amount of off-balance sheet arrangements comprising guarantees, letters of credit and similar 
obligations totalled TL 1,204.8 billion as of 31 March 2023, a 17.04% increase from 31 December 2022. This increase was 
largely due to the increase in imports into Türkiye. For detailed information on the Group’s off-balance sheet commitments 
and contingencies, see note 5.3 in the Group’s BRSA Interim Financial Statements. 
Capital Adequacy 
The Group’s and the Bank’s total capital adequacy ratios were 15.59% and 15.84%, respectively, as of 31 March 
2023, as compared to 14.34% and 15.19%, respectively, as of 31 December 2022. The Group’s and the Bank’s CET1 
regulatory capital adequacy ratios were 12.40% and 12.58%, respectively, as of such dates. The following table sets forth the 
calculation of the Group’s capital adequacy ratios as of each of the indicated dates: 
As of 
31 December 2022 
As of 
31 March 2023 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Common equity tier 1 capital............................................
107,320,883
144,894,826
Additional tier 1 capital.....................................................
18,979,365
19,606,250
Supplementary capital (tier 2) ........................................... 
15,978,208 
17,652,677 
Total capital before deductions .................................. 
142,278,456 
182,153,753 
Deductions from capital....................................................
(22,602) 
(25,349) 
Total capital ................................................................. 
142,255,854 
182,128,404 
Value at credit risk............................................................
946,397,457
1,080,354,973
Value at market risk..........................................................
9,909,960
9,444,193
Value at operational risk ...................................................
35,687,845 
78,804,273 
Total risk-weighted assets........................................... 
991,995,262 
1,168,603,439 
Common equity tier 1 regulatory capital adequacy ratio ..
10.82%
12.40%
Total capital adequacy ratio ..............................................
14.34%
15.59%
In the first quarter of 2023, the Group’s total capital adequacy ratio increased by 125 basis points due to the TL 32.0 
billion capital injection provided by the Türkiye Wealth Fund on 29 March 2023 as described herein. 
Liquidity and Funding 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management believes that funds from the Group’s deposit-taking 
operations generally will continue to meet its liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. As of 31 March 2023, the Group’s 
ratio of performing loans to customers to deposits (including bank deposits) was 87.81%, as compared to 84.13% as of 
31 December 2022. The Bank’s average weekly and monthly liquidity ratios during the first quarter of 2023 were 169.79% 
and 151.52%, respectively.

--- Page 119 ---
98 
SELECTED STATISTICAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
The following tables present certain selected statistical and other information for the Group (or, when information 
about the Group is not readily available or relevant, the Bank) as of the indicated dates and for the indicated periods. Except 
as specifically noted herein, the selected statistical and other information should be read in conjunction with the information 
contained in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the relevant 
BRSA Financial Statements (including the notes therein) incorporated by reference herein. 
I. Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential 
A. Average Balance Sheet and Interest Data 
The following tables set out the average balances of assets and liabilities, and the interest earned or expensed on 
such amounts, of the Group for the indicated years. For purposes of the following tables, the average for each year is 
calculated as the average of the amounts on each of the end of the preceding year and 31 December of such year and: (a) non-
accruing credits have been treated as non-interest-earning assets and (b) loan fees have not been included in interest income. 
If these balances had been calculated on a “weighted average” or “daily” basis, then differences might have resulted, which 
differences might be material.

--- Page 120 ---
99 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Yield 
Interest 
Income 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Yield 
Interest 
Income 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Yield 
Interest 
Income 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
ASSETS
Average interest-earning assets
Deposits in banks(1) .....................
13,306,711
1.73%
229,687
19,843,825
4.73%
938,713
16,952,156
5.52%
Balances that do not have 
foreign currency risk (2).....
12,368,698
18,851,491
12,825,518
Balances bearing foreign 
currency risk (2).................
938,013
992,334
4,126,637
Investment securities...........
142,650,421
7.30%
10,414,784
189,332,922
9.94%
18,826,612
303,912,015
23.74%
Balances that do not have 
foreign currency risk (2) ....
75,224,007
87,440,184
154,253,623
Balances bearing foreign 
currency risk (2).................
67,426,415
101,892,739
149,658,391
Loans and advances to customers
414,908,030
8.93%
37,070,419
500,577,909
10.69%
53,518,835
752,308,704
11.68%
Balances that do not have 
foreign currency risk (2).....
289,599,842
324,987,933
490,589,177
Balances bearing foreign 
currency risk (2).................
125,308,188
175,589,976
261,719,527
Other Assets................................
18,414,020
1.56%
287,131
9,655,265
0.34%
32,886
21,007,475
2.11%
Balances that do not have 
foreign currency risk (2) ....
14,168,815
6,148,353
17,441,528
Balances bearing foreign 
currency risk (2).................
4,245,205
3,506,912
3,565,947
Total for average interest-
earning assets .......................
589,279,182
8.15%
48,002,021
719,409,921
10.19%
73,317,046
1,094,180,350
14.75%
161,386,163
Balances that do not have 
foreign currency risk(2) ....
391,361,362
437,427,961
675,109,847
Balances bearing foreign 
currency risk (2) ................
197,917,820
281,981,960
419,070,502
Average non-interest-earning 
assets
Cash and cash equivalents(3)........
83,177,595
111,196,180
214,801,211
Derivatives..................................
8,740,985
14,993,706
19,307,125
Equity shares...............................
18,159
2,784,960
4,536,442
NPLs net of allowances...............
4,147,874
4,366,896
4,200,031
Tangibles.....................................
4,896,410
4,518,731
7,912,149
Other assets and accrued 
interest(3) ................................
21,830,312
13,225,414
23,039,171
Total for average non-
interest-earning assets....
122,811,335
151,085,885
273,796,131
Average total assets .............  
712,090,517
48,002,021
870,495,805
73,317,046
1,367,976,481
161,386,163
 
 
 
 
(1) Comprises balances with banks, interbank funds sold and reserve deposits at the Central Bank. 
(2) Turkish Lira and foreign currency income breakdown is not available for these periods in the BRSA Financial Statements. 
(3) Average cash and cash equivalents and average other assets and accrued interest balances were calculated with amounts due from central banks being 
classified as cash and cash equivalents.

--- Page 121 ---
100 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Rate 
Interest 
Expense 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Rate 
Interest 
Expense 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Rate 
Interest 
Expense 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
LIABILITIES
Average interest-bearing liabilities
Deposits from customers......................
335,957,422
4.90%
16,466,527
392,082,328
7.91%
31,014,009
660,421,863
9.19%  
60,707,754
Balances that do not have foreign 
currency risk (1)...........................
178,193,394
190,458,983
385,639,930
Balances bearing foreign currency 
risk (1)..........................................
157,764,028
201,623,345
274,781,932
Funds borrowed..................................
51,688,995
2.92%
1,508,717
75,062,833
2.53%
1,901,817
118,902,745
4.01%
4,762,281
Short-term debt.....................................
5,463,242
6,375,705
10,333,229
Balances that do not have foreign 
currency risk (1)...........................
1,893,582
2,423,767
6,328,442
Balances bearing foreign currency 
risk (1)..........................................
3,569,660
3,951,938
4,004,787
Long-term debt.....................................
46,225,753
68,687,129
108,569,515
Balances that do not have foreign 
currency risk (1)...........................
556,714
555,045
2,665,790
Balances bearing foreign currency 
risk (1)..........................................
45,669,039
68,132,084
105,903,725
Repurchase agreements and deposit 
from banks.....................................
101,312,203
4.49%
4,552,830
125,014,784
10.85%
13,560,184
143,895,676
7.25%
10,430,581
Balances that do not have foreign 
currency risk (1)...........................
79,758,688
101,875,035
90,383,681
Balances bearing foreign currency 
risk (1)..........................................
21,553,515
23,139,748
53,511,994
Debt securities issued .........................
46,154,523
9.97%
4,601,930
54,346,075
8.04%
4,370,111
66,807,873
8.10%
5,412,067
Balances that do not have foreign 
currency risk..............................
11,262,156
11,297,482
9,435,389
Balances bearing foreign currency 
risk.............................................
34,892,367
43,048,593
57,372,483
Subordinated liabilities .....................
19,458,798
0.71%
137,516
24,213,613
7.79%
1,886,450
26,505,856
9.35%
2,477,277
Total for average interest-bearing 
liabilities....................................
554,571,941
4.98%
27,607,459
670,719,633
7.90%
52,991,621 1,016,534,013
8.42%
85,637,033
Balances that do not have 
foreign currency risk (1)........
271,664,534
306,610,312
494,453,234
Balances bearing foreign 
currency risk (1)....................
282,907,407
364,109,321
522,080,779
Average non-interest-bearing 
liabilities
Deposits-demand..................................
81,564,463
114,583,600
203,514,494
Accrued interest and other liabilities ....
21,706,293
27,665,967
59,164,326
Trading liabilities .................................
6,083,301
5,786,790
5,104,937
Current and deferred tax liabilities .......
1,012,433
1,063,760
3,290,943
Total for average non-interest-
bearing liabilities......................
110,366,490
149,100,116
271,074,701
Average shareholders’ equity and 
net profit...................................
47,152,086
50,676,057
80,362,778
Average total liabilities and 
shareholders’ equity.................
712,090,517
870,495,805
1,367,971,493
  
 
 
(1) Turkish Lira and foreign currency expense breakdown for these periods is not available in the BRSA Annual Financial Statements. 
The following table shows the net interest income and net yield for the Group for each of the indicated years. 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Net interest income....................
20,394,562 
20,325,425 
75,749,130 
Net yield ....................................
3.46%
2.83%
6.92% 
B. Net Changes in Interest Income and Expense – Volume and Rate Analysis 
The following table provides a comparative analysis of net changes in the Group’s interest earned and interest 
expensed by reference to changes in average volume and rates for the years indicated. Changes in net interest income are

--- Page 122 ---
101 
attributed either to changes in average balances (volume change) or changes in average rates (rate change) for interest-
earning assets and sources of funds on which interest is earned or expensed. Volume change is calculated as the change in 
volume multiplied by the current rate, while the rate change is calculated as the change in rate multiplied by the previous 
volume. Average balances represent the average of the opening and closing balances for each of the indicated years. For 
purpose of the following tables, NPLs have been treated as non-interest-earning assets. 
2022/2021 
 
Increase (decrease) due to changes in 
 
Volume 
Rate 
Net Change 
(TL thousands)
Interest Income 
Deposits with banks...........................................................
(159,523)
155,999
(3,524)
Investment securities .........................................................
27,198,579
26,116,897
53,315,476
Loans .................................................................................  
29,400,516 
4,945,402 
34,345,918 
Total interest income...................................................  
56,439,572 
31,218,298 
87,657,870 
Interest Expense 
 
 
 
Deposits from customers ...................................................
24,666,492
5,027,253
29,693,745
Funds borrowed.................................................................
1,755,872
1,104,592
2,860,464
Repurchase agreements and deposit from customers ........
1,368,621
(4,498,224)
(3,129,603)
Debt securities issued ........................................................
1,009,523
32,433
1,041,956
Subordinated liabilities ......................................................  
214,237 
376,591 
590,828 
Total interest expense ..................................................  
29,014,745 
2,042,645 
31,057,390 
Net change in net interest income ..............................  
27,424,828 
29,175,652 
118,715,260 
 
2021/2020 
 
Increase (decrease) due to changes in 
 
Volume 
Rate 
Net Change 
(TL thousands)
Interest Income 
Deposits with banks...........................................................
309,238
399,788
709,026
Investment securities .........................................................
4,641,947
3,769,881
8,411,828
Loans .................................................................................  
9,159,318 
7,289,098 
16,448,416 
Total interest income...................................................  
14,110,503 
11,458,767 
25,569,270 
Interest Expense 
 
 
 
Deposits from customers ...................................................
4,439,523
10,107,959
14,547,482
Funds borrowed.................................................................
592,207
(199,107)
393,100
Repurchase agreements and deposit from customers ........
2,570,987
6,436,367
9,007,354
Debt securities issued ........................................................
658,704
(890,523)
(231,819)
Subordinated liabilities ......................................................  
370,441 
1,378,493 
1,748,934 
Total interest expense ..................................................  
8,631,862 
16,833,189 
25,465,051 
Net change in net interest income ..............................  
5,478,641 
(5,374,422) 
51,034,321 
 
II. Investment Portfolio 
The Group’s securities portfolio comprises trading securities and investment securities. The Bank enters into 
Turkish government bond auctions held by the Turkish Treasury as (as of the date hereof) one of 11 primary dealers (market 
makers). In addition, the Group buys and sells Turkish government bonds and eurobonds in over-the-counter transactions, 
through the Borsa İstanbul bonds/bills market and directly with its customers. The Group also enters into purchases (or sales) 
of securities under agreements to resell (or repurchase) substantially identical investments at a certain date in the future at a 
fixed price (i.e., “repos”). Securities sold under repurchase agreements continue to be recognised in the balance sheet and are 
measured in accordance with the accounting policy for the related securities portfolio as appropriate. 
As of 31 December 2022, the size of the Group’s aggregate investment portfolio increased by 70.2% to TL 362.3 
billion from TL 212.8 billion as of 31 December 2021, itself a 49.2% increase from TL 142.7 billion as of 31 December

--- Page 123 ---
102 
2020. In 2021 and 2022, the share of the investment portfolio increased further within the Group’s total assets as the Group 
focused on increasing its portfolio of high-yield securities. 
Pursuant to market practice, the Group pledges securities to acquire funding under security repurchase agreements. 
The securities so pledged amounted to TL 63.9 billion, TL 132.2 billion and TL 127.2 billion, respectively, as of 
31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, comprising 44.8%, 62.1% and 35.1%, respectively, of the Group’s securities portfolio on 
such dates. Such securities are included in the tables in this section. 
A. Book Value of Investments 
The following table sets out a breakdown of securities (on a book-value basis) held by the Group as of the indicated 
dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss........... 
7,458,281 
16,591,824 
17,366,883 
Turkish Lira-denominated.................................................................
297,243
365,610
504,753
Foreign currency-denominated .........................................................
7,161,038
16,226,214
16,862,130
Investment securities.............................................................................. 
142,675,177 
212,815,660 
362,276,331 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost .....................................
58,747,252
73,861,983
158,592,852
Turkish Lira-denominated ...........................................................
44,218,605
48,417,140
124,556,209
Foreign currency-denominated ...................................................
14,528,647
25,444,843
34,036,643
Fair value through other comprehensive income ..............................
83,927,925
138,953,677
203,683,479
Turkish Lira-denominated ...........................................................
31,026,129
50,971,953
84,231,073
Foreign currency-denominated ...................................................  
52,901,796 
87,981,724 
119,452,406 
Total ................................................................................................  
150,133,458 
229,407,484 
379,643,214 
The following table sets out the Group’s total consolidated investment securities portfolio in Turkish Lira and in 
foreign currencies as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Turkish Lira-denominated securities ........................................
75,244,734
99,389,093
208,787,282
Foreign currency-denominated securities ................................. 
67,430,443 
113,426,567 
153,489,049 
Total securities ..................................................................... 
142,675,177 
212,815,660 
362,276,331 
Financial Assets Measured at Fair Value through Profit or Loss 
As of 31 December 2022, the size of the Group’s financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
increased by 2.77% to TL 17.3 billion from TL 16.6 billion as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase of 122.5% from 
TL 7.5 billion as of 31 December 2020. The large increases in 2021 and 2022 were principally due to foreign currency-
denominated and -indexed securities. The Group’s portfolio of trading securities principally comprises Turkish government 
debt, investment participation bills and equity. The Group acts as a market-maker for Turkish government debt. See 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Critical Accounting Policies – 
Fair Value of Financial Instruments.” 
As noted above, trading securities are debt and equity securities that the Group principally holds for the purpose of 
short-term profit taking. These include investments and derivative contracts that are not designated as effective hedging 
instruments under Turkish law. All trading derivatives in a net receivable position (positive fair value) are reported as trading 
assets, whereas all trading derivatives in a net payable position (negative fair value) are reported as trading liabilities. 
After initial recognition, securities that are classified as held-for-trading are measured at estimated fair value. 
Changes in the estimated fair value of these securities are included in the BRSA Financial Statements of income within gains

--- Page 124 ---
103 
less losses from securities. In determining their estimated fair value, trading securities are valued at the last trade price (if 
quoted on an exchange) or the last bid price (if traded over the counter). When market prices are not available or if 
liquidating a position would reasonably be expected to affect market prices, fair value is determined by reference to price 
quotations for similar instruments traded in different markets or management’s estimates of the amounts that can be realised. 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Turkish government bonds and treasury bills(1) ....................................................
110,576
118,890
115,680
Turkish government eurobonds(2)..........................................................................
7,000,000
15,939,741
16,478,799
Common shares.....................................................................................................
331,647
488,471
573,384
Other .....................................................................................................................  
16,058 
44,722 
199,020 
Total financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss........  
7,458,281 
16,591,824 
17,366,883 
 
 
 
 
(1) Turkish Lira-denominated securities. 
(2) Foreign currency-denominated securities. 
Investment Portfolio 
The Group’s investment portfolio consists of “financial assets measured at amortised cost” and “financial assets 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.” 
“Financial assets measured at amortised cost” are financial assets (other than bank loans and receivables) with fixed 
or determinable payments and fixed maturities that the Group intends and has the ability to hold to maturity. The Group 
cannot classify any financial asset as financial assets measured at amortised cost if the Group has, during the current fiscal 
year or during the two preceding fiscal years, sold or transferred any financial assets measured at amortised cost before their 
maturities. “Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income” are financial assets that are neither 
held for trading purposes nor are intended to be held to maturity (i.e., financial assets measured at amortised cost). Financial 
assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income can include certain debt and equity investments. The 
Group classifies investment securities depending upon the intention of management at the time of the purchase thereof, 
though such can be reclassified if the intention of management later changes. 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost portfolio. The Group’s portfolio of “financial assets measured at 
amortised cost” consists principally of Turkish Lira-denominated Turkish government bonds and treasury bills, foreign 
currency-indexed Turkish government bonds, Turkish government eurobonds, foreign private sector bonds and corporate 
eurobonds. 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s portfolio of financial assets measured at 
amortised cost as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Turkish government bonds and treasury bills(1) ..............................
44,159,655
48,358,190
124,497,259
Turkish government eurobonds(2) ...................................................
– 
– 
–
Foreign government bonds..............................................................
14,342,399 
25,176,782
33,829,671
Other ...............................................................................................  
245,198 
327,011 
265,922 
Total financial assets measured at amortised cost portfolio ..  
58,747,252 
73,861,983 
158,592,852 
  
 
 
(1) Turkish Lira-denominated securities. 
(2) Foreign currency-denominated securities.

--- Page 125 ---
104 
As of 31 December 2022, the size of the Group’s portfolio of financial assets measured at amortised cost increased 
by 114.7% to TL 158.6 billion from TL 73.9 billion as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase of 25.7% from TL 58.7 
billion as of 31 December 2020. 
In 2022, the share of the Group’s total investment securities held in its financial assets measured at amortised cost 
portfolio increased to 43.8% of its total investment securities from 34.7% as of 31 December 2021, which itself had 
decreased from 41.2% as of 31 December 2020. 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income portfolio. The Group’s portfolio of 
“financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income” consists of Turkish government bonds and 
treasury bills, Turkish private sector bonds and eurobonds, foreign eurobonds and equity shares. The following table sets out 
certain information relating to the Group’s portfolio of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(TL thousands) 
Turkish government bonds and treasury bills(1)..................
79,838,877
132,669,045
194,185,167
Turkish government eurobonds(2) .......................................
–
–
–
Foreign government bonds .................................................
1,667,726
3,267,785
4,285,953
Bonds issued by corporations and financial institutions.....
2,403,163
2,994,869
5,077,770
Equity shares.......................................................................  
18,160 
21,978 
134,589 
Total financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income portfolio ........  
83,927,925 
138,953,677 
203,683,479 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) Turkish Lira-denominated securities. 
(2) Foreign currency-denominated securities. 
As of 31 December 2022, the size of the Group’s portfolio of financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income increased by 46.6% to TL 203.7 billion from TL 139.0 billion, which itself had increased by 65.6% 
from TL 83.9 billion as of 31 December 2020. In 2021, the Bank further increased its investments in Turkish Lira-
denominated fixed rate Turkish government securities and securities held in its capacity as a market maker in the Turkish 
money market. In 2022, the increase was due to new regulations requiring the purchase of government securities as described 
in “Turkish Regulatory Environment.” 
The Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements included valuation differences on its portfolio of financial assets 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income amounting to TL 2.1 billion, TL 3.4 billion and TL 16.1 billion 
as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, in each case as reflected in other comprehensive income under 
shareholders’ equity. 
B. Maturities of Investments 
The following tables set out the maturities of the foreign currency-denominated securities in the Group’s securities 
portfolio (excluding equity shares but including accrued interest) as of the indicated dates. 
As of 31 December 2022 
1 year or less 
After 1 year 
through 5 years 
After 5 years 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Trading securities ............
888,084
16,478,799
-
17,366,883
Investment securities .......
271,365,521 
94,493,730 
34,452,197 
400,311,448 
Total .............................. 
272,253,605 
94,493,730 
34,452,197 
417,678,331

--- Page 126 ---
105 
As of 31 December 2021 
1 year or less 
After 1 year 
through 5 years 
After 5 years 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Trading securities ............
4,784,092
11,807,732
-
16,591,824
Investment securities .......
94,368,344 
90,959,773 
27,487,543 
212,815,660 
Total .............................. 
99,152,436 
90,959,773 
27,487,543 
229,407,484 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
1 year or less 
After 1 year 
through 5 years 
After 5 years 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Trading securities ............
5,267,358
2,190,923
-
7,458,281
Investment securities .......
71,199,909 
57,502,160 
13,973,108 
142,675,177 
Total .............................. 
76,467,267 
57,502,160 
13,973,108 
150,133,458 
C. Investment Concentrations 
Other than securities issued by the Turkish Treasury, the Group did not hold debt securities of any one issuer that (in 
the aggregate) had a book value in excess of 10% of the Group’s shareholders’ equity as of 31 December 2020, 2021 or 2022. 
As of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Group’s TL 124.0 billion, TL 181.0 billion and TL 318.7 billion of Turkish 
government securities equalled 263.0%, 334.0% and 299.2%, respectively, of the Group’s shareholders’ equity. 
III. Loan Portfolio 
The Group’s loan portfolio including loans to banks amounted to TL 952.5 billion as of 31 December 2022, 
increasing by 61.5% from TL 589.6 billion as of 31 December 2021, which itself increased by 36.5% from TL 431.9 billion 
as of 31 December 2020. As discussed below, there are several important characteristics of the Group’s loan portfolio, 
including diversification based upon sector, type of borrower, maturity, currency, geography and size. 
Loans to Customers 
Loans to customers represent the largest component of the Group’s assets. As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s net 
total cash loans to customers totalled TL 928.4 billion, which represented 54.4% of the Group’s total assets, compared to 
TL 578.4 billion (56.2% of the Group’s total assets) as of 31 December 2021 and TL 423.3 billion (59.4% of the Group’s 
total assets) as of 31 December 2020. The Group’s portfolio of total cash loans to customers, less allowance for possible 
losses, increased by 46.5% in 2021 and then increased further by 61.5% in 2022. These increases were attributable to an 
overall increase in the growth rate of the Group’s lending activity in the SME, commercial and retail loan portfolios. 
The average interest rate that the Group charged to borrowers in 2022 was 11.7% calculated on the basis of the 
average (calculated as the average of the amounts on each of the end of the preceding year and 31 December of such year) 
balances and interest rates (8.9% for 2020 and 10.7% for 2021). 
The Group provides financing for various purposes, although the majority of loans are retail loans, commercial loans 
and loans for working capital purposes. As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s loans with remaining maturities over one year 
but through five years and over five years composed 9.4% and 7.8%, respectively, of the Group’s total loans to customers 
(16.1% and 10.7%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 and 13.9% and 11.0%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021). 
Composition of Loan Portfolio by Currency 
Foreign currency risk-bearing loans comprised 28.5%, 36.8% and 30.9%, respectively, of the Group’s loan portfolio 
(of which U.S. dollar-denominated obligations were the most significant) as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022.

--- Page 127 ---
106 
The following table sets out an analysis by currency of the exposure of the Group’s performing cash loan portfolio 
(including interest and other accruals) as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Turkish Lira..............
315,239,878
71.51%
384,811,350
63.21%
672,444,202
152.53%
U.S. dollar ................
57,680,433
13.08%
104,822,908
17.22%
144,364,859
32.75%
Euro..........................
67,717,358
15.36%
118,995,785
19.55%
156,250,834
35.44%
Other ........................  
214,357 
0.05% 
125,048 
0.02% 
257,358 
0.06% 
Total..................... 
440,852,026 
100.00% 
608,755,091 
100.00% 
973,317,253 
100.00% 
As of 31 December 2021, the amount of foreign exchange-denominated loans decreased by 3.0% in U.S. dollar 
terms compared to 31 December 2020 due to a decline in both the demand for foreign currency-denominated loans for high-
quality projects and the Group’s appetite for funding other types of foreign currency-denominated loans. As of 31 December 
2022, 16,041,171. Retail loans, which are a growing portion of the Group’s total loans, are generally denominated in Turkish 
Lira; however, the Bank’s management believes that longer term loans are likely to remain denominated in foreign currencies 
as there remains some uncertainty with respect to the future inflation rates and the stability of the Turkish Lira. 
A. Types of Loans 
The following table sets out the composition of the Group’s total performing loan portfolio by economic sectors as 
of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Retail loans (excluding credit cards) ..............................
96,216,567
107,781,819
116,687,191
Manufacturing ................................................................
83,027,588
118,229,167
229,342,129
Wholesale and retail trade ..............................................
58,080,392
73,444,817
128,410,141
Financial Institutions ......................................................
8,622,109
11,217,119
24,102,614
Construction ...................................................................
41,169,434
63,825,821
93,442,512
Transportation and Telecommunication.........................
48,418,802
74,558,206
102,955,898
Credit cards.....................................................................
14,637,373
23,600,469
56,414,439
Hotel, food and beverage services..................................
14,975,711
21,743,941
32,977,159
Agriculture and stockbreeding........................................
3,110,817
4,650,718
11,544,402
Health and social services ..............................................
4,422,847
4,530,596
6,650,120
Others ............................................................................. 
59,262,965 
86,032,490 
149,955,112 
Total performing loans............................................. 
431,944,605 
589,615,163 
952,481,717 
As part of its ongoing strategy, the Group intends to continue to increase its lending to SME customers. In addition, 
the Group has during recent years increased its lending to individuals, primarily through consumer loans and, to a lesser 
extent, credit cards, and expects to continue its growth in this market as well. Retail lending increased by 8.26% to TL 116.7 
billion as of 31 December 2022 from TL 107.8 billion as of 31 December 2021, itself a 12.0% increase from TL 96.2 billion 
as of 31 December 2020. The Bank’s management believes that the Group has a particularly good position among its 
competitors in its traditionally strong regions of central and eastern Türkiye, and the Group plans to expand its loan portfolio 
in the İstanbul region.

--- Page 128 ---
107 
The following table sets out the Group’s retail and corporate loans by category as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
CAGR 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Retail loans (excluding credit cards)
Housing ..............................................
40,613,169
48,263,833
54,027,097
5.8%
Auto....................................................
478,516
600,326
3,395,265
137.8%
General purpose loans ........................
49,525,489
49,889,975
59,444,465
9.2%
Overdraft checking accounts .............. 
5,599,393 
9,027,685 
18,452,865 
43.0% 
Total retail loans...............................
96,216,567 
107,781,819 
116,687,191 
4.0% 
Commercial loans ...................................
321,090,665
458,232,875
779,380,087
30.4%
Credit cards.............................................
14,637,373
23,600,469
56,414,439
54.6%
Others ...................................................... 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total loans ......................................... 
431,944,605 
589,615,163 
952,481,717 
27.1% 
B. Maturities and Sensitivities of Loans to Changes in Interest Rates 
The following tables set out certain information relating to the maturity profile of the Group’s loan portfolio (based 
upon scheduled repayments) as of the indicated dates, including accrued interest. 
As of 31 December 2022 
1 year or 
less(1) 
After 1 year 
through 5 years 
After 5 years 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Loans...................................
805,196,883 
91,959,665
76,160,705
973,317,253
 
As of 31 December 2021 
1 year or 
less(1) 
After 1 year 
through 5 years 
After 5 years 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Loans....................................
457,022,085
84,850,824
66,882,182
608,755,091
 
As of 31 December 2020 
1 year or 
less(1) 
After 1 year 
through 5 years 
After 5 years 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Loans...................................
329,336,269
72,375,326
48,163,181
449,874,776
 
  
 
(1) Includes NPLs, net, loans having no stated schedule of repayment and no stated maturity and overdrafts. 
In line with its lending strategy, typically the Group does not lend on terms with a maturity in excess of one year 
except for mortgages and project financings. Although the Group’s loans have a relatively short maturity, many are rolled 
over at the end of their maturity. Further, the majority of the Group’s loans have a variable interest rate, thereby reducing the 
interest rate sensitivity of the Group’s loan portfolio.

--- Page 129 ---
108 
C. Risk Elements 
1. Nonaccrual, Past Due and Restructured Loans 
The following table sets out the composition of the Group’s total NPLs, past due but not impaired loans and loans 
with renegotiated terms as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
NPLs..................................................................
17,930,171
19,139,928
20,835,536
Past due but not impaired..................................
27,358,537
49,274,690
63,458,648
Loans with renegotiated terms ..........................  
15,431,513 
24,668,538 
44,480,460 
Total ..............................................................  
60,720,221 
93,083,156 
128,774,644 
A loan is categorised as non-performing when interest, fees or principal remain unpaid 90 days after the due date. A 
loan is categorised as past due but not impaired when interest, fees or principal remain unpaid 31 to 90 days after the due 
date. A loan is categorised as a loan with renegotiated terms when it meets the following three conditions: (a) the terms of the 
loan have only been renegotiated once, (b) 15% of the principal amount has been repaid and (c) interest, fees and principal 
are paid on a regular and timely basis for a 180 day period. 
2. Potential Problem Loans 
As of each of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, there were no material amounts of loans that are not included in 
the preceding table but for which information known to the Group about possible credit problems of borrowers caused the 
Bank’s management to have serious doubts as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with the present loan repayment 
terms and that might result in disclosure of such loans in the above table for future years. See “– Summary of Loan Loss 
Experience” below. 
3. Loan Concentrations 
As of each of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Group’s loan portfolio did not contain any concentration of 
credits that exceeded 10% of its total loans that are not otherwise already disclosed as a category of loans pursuant to “Types 
of Loans” above. For the purposes of this paragraph, loan concentrations are considered to exist when there are credits to a 
multiple number of borrowers engaged in similar activities that would cause them to be similarly impacted by economic or 
other conditions. 
Cash loans to the Bank’s 10 largest group customers represented 10.9%, 13.8% and 13.2%, respectively, of its 
performing cash loans as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022. In recent years, as a result of improvements in the Turkish 
economy, the percentage of smaller loans in the loan portfolio (including credit card loans and loans to SMEs) has been on an 
increasing trend.  
D. Other Interest-Earning Assets 
As of each of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Group’s other interest-earning assets did not include any non-
loan assets that would be included in III.C.1. (“Nonaccrual, Past Due and Restructured Loans”) or III.C.2. (“Potential 
Problem Loans”) above if such assets were loans. 
IV. Summary of Loan Loss Experience 
The Bank’s credit monitoring department provides monthly reports to the Board detailing all aspects of its credit 
activity, including the number of new problem loans, the status of existing NPLs and collections. The Bank’s senior 
management monitors the timeliness of debt repayments and classified loans and contingent liabilities. Prompt action is taken 
by the appropriate departments having responsibility for supervising and monitoring loan repayments if any principal or

--- Page 130 ---
109 
accrued interest repayment problems arise. Any overall deterioration in the quality of the Group’s loan portfolio or increased 
exposure relating to off-balance sheet contingent liabilities is brought to the attention of the Board. 
The determination of whether a repayment problem has arisen is based upon a number of objective and subjective 
criteria, including changes to the borrower’s turnover in accounts held by the Group, changes to the borrower’s economic and 
financial activity giving rise to the suspicion that a loan is not being used for its original purpose, applications to change 
credit terms, failure of the borrower to fulfil the terms and conditions of its loan agreement and refusal of a borrower to 
cooperate in supplying current information. 
The Group classifies its loan portfolio in its BRSA Financial Statements in accordance with current Turkish banking 
regulations that were recently modified to provide that the calculation of impairment of financial instruments shall be made 
on an expected credit loss basis, which is expected to result in a change in the overall level of impairment allowance. 
The entire principal amount of NPLs is added to provisions. The Group generally does not write-off NPLs 
regardless of the amount of time they have been outstanding. When a loan is placed on non-performing status, interest 
income ceases to accrue. An NPL is restored to accrual status when all arrears have been paid and it is considered likely that 
the customer will continue timely performance. An NPL may also be restored to accrual status if it is determined that the 
repayment of principal and interest is reasonably assured on collection such as in the case when all amounts due under a loan 
are fully collateralised by cash or marketable securities and actions have commenced to foreclose on the collateral; however, 
more typically the Group seeks to collect on NPLs and close its commitments. 
On 27 November 2019, the BRSA published an amendment to the Classification of Loans and Provisions 
Regulation, which was retroactively made effective from 19 July 2019. According to this amendment, if the portion of a loan 
for which a lifelong expected loan loss provision or special provision has been set aside due to the debtor’s default and that is 
classified under Group V is not reasonably expected to be recovered, then such portion/loan may (as an accounting matter) be 
written down within the scope of TFRS 9 as of the first fiscal reporting period following its classification under Group V. In 
2020, NPLs of the Group amounting to TL 890,789 were so written-off, for which a 100% provision has been set aside. 
On 27 March 2020, the BRSA introduced temporary relief for recognition of NPLs and Stage 2 loans to relieve 
banks from the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; however, such rules expired as of the end of 2021. See “Turkish 
Regulatory Environment - Expected Credit Losses.” Notwithstanding this change, the Group’s management continued to 
provide reserves for loans as if this rule had not been implemented in order to adhere to the Group’s own risk models used in 
the calculation of expected credit losses (i.e., the reserves as of 31 December 2020 were not impacted by this change). 
The Group’s NPLs amounted to TL 17.9 billion, TL 19.1 billion and TL 20.8 billion as of 31 December 2020, 2021 
and 2022, respectively. The Group’s ratios of NPLs to total gross cash loans and NPLs to total cash and non-cash loans were 
4.2% and 3.4%, 3.3% and 2.9% and 2.3% and 1.8%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022. The Group’s 
ratio of allowances for possible loan losses as a percentage of NPLs was 76.5%, 76.4% and 81.4% as of 31 December 2020, 
2021 and 2022, respectively. 
Analysis of the Allowance for Loan Losses 
The following table sets forth an analysis of the movements in the allowance for expected credit losses on loans for 
the Group for each year indicated below: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Balances at beginning of year ................................  
16,279,391 
22,557,628
26,927,633
First time adoption effect on opening balance..........
-
-
-
Recoveries ................................................................
(5,378,493)
(6,810,563)
(8,031,591)
Adjustment for currency translation .........................
49,779
74,134
53,429
Provision released .....................................................  
11,617,157 
11,941,319
27,203,605
Provision, net of recoveries ....................................  
22,567,834 
27,762,518
46,153,076
Loans written-off during the year .............................  
(10,206) 
(834,885)
(3,186,885)
Balances at end of year .......................................  
22,557,628 
26,927,633
42,966,191

--- Page 131 ---
110 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s provisions for losses on cash and non-cash 
credit exposures as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Cash...............................................................
22,101,739
26,550,456
42,409,690
Non-cash commitments and contingencies ... 
43,756 
44,305 
50,421 
Total.......................................................... 
22,145,495 
26,594,761 
42,460,111 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s NPLs and related provisions as of the 
indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
NPLs 
Total 
Provision 
% 
Reserved 
NPLs 
Total 
Provision 
% 
Reserved 
NPLs 
Total 
Provision 
% 
Reserved 
Risk Category
Doubtful .................
2,403,646
1,356,977
56%
2,154,152
977,216
45%
2,174,392
1,301,592
60%
Substantial ..............
520,617
321,431
62%
1,105,580
531,455
48%
2,380,890
1,091,792
46%
Loss ........................
15,005,908 
12,039,492 
80%
15,880,196 
13,109,737 
83%
16,280,254 
14,563,609 
89%
Total loans 
classified ............
17,930,171
13,717,900
77%
19,139,928
14,618,408
76%
20,835,536
16,956,993
81%
Gross loans........
427,729,281
582,160,331
930,857,142
Cash loans, net ..
423,199,671
577,838,674
921,667,135
Provisioning 
The Group makes specific allowances for possible loan losses on a case-by-case basis and actual allowances 
established take into account the value of any collateral or third party guarantees. Allowances for possible loan losses are 
defined as the difference between the carrying amounts and the present value of expected future cash flows, including 
amounts recoverable from guarantees and collateral, discounted at the original effective interest rate of the loan. The 
allowances are based upon the Group’s own loss experience and management’s judgment as to the level of losses that will 
most likely be recognised from assets in each credit risk category by reference to the debt service capability and repayment 
history of the borrower. The allowances for possible loan losses in the BRSA Financial Statements are also determined on the 
basis of existing economic and political conditions. The Bank is not in a position to predict what changes in conditions will 
take place in Türkiye and what effect such changes might have on the adequacy of the Group’s allowances for possible loan 
losses in future periods. 
In addition to specific allowances for possible loan losses, the Group also records collective impairment. A 
collective component of the total allowance is established for groups of homogeneous loans that are not considered 
individually significant, and groups of assets that are individually significant but that were not found to be individually 
impaired. A collective allowance for groups of homogeneous loans is established using statistical methods such as roll rate 
methodology or, for small portfolios with insufficient information, a formula approach based upon historic loss rate 
experience. The roll rate methodology uses statistical analysis of historical data on delinquency to estimate the amount of 
loss. The estimate of loss arrived at on the basis of historical information is then reviewed to ensure that it appropriately 
reflects the economic conditions and product mix at the reporting date. 
Pursuant to the Regulation on Provisions and Classification of Loans and Receivables loans: (a) that are classified 
under Groups III, IV and V, (b) the debtors of which are deemed to have defaulted pursuant to the Communiqué on the 
Calculation of Principal Subject to Credit Risk by Internal-Ratings Based Approaches (published in the Official Gazette 
dated 23 October 2015 and numbered 29511) or (c) to which, as a result of debtor’s default, the lifetime expected credit loss 
reserve applies under TFRS 9 are classified as NPLs. Financial guarantees are also classified as NPLs on the basis of their 
nominal amounts in case where: (i) a risk of a compensation claim by the creditor has occurred or (ii) the debt assumed under 
the relevant financial guarantee falls within the scope of any of the circumstances stated in clause (a), (b) or (c). If several 
loans have been extended to a debtor by the same bank and any of these loans is classified as an NPL, then all other loans

--- Page 132 ---
111 
extended to such debtor by such bank shall also be classified as NPLs; however, for consumer loans, even if any of these 
loans is classified as an NPL, other consumer loans granted to the same debtor may be classified in the respective applicable 
group other than Group I. 
A loan is characterised as “impaired” when interest fees or principal remain unpaid 90 days after the due date. As of 
31 December 2022, the share of loans restructured before being classified as impaired amounted to TL 44.5 billion, which 
amounted to 4.77% of the Bank’s total loans. This compared to TL 15.4 billion (3.66% of the Bank’s total loans) and TL 24.7 
billion (4.30% of the Bank’s total loans), respectively, as of 31 December 2020 and 2021. The share of gross loans on the 
Bank’s watch list (i.e., Stage 2 loans) was 7.74%, 10.50% and 8.09%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022. 
As of 31 December 2022, TL 32.06 billion in loans that had not been restructured were under “Stage 2 loans.” 
V. Deposits 
The Group’s deposits consist of demand deposits (current accounts) and time deposits from customers and banks. 
Deposits from non-bank customers, which represent the principal source of funds for the Group’s lending and investment 
activities, accounted for 59.3%, 57.7% and 65.9%, respectively, of the Group’s total liabilities as of 31 December 2020, 2021 
and 2022. Loans from banks excluding subordinated liabilities accounted for 7.8%, 10.1% and 8.7%, respectively, of the 
Group’s total liabilities as of such dates. Other sources of funding include (inter alia) deposits from banks, obligations under 
repurchase agreements and, to a lesser extent, overnight bank deposits. 
The following table sets out the Group’s deposits and other sources of funding as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Deposits from customers............................ 394,488,685
59.3%
562,582,062
57.7%
1,054,000,268
65.9%
Deposits from banks...................................
23,033,197
3.5%
33,227,916
3.4%
78,097,475
4.9%
Obligations under repurchase agreements..
56,956,105
8.6%
142,091,998
14.6%
137,754,703
8.6%
Funds borrowed..........................................
51,688,995
7.8%
98,436,671
10.1%
139,368,819
8.7%
Debt securities issued.................................
46,154,523
6.9%
62,537,627
6.4%
71,078,119
4.4%
Subordinated Liabilities .............................
19,458,798
2.9%
28,968,427
3.0%
24,043,286
1.5%
Other liabilities ........................................... 
73,158,127 
11.0% 
46,856,369 
4.8% 
96,163,659 
6.0% 
Total ...................................................... 664,938,430 
100.0% 
974,701,070 
100.0% 
1,600,506,329 
100.0% 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s deposits in Turkish currency and foreign 
currency as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Turkish Lira deposits .........................
214,241,507
51.3%
254,392,314
42.7%
678,221,429
59.9%
Foreign currency deposits(1)...............
203,280,375 
48.7% 
341,417,664 
57.3% 
453,876,314 
40.1% 
Total ..............................................
417,521,882 
100.0% 
595,809,978 
100.0% 
1,132,097,743 
100.0% 
 
 
 
 
(1) Foreign currency risk-bearing deposits. 
In 2020, 2021 and 2022, the foreign currency distribution of deposits has trended in favour of Turkish Lira as a 
result of lower inflation, reduced exchange rate fluctuation and the significant decline in interest rates. 
Deposits from Customers 
Customer current accounts generally bear no interest and can be withdrawn upon demand. For customer time 
deposits, different interest rates are paid on the various types of accounts offered by the Group. The Group’s deposits from 
customers mainly are comprised of savings deposits, commercial deposits, foreign currency deposits and obligations under 
repurchase agreements.

--- Page 133 ---
112 
Public agencies and instrumentalities funded out of the state budget are obliged to keep their cash in Turkish Lira-
denominated demand deposit accounts at the Central Bank or T.C. Ziraat Bankası A.Ş. (“Ziraat”). Other public institutions 
are obliged by law to keep their cash in accounts at the Central Bank, Ziraat, Halkbank or the Bank. As of 31 December 
2022, 17.06% of the Bank’s deposits had been made by such entities and by state-owned enterprises, compared with 15.0% 
as of 31 December 2021 and 18.2% as of 31 December 2020. See also “The Group and its Business – Operations – 
Deposits.” The Bank’s management believes that the Bank provides such entities with banking services competitive both in 
price and quality with private sector banks. Nevertheless, the Bank’s management believes that the Group needs to diversify 
further its deposit base to reduce reliance upon deposits by state-controlled entities. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the 
Group and its Business – Funding Risks – Liquidity Risk.” 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s deposits from customers and financial institutions by 
composition as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Savings and certificate of deposit(1)...................
70,784,254 
86,799,899 
194,355,592 
Demand deposits..............................................
10,033,091
15,231,477
27,937,402
Time deposits...................................................
60,751,163
71,568,422
166,418,190
Public, commercial and other(2) ........................
134,632,165 
150,604,201 
435,136,009 
Demand deposits..............................................
25,881,700
36,369,094
81,676,885
Time deposits...................................................
108,750,465
114,235,107
353,459,124
Interbank............................................................
23,033,197 
33,227,916 
78,097,475 
Demand deposits .............................................
1,636,729
1,887,223
3,039,064
Time deposits ..................................................
21,396,468
31,340,693
75,058,411
Foreign currency ...............................................
170,280,190 
295,721,107 
382,957,785 
Demand deposits..............................................
26,859,937
67,643,026
109,203,856
Time deposits...................................................
143,420,253 
228,078,081 
273,753,929 
Total ................................................................
398,729,806 
566,353,123 
1,090,546,861 
 
 
 
 
(1) Represents Turkish Lira deposits taken from retail customers. 
(2) Represents Turkish Lira deposits taken from government-related corporates, SMEs and other entities that are not individuals. 
In 2022, the average effective interest rates applied to customer deposits were 2.33% for U.S. dollars, 1.81% for 
euro and 17.67% for Turkish Lira (1.1%, 0.4% and 16.1%, respectively, in 2021 and 2.8%, 1.6% and 14.8%, respectively, in 
2020). For additional information on average rates paid on deposits, see I. (Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and 
Shareholders’ Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential) above. 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s demand and time deposits from customers as of the 
indicated dates (deposits from banks are not included): 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Demand deposits....................... 
80,000,913 
145,837,176 
256,717,323 
Turkish Lira deposits..............
53,140,976
78,194,150
147,513,467
Foreign currency deposits ......
26,859,937
67,643,026
109,203,856
Time deposits ............................ 
314,487,772 
416,744,886 
256,717,323 
Turkish Lira deposits..............
171,067,519
188,666,805
147,513,467
Foreign currency deposits ...... 
143,420,253 
228,078,081 
109,203,856 
Total ....................................... 
394,488,685 
562,582,062 
513,434,646

--- Page 134 ---
113 
Deposits from Banks 
The Group’s deposits from banks increased by 135.0% to TL 78.1 billion as of 31 December 2022 from TL 33.2 
billion as of 31 December 2021, itself a 44.3% increase from TL 23.0 billion as of 31 December 2020. 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s demand and time deposits from banks as of the indicated 
dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Demand deposits .......................
1,636,729
1,887,223
3,039,064
Time deposits.............................  
21,396,468 
31,340,693 
75,058,411 
Total .......................................  
23,033,197 
33,227,916 
78,097,475 
VI. Return on Equity and Assets 
The following table sets out certain of the Group’s selected financial ratios and other data for the indicated years: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Net profit........................................................................
6,407,380
5,335,696
26,466,615
Average total assets........................................................
572,565,823
870,495,808
1,367,976,482
Average shareholders’ equity.........................................
40,352,189
50,676,058
80,362,778
Return on average total assets ........................................
1.12%
0.61%
1.93%
Return on average shareholders’ equity .........................
15.88%
10.53%
32.93%
Equity to assets ratio ......................................................
7.05%
5.82%
5.87%
VII. Funds Borrowed and Certain Other Liabilities 
Funds Borrowed 
The following table sets out a breakdown of loans to the Group from banks outstanding as of the indicated dates by 
source and maturity profile (including accrued interest): 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(TL thousands) 
Short-term borrowings....................................................
5,494,945
7,288,167
13,378,291
Long-term debts (short-term portion).............................
44,731,050
31,812,202
47,510,111
Long-term debts (medium and long-term portion).........
1,463,000
59,336,302
78,480,417
Total ...........................................................................  
51,688,995 
98,436,671 
139,368,819 
The following table sets out certain information as to the currency of the Group’s borrowings outstanding (including 
accrued interest) as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Turkish Lira....................................
2,450,296
4.74%
3,507,327
3.56%
14,481,137
10.39%
Foreign currency .............................  
49,238,699 
95.26% 
94,929,344 
96.44% 
124,887,682 
89.61% 
Total ...........................................  
51,688,995 
100.00% 
98,436,671 
100.00% 
139,368,819 
100.00%

--- Page 135 ---
114 
The following table sets out certain information as to the maturity profile of the Group’s borrowings outstanding 
(including accrued interest) as of the indicated dates: 
 
31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Maturity Date:
(TL thousands)
Within one year.................................
44,124,162
70,858,742
103,545,457
One to five years ...............................
5,419,524
18,123,503
24,694,117
Over five years .................................. 
507,370 
7,087,156 
5,658,719 
Total ............................................... 
50,051,056 
96,069,401 
133,898,293 
The following tables set out a description of the Group’s material borrowings (or fund-raisings through “future 
flow” transactions) (excluding accrued interest) as of the indicated dates (short-term being one year or less) (with many of the 
indicated interest rates being based upon a floating rate, principally USD LIBOR(SOFR)/EURIBOR (though each applicable 
such debt using its own definition of such benchmark rates), and thus re-set periodically and the “DPR Transactions” not 
including any amounts payable to financial guarantors). 
As of 31 December 2022 
Interest rate 
Latest 
maturity 
Amount in 
original 
currency 
Short-term 
portion 
Medium- and 
long-term 
portion 
(millions)
(TL millions)
Syndicated loan ....................
SOFR + 2.75%
2023 
$199.5
3,736.6 
–
Syndicated loan ....................
EURIBOR + 2.10%
2023 
€738.7
14,759.0 
–
Syndicated loan ....................
SOFR + 4.25%
2023 
$222.5
4,167.4
–
Syndicated loan ....................
EURIBOR + 4.00% 
2023 
€328.0
6,553.3
–
DPR Transaction I ................
Private
2023
$5.6
104.1
60.0
DPR Transaction XV............
Private
2023
€3.1
61.9
0.0
DPR Transaction XVIII........
Private
2023
$26.6
67.94
0.0
DPR Transaction XIX ..........
Private 
2023 
$24.0 
58.1
0.0
DPR Transaction XX............
Private 
2023 
$36.0 
92.9 
0.0
DPR Transaction XXI ..........
Private 
2028 
$300.0 
281.0
5,338.1 
DPR Transaction XXII .........
Private 
2026 
$417.0 
2,210.1
3,176.7 
DPR Transaction XXIII........
Private 
2027 
$461.5 
2,033.9
6,184.1 
DPR Transaction XXIV........
Private 
2028 
$200.0 
0.0
2,680.0 
DPR Transaction XXV.........
Private 
2026 
$508.0 
–
6,807.2 
DPR Transaction XXVI........
Private 
2026 
€200.0 
1,238.7
3,041.5 
DPR Transaction XXVII ......
Private 
2026 
$129.0 
749.2
979.4 
DPR Transaction XXVIII.....
Private 
2026 
€40.6 
249.7
367.7 
DPR Transaction XXIV........
Private 
2026 
$115.4 
561.9
1,546.4 
Eurobond IV.........................
5.75%
2023
$650.0
12,174.5
–
Eurobond V ..........................
8.13% 
2024 
$600.0 
–
11,238.0 
Eurobond VI.........................
5.25% 
2025 
$750.0 
–
10,050.0 
Eurobond VII........................
6.50%
2026
$750.0
–
10,050.0
Eurobond VIII ......................
5.50%
2026
$500.0
–
6,700.0
Covered Bond V ................... 
Private 
2023 
TL 1,000.0 
1,000.0 
– 
Total ................................ 
 
 
 
52,928.6 
68,158.9

--- Page 136 ---
115 
As of 31 December 2021 
Interest rate 
Latest 
maturity 
Amount in 
original 
currency 
Short-term 
portion 
Medium- and 
long-term 
portion 
(millions)
(TL millions)
Syndicated loan ....................
LIBOR + 2.50%
2022 
$237.5
3,182.5 
–
Syndicated loan ....................
EURIBOR + 2.25%
2022 
$691.3
10,512.8 
–
Syndicated loan ....................
LIBOR + 2.15%
2022 
$296.0
3,966.4
–
Syndicated loan ....................
EURIBOR + 1.75% 
2022 
$313.5
4,767.5
–
DPR Transaction I ................
Private
2023
$16.6
148.9
73.6
DPR Transaction XV............
Private
2023
$24.0
317.8
47.1
DPR Transaction XVIII........
Private
2023
$26.6
352.4
52.1
DPR Transaction XIX ..........
Private 
2023 
$24.0 
280.1
41.5
DPR Transaction XX............
Private 
2023 
$36.0 
476.7 
70.7
DPR Transaction XXI ..........
Private 
2028 
$300.0 
–
4,020.0 
DPR Transaction XXII .........
Private 
2026 
$417.0 
201.0
5,386.8 
DPR Transaction XXIII........
Private 
2027 
$461.5 
–
6,184.1 
DPR Transaction XXIV........
Private 
2028 
$200.0 
–
2,680.0 
DPR Transaction XXV.........
Private 
2026 
$508.0 
–
6,807.2 
Eurobond III .........................
5.63% 
2022 
$500.0 
6,700.0
– 
Eurobond IV.........................
5.75%
2023
$650.0
–
8,710.0
Eurobond V ..........................
8.13% 
2024 
$600.0 
–
8,040.0 
Eurobond VI.........................
5.25% 
2025 
$750.0 
–
10,050.0 
Eurobond VII........................
6.50%
2026
$750.0
–
10,050.0
Eurobond VIII ......................
5.50%
2026
$500.0
–
6,700.0
Covered Bond II ...................
Private
2023
TL 1,333.0
1,333.0
Covered Bond III..................
Private 
2022 
TL 1,333.0 
1,333.0
– 
Covered Bond V...................
Private 
2023 
TL 1,000.0 
–
1,000.0 
Covered Bond VI(1)...............
Private 
2027 
TL 396.3 
396.3
– 
Covered Bond VII(1) ............. 
Private 
2027 
TL 1,118.2 
1,118.2 
– 
Total ................................ 
 
 
 
34,231.2 
78,180.3 
 
 
 
 
(1) These covered bonds were prepaid in January 2022.

--- Page 137 ---
116 
As of 31 December 2020 
Interest rate 
Latest 
maturity 
Amount in 
original 
currency 
Short-term 
portion 
Medium- and 
long-term 
portion 
(millions)
(TL millions)
Syndicated loan ....................
LIBOR + 1.85%
2021 
$257.0
1,914.7 
–
Syndicated loan ....................
LIBOR + 1.85%
2021 
$55.0
409.8 
–
Syndicated loan ....................
EURIBOR + 1.60%
2021 
€589.50
5,392.6
–
Syndicated loan ....................
LIBOR + 2.10% 
2021 
$160.0
1,192.0
–
Syndicated loan ....................
EURIBOR + 1.85%
2021
€521.00
4,766.0
–
Syndicated loan ....................
LIBOR + 1.85%
2021
$257.0
1,914.7
–
DPR Transaction I ................
Private
2023
$27.8
82.8
124.2
DPR Transaction VII............
Private
2021
$114.3
851.4
0.0
DPR Transaction IX .............
Private
2021
$13.1
97.8
0.0
DPR Transaction X...............
Private 
2021 
$13.1 
97.8
0.0
DPR Transaction XI .............
Private 
2023 
$171.6 
493.0
785.2
DPR Transaction XII............
Private 
2021 
$15.8 
117.3
0.0
DPR Transaction XIII...........
Private 
2021 
$28.9 
215.1
0.0
DPR Transaction XIV ..........
Private 
2021 
€19.7 
180.1
0.0
DPR Transaction XV............
Private 
2023 
€41.0 
155.5 
219.5
DPR Transaction XVI ..........
Private 
2023 
$48.5 
145.6
215.3 
DPR Transaction XVII .........
Private 
2023 
$41.0 
126.7
178.8 
DPR Transaction XVIII........
Private 
2023 
€46.0 
177.5
243.1 
DPR Transaction XIX ..........
Private 
2023 
$41.0 
126.7
178.8 
DPR Transaction XX............
Private 
2023 
€61.5 
233.3
329.3 
DPR Transaction XXI ..........
Private 
2028 
$300.0 
–
2,235.0 
DPR Transaction XXII .........
Private
2026
$417.0
–
3,106.7
Eurobond II...........................
5.5% 
2021 
$500.0 
–
3,725.0 
Eurobond III .........................
5.625% 
2022 
$500.0 
–
3,725.0 
Eurobond IV.........................
5.75% 
2023 
$650.0 
–
4,842.5 
Eurobond V ..........................
8.125%
2024
$600.0
–
4,470.0
Eurobond VI.........................
5.25%
2025
$750.0
–
5,587.5
Eurobond VII........................
6.50%
2026
$750.0
–
5,587.5
Covered Bond I.....................
2.375% 
2021 
€500.0 
4,573.9
– 
Covered Bond II ...................
Private 
2023 
TL 1,333.0 
–
1,333.0 
Covered Bond III..................
Private 
2022 
TL 1,333.0 
–
1,333.0 
Covered Bond IV..................
Private 
2023 
TL 1,000.0 
–
1,000.0 
Covered Bond V...................
Private 
2023 
TL 1,000.0 
–
1,000.0 
Covered Bond VI..................
Private 
2027 
TL 396.3 
–
396.3 
Covered Bond VII ................ 
Private 
2027 
TL 1,118.2 
– 
1,118.2 
Total ................................ 
 
 
 
21,349.4 
41,733.9 
 
The Bank has also issued certain smaller and/or shorter tenor Series of notes under the Programme. The Bank may 
issue, from time to time, additional Series of notes under the Programme, which (as permitted by the Programme) may be in 
any currency, with any tenor and with any interest rate and which issuances may be listed or unlisted. 
In addition to the above, the Group has entered into various transactions with multilateral and developmental 
institutions, export credit agencies and other lenders, principally for the purposes of financing project financings, micro, 
small and medium-sized enterprises, energy efficiency projects or certain imports. 
Many of the Group’s financings include provisions permitting the applicable creditors to require the accelerated 
repayment of the applicable indebtedness, including as a result of a breach of a financial or other covenant or the occurrence 
of a change of control. The Group monitors its compliance with its obligations under its financing arrangements in order to 
seek to avoid any such acceleration.

--- Page 138 ---
117 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management believes that the Bank’s and the Group’s liquidity is 
sufficient for its present requirements for at least the next 12 months after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Obligations under Repurchase Agreements 
The Group’s obligations arising from agreements for the repurchase/resale of securities amounted to TL 137.8 
billion as of 31 December 2022, which decreased by 3.1% from TL 142.1 billion as of 31 December 2021, which itself had 
increased by 149.5% from TL 56.9 billion as of 31 December 2020. These obligations represented 8.1%, 13.8% and 8.0%, 
respectively, of the total liabilities of the Group as of such dates. 
Subordinated Liabilities 
In November and December 2012, the Bank issued US$900 million of subordinated notes due 2022, which notes 
were approved by the BRSA for inclusion in the Bank’s tier 2 capital; however, the amendments to the Equity Regulation, 
which entered into force on 31 March 2016, provide that tier 2 instruments that were issued between 12 September 2010 and 
1 January 2013 (so long as they satisfied the Tier 2 Conditions other than the condition stated in sub-clause (i) of the Tier 2 
Conditions (i.e., the condition regarding the loss absorption due to the cancellation of a bank’s licence or transfer of the 
bank’s management to the SDIF pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law)) are included in tier 2 calculations after being 
reduced by 20% for the period between 1 January 2014 and 31 December 2014 and by 10% for each subsequent year (the 
calculations being made based upon the total amount of the debt instruments as of 1 January 2013). In February 2017, the 
Bank exchanged part of this subordinated note offering for US$227,605,000 of Basel III-compliant subordinated notes due 
2027, which notes were fully redeemed in November 2022 pursuant to an issuer call option. Also in November 2022, the 
remaining part of the Basel II-compliant notes issued in November and December 2012 (i.e., US$672,395,000) were fully 
redeemed. 
In February 2015, the Bank issued US$500 million of subordinated Eurobonds due 2025, which notes were the first 
Basel III-compliant tier 2 offering for a Turkish bank. The Bank exercised its option to prepay these notes on their fifth 
anniversary in February 2020. 
On 24 April 2019, the Bank issued to a sub-fund of the Türkiye Wealth Fund €700,000,000 of perpetual fixed rate 
resettable additional tier 1 notes under the Programme. 
Guarantees and Other Contingent Liabilities 
The Group enters into certain financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business in 
order to meet the needs of its customers. These instruments, which include letters of guarantee, acceptance credits, letters of 
credit and other commitments and contingencies, involve varying degrees of credit risk and are not reflected in the Group’s 
balance sheet. The Group’s maximum exposure to credit losses for letters of guarantee and acceptance credits and letters of 
credit is represented by the contractual amount of these transactions. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire 
without being drawn upon, the total amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. See “Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and 
Contingencies.” 
Derivative Transactions 
Forward foreign exchange contracts are agreements to purchase or sell a specific quantity of a foreign currency or 
precious metals at an agreed-upon price with delivery and settlement on a specified future date. Such contracts include only 
deliverable contracts. Risks arise from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts and from 
movements in currency exchange rates. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s outstanding derivative transactions (e.g., spots, forwards, swaps, future rate 
agreements, options and forward agreements for gold trading) amounted to TL 404 billion, compared to TL 349.4 billion as 
of 31 December 2021 and TL 230.7 billion as of 31 December 2020.

--- Page 139 ---
118 
The following table sets out the breakdown of outstanding derivative contracts by type of transaction as of the 
indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Currency swaps:
Purchases...................................................................
45,216,536
58,426,218
55,533,478
Sales ..........................................................................
48,145,169
52,217,881
63,521,709
Currency forwards:
Purchases...................................................................
1,546,527
7,258,231
1,183,285
Sales ..........................................................................
1,527,117
7,235,594
1,002,151
Cross currency interest rate swaps:
Purchases...................................................................
12,497,045
12,186,694
26,030,676
Sales ..........................................................................
10,485,971
5,926,656
14,760,886
Interest rate swaps:
Purchases...................................................................
39,963,156
63,795,327
72,699,637
Sales ..........................................................................
39,963,156
63,795,326
72,699,636
Options:
Purchases...................................................................
574,234
3,604,683
11,364,853
Sales ..........................................................................
592,082
3,676,992
11,129,775
Currency, interest rate and investment security options:
Purchases...................................................................
–
–
–
Sales ..........................................................................
–
–
–
Futures:
Purchases...................................................................
186,250
–
–
Sales ..........................................................................
195,835
–
–
Other:
Purchases...................................................................
17,194,208
38,066,879
40,431,153
Sales ..........................................................................
12,594,439
33,168,818
32,241,441
 
 
 
 
Total of purchases...................................................  
117,177,956 
183,338,032 
207,898,632 
Total of sales ............................................................  
113,503,769 
166,021,267 
196,176,480 
Total of transactions ...............................................  
230,681,725 
349,359,299 
404,075,112

--- Page 140 ---
119 
THE GROUP AND ITS BUSINESS 
Overview of the Group 
The Bank is a full service commercial and retail bank with its headquarters in İstanbul, Türkiye and is controlled by 
the Turkish Treasury, which (pursuant to Decree No. 696) on 11 December 2019 acquired shares in the Bank that had 
previously been held by various foundations managed by the GDF and (indirectly through the Türkiye Wealth Fund) 
acquired newly issued shares of the Bank on 20 May 2020 and again on 21 March 2022 and 19 April 2023. See “Ownership.” 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank was the second largest Turkish bank in terms of assets, loans and deposits and fourth in 
terms of branch network according to the BRSA and the Banks Association of Türkiye. As of such date, the Bank provided 
retail, commercial and investment banking services through a network of 945 full service branches in Türkiye distributed 
throughout 81 cities, including 132 branches in Ankara, 235 branches in İstanbul and 74 branches in İzmir. 
Internationally, the Bank has a subsidiary in each of Austria and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus and a 
branch in each of New York City, Bahrain and in Erbil in the Republic of Iraq. In February 2021, the Bank opened a branch 
in Qatar. In February 2021, the Bank opened a branch in Qatar and then opened an office in the PRC in April 2023. In 
addition, the Bank offers its services through alternative distribution channels such as ATMs, a call centre, mobile banking 
and internet banking. The call centre and internet banking together served more than 5.9 million customers during 2022. See 
“Alternative Distribution Channels.” As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had 16,961 employees. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had approximately 21.5 million retail customers with TL 178.3 billion in total 
retail loans (TL 107.4 billion and TL 124.7 billion, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 and 2021), and had issued 
approximately 17.4 million debit cards, making it one of the largest debit card issuers in Türkiye according to Interbank Card 
Centre. The Bank’s retail products and services include deposit-taking (through the establishment of Turkish Lira and foreign 
currency demand and time deposit accounts), direct debit and deposit services, consumer loans (such as cash advances, 
overdraft facilities, credit cards, automobile loans and home mortgages) and electronic banking services, such as automated 
payments and related transactions. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had 4,148 ATMs. 
The Bank also provides a wide range of financial products and services to its Corporate & Commercial Banking and 
SME clients, which consist of large Turkish corporations, commercial clients, trade companies and SMEs. As of 
31 December 2022, the Bank had over 5,640 corporate clients and over 66,430 commercial banking clients (of which there 
were over 606,000 SME clients). The Bank’s principal products and services for these customers include general corporate 
and working capital finance, project finance, structured finance, letters of credit, trade finance (including pre-export loans, 
bills of collection drawn on foreign banks, acceptance letters of credit and advance payment and performance guarantees), 
and other short-term credit facilities denominated in Turkish Lira and foreign currencies, deposit-taking, electronic banking 
services and cash management services. 
The following table shows the Bank’s market share in Türkiye for deposits, loans and assets as of the indicated 
dates: 
 
31 December  
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Deposits ...................................
8.81%
9.80%
11.98%
11.14%
12.73%
Loans .......................................
9.25%
10.34%
11.80%
11.71%
12.31%
Assets.......................................
8.57%
9.34%
11.44%
10.93%
11.72%
 
  
 
Source: BRSA 
Many public institutions in Türkiye are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, obliged by law to keep their cash in 
accounts at the Central Bank, Ziraat, Halkbank or the Bank. The Bank’s management believes that the Bank provides such 
institutions with banking services that are competitive in both price and quality when compared to the private sector banks 
and that it enjoys well-established relationships with these enterprises. See “-Deposits” below. 
The Bank also conducts treasury operations, and during 2022 approximately 66.30% of its earnings were generated 
from government securities intermediation and holdings, which profit was the result of foreign exchange transactions.

--- Page 141 ---
120 
Through its treasury department, the Bank deals in both Turkish Lira and foreign currency, trading fixed income, money 
market instruments and currency and interest rate swaps for its own account and for the account of its customers. 
The Group seeks to maintain the quality of its assets by obtaining collateral for a significant part of its loan portfolio, 
utilising credit analysis designed to minimise NPLs and employing conservative provisioning standards for Stage 3 expected 
credit loss regardless of collateral. As of 31 December 2022, 67.64% of its cash loan portfolio and 56.83% of its non-cash 
loan portfolio, or 65.19% of its total loan portfolio (including commitments and contingencies), (in each case, by amount) 
were collateralised. 
The compound average growth rate in the Group’s net profit (less the non-controlling interests’ share of net profit) 
was 101.81% per year during the period 2020 through 2022 and the Group’s return on average equity for 2020, 2021 and 
2022 was 15.88%, 10.53% and 32.93%, respectively. In 2021, the Group’s net income decreased by 16.73% compared to the 
previous year, mainly due to the increase in the cost of funding and a 10.80% increase in other operating expenses, which 
was offset in part by a 42.62% increase in net fee and commission income. In 2022, the Group’s net income increased by 
396.03% compared to the previous year, mainly due to a 272.68% increase in the net interest income (itself largely due to a 
463.67% increase in interest income from CPI-linked bonds) as compared to the same period of the previous year. During the 
2020-2022 period, the Group’s assets grew at a compound average growth rate of 54.83% per year. 
The Group was among the top six listed Turkish banks in terms of cost efficiency, with the second lowest cost-to-
income ratio and highest assets per branch ratio and assets per employee ratio as of (or for the year ended) 31 December 
2022, according to the BRSA. 
History 
The Bank was founded on 13 April 1954 under the Vakıfbank Law. The Bank’s initial purpose was the management 
of the cash revenues and expenditures of the charitable foundations set up by the government during the Ottoman Empire. 
The Bank was established in Ankara and quickly began conducting banking activities with branch offices in İstanbul, Ankara 
and İzmir. In 1956, after conducting extensive studies and surveys in the major economic centres across Türkiye, the Bank 
continued its growth by opening an additional 10 branches. In 1957, the Bank made its first venture towards broadening its 
services with the establishment of Güneş Sigorta, a non-life insurance subsidiary (which was acquired by the Türkiye Wealth 
Fund in April 2020 and renamed Türkiye Sigorta). Over the next 20 years, the Bank continued to expand and widen its 
geographic presence in Türkiye by opening new branches throughout the country, including in other important commercial 
and industrial regions. 
During the 1980s, the Bank sought to keep pace with technological advances and placed special emphasis on 
improving its operations by making investments in technology. In the early 1990s, the Bank increased the scope of its 
consumer lending and diversified its loan portfolio by broadening its lending practices to include equipment financing, 
enterprise loans, auto loans, housing loans and loans for marriage, vacation and education. It began to expand its credit card 
business by lending to high quality clients and increasing its base of merchant customers, students and working class 
employees as well as by automating and centralising its point of sale authorisation system. The Bank also introduced self-
service banking, telephone banking and a mobile bank branch office, a full service branch office on wheels (“Autobank”), to 
its customers and was the first bank in Türkiye to offer payment services by credit card over the telephone. In 1995, the Bank 
established its New York branch in order to increase its exposure to international markets. 
After the 2001 financial crisis, the Bank’s capital adequacy ratio decreased below the minimum levels then 
established by the BRSA, and the Bank received a capital injection from the government in the form of a TL 213.3 million 
subordinated loan from the SDIF. In 2005, the Bank and the Vakıfbank Pension Fund sold, respectively, 27,900 million and 
4,300 million common shares of the Bank in an initial public offering, representing 21.8% and 3.4%, respectively, of the 
Bank’s total shares, part of the proceeds of which were used to repay the SDIF loan. The ownership structure of the Bank 
remained unchanged since the 2005 initial public offering until the share transfer from the GDF to the Turkish Treasury 
described above was finalised on 11 December 2019, with the Turkish Treasury then acquiring (through the Türkiye Wealth 
Fund) additional shares on 20 May 2020 and 21 March 2022 as described above.

--- Page 142 ---
121 
Key Strengths 
The Bank’s management believes that the Group has a number of key strengths that enable the Group to compete 
effectively in the Turkish banking sector. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management sees these key 
strengths as being: 
• 
a broad customer base with cross-selling potential, including: (a) a retail franchise of approximately 21.5 
million customers (including 1.9 million payroll clients) with a leading market position among the Turkish 
middle class according to the BRSA market share data and (b) a commercial banking practice focused on the 
SME sector with over 606,000 clients, 
• 
access to and understanding of state-related companies as a result of long-standing relationships, 
• 
a comprehensive range of banking products especially in key growth product segments, such as retail and SME 
lending, 
• 
brand name recognition and customer service, 
• 
a nationwide branch network and alternative distribution channels, including a strong presence and competitive 
advantage in Anatolia and increased focus on the Marmara region (primarily through branch openings in 
İstanbul), and 
• 
profitability supported by cost control and a strong deposit base. 
Advantages of being a State-Controlled Bank. The Bank’s management believes that the Group has a number of 
advantages arising from its relationship with the Turkish state. These advantages include: 
• 
an ownership structure that provides the stability of a state-controlled entity as well as the flexibility of a private 
sector institution, 
• 
preferential access to subordinated debt or capital from the Turkish state; it being understood that there is no 
commitment on the part of the Turkish state to provide any such amounts, 
• 
lower cost and more reliable funding from state-controlled entity deposits, and 
• 
state-guaranteed special multinational borrowings from the World Bank (US$332.4 million as of 31 December 
2022, the EIB (US$172.1 million as of 31 December 2022) and KfW (US$85.3 million as of 31 December 
2022), which borrowings are unconditionally guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury. 
Strategy 
The Bank’s overall strategic objective is to become one of the leading banking groups in Türkiye in terms of assets, 
loans and deposits by leveraging its existing franchise and customer base. The key elements of the Bank’s strategy are set out 
below: 
Focus on the rapidly growing retail and SME sectors 
The retail and SME sectors’ growth potential combined with the Bank’s existing strengths in these areas support the 
Bank’s focus on these segments. As part of its aim to be a leading participant in the retail and SME sectors, the Bank is 
continuously seeking to widen its product and service range, develop its distribution network, introduce new sales initiatives 
and improve its credit risk policies.

--- Page 143 ---
122 
The Bank has well-established positions in many areas of retail banking and its client base of approximately 
21.5 million retail customers as of 31 December 2022 (which has grown from approximately 10.2 million customers as of 
30 June 2010) offers potential for significant further growth. Many of the Bank’s approximately 1.9 million payroll 
customers, of which approximately 1.4 million were active working employees and the rest were pensioners as of 
31 December 2022, turn to the Bank for the majority of their banking needs and thus represent a particularly valuable 
customer base for the Bank. In addition, the Bank’s knowledge of these customers’ financial history and access to their 
deposits allow the Bank to offer competitive product pricing (for deposit and loan products) and also to manage credit risk. 
The Bank has segmented its customer base and has implemented an active sales approach, which includes branch renovation, 
staff reorganisation and introduction of relationship managers. 
The Bank began focusing on the SME lending business in 2003. The number of total SME customers exceeded 
606,000 as of 31 December 2022. The Bank has deployed SME relationship managers to service and foster existing client 
relationships and has set clear sales targets, developed incentive programmes and instituted an increased awareness and focus 
on sales goals. The Bank seeks to become a leading intermediary in channeling loans from various international 
organisations, such as Türk Exim Bank, World Bank-IBRD, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, 
Agence Francaise de Développement, EIB and KfW to the SME sector. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank’s: (a) SME loans increased 69.53% to TL 232.6 billion from TL 137.2 billion as 
of 31 December 2021, which itself was a 29.63% increase from TL 105.8 billion as of the end of the previous year, (b) retail 
loans increased 42.91% to TL 178.3 billion from TL 124.7 billion as of 31 December 2021, which itself was a 16.19% 
increase from TL 107.4 billion as of the end of the previous year, (c) residential mortgages increased 11.94% to TL 54.0 
billion from TL 48.3 billion as of 31 December 2021, which itself was an increase of 18.84% from TL 40.6 billion as of the 
end of the previous year, and (d) general purpose consumer loans increased by 19.15% to TL 59.4 billion from TL 49.9 
billion as of 31 December 2021, which itself was a 0.73% increase from TL 49.5 billion as of the end of the previous year. 
At the same time, the Bank intends to continue to develop its relationships with large corporates and state-owned 
enterprises, which are also the source of payroll customers, and believes that its established relationship with certain 
government and state-owned entities will allow it to maintain payroll customers from the state sector. The Bank treats the 
payroll business as a key element in the retail lending market. As of 31 December 2022, retail lending contributed 19.10% of 
the Bank’s total lending activity by value (25.44% as of 31 December 2020 and 21.74% as of 31 December 2021). 
Due to changes in Turkish applicable laws, the KGF was, as of January 2017, authorised to provide guarantees for 
SMEs and other enterprises (in particular, to those that are not able to obtain bank loans due to their insufficient collateral). 
The KGF-related lending had a positive impact on the Turkish economy and positively impacted the asset quality of Turkish 
banks (including the Bank) as a result of the increased loan growth. In February 2018, the available amount under the KGF 
programme was increased by TL 55 billion. In May 2018, a further increase of TL 35 billion was implemented to replace the 
KGF-guaranteed loans that had already been repaid. As of January 2019, an additional TL 20 billion limit was allocated by 
the government under the KGF guarantee for the use of SMEs with 2017 annual turnover of TL 25 million or less. On 
6 March 2019, an additional TL 20 billion limit was allocated by the government for the use of SMEs with a yearly turnover 
of TL 125 million or less without any industry-specific limitations. On 30 March 2020, an additional TL 25 billion limit was 
allocated by the government under the KGF guarantee in order to address the economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 162 published in the Official Gazette dated 11 October 2018, loans guaranteed by the 
Turkish Treasury under the KGF programme may be restructured up to 96 months for working capital loans and up to 156 
months for investment loans. Such Presidential Decree also requires lenders to provide an opportunity to the borrowers to 
restructure their KGF-guaranteed loans prior to any recourse to the KGF guarantee. The Bank had TL 87.0 billion in loans 
utilised under the KGF programme, and an approximately TL 28.5 billion limit on loans available to be utilised under the 
KGF programme, as of 31 December 2022. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management expects that KGF 
lending to SMEs and lending to both commercial and retail customers will be limited in 2022 compared to 2021 and 2022, 
which was driven by the expansion of the KGF programme resulting from the implementation of the government’s economic 
support package. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment - Credit Guarantee Fund.” 
Improve cross-selling ratio to all client segments 
The Bank has identified cross-selling potential among both its existing retail customers and its extensive corporate 
and SME customer base, and the Bank believes that it can significantly increase its cross-selling ratios. The Bank intends to

--- Page 144 ---
123 
focus on cross-selling by utilising its extensive branch network, customer segmentation and targeted sales efforts, introducing 
product improvement and innovation and through network modernisation. 
Continue diversifying deposit base 
Although the Bank has the advantage of being eligible to receive certain deposits from state-controlled entities, the 
Bank intends to increase the diversification of its total deposits through its retail deposit base, which has been declining in 
recent periods. As of 31 December 2022: (a) total retail deposits accounted for 33.3% of the Bank’s total deposits (37.4% and 
40.8%, respectively as of the end of 2020 and 2021), (b) state sector deposits represented 14.1% of the Bank’s total deposits 
(18.2% and 14.2%, respectively, as of the end of 2020 and 2021) and (c) state-controlled deposits open for competition 
accounted for 5.0% of the Bank’s total deposits (9.4% and 8.8, respectively, as of the end of 2020 and 2021). The Bank has 
been growing its retail and SME deposits and aims to continue this growth by active sale initiatives and the introduction of 
new saving options and packaged products. In addition, the Bank has expanded its branch network in İstanbul and the 
Marmara region, which has further contributed to increasing retail deposits. With regard to the state sector deposits, the Bank 
has long-standing, well-established relationships with a significant number of state entities, including three major Turkish 
metropolitan municipalities. 
Improve overall operations and systems 
The Bank’s strategy going forward is to focus primarily on maintaining its profitability and cost control and not 
simply to grow its market share. The Group has been working to further improve its operating efficiencies through 
organisational restructuring, investments in human resources and information technology, remodeling of the Bank’s 
branches, focusing on marketing at the branch level and the ongoing development of its internal control functions, including 
the implementation of regional portfolio managers in its commercial banking operations. In addition, the Group has been 
investing resources in strengthening its credit risk policies and systems to allow the Group to grow its lending portfolio in a 
profitable manner. 
Competition and Market Trends 
Although the banking industry in Türkiye is highly competitive, the Bank’s management believes that the Group is 
well-positioned to compete in this environment due to its extensive distribution network, large customer base and strengths in 
retail banking. The banking sector in Türkiye has gradually consolidated since 2001 through the elimination of financially 
weak banks, which has resulted in a more focused competitive environment. 
As of 31 March 2023, 52 banks (including domestic and foreign banks but excluding the Central Bank and the six 
participation banks, which conduct their business under different legislation in accordance with Islamic banking principles) 
were operating in Türkiye. The private commercial banks in Türkiye can be divided into four groups: large local banks, 
medium-sized local banks, banks under foreign ownership and smaller local banks. See “The Turkish Banking Sector” 
below. 
The Bank’s main competitors are Türkiye İş Bankası A.Ş. (“İşbank”), Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş. (“Garanti”), 
Akbank T.A.Ş. (“Akbank”), Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. (“Yapı Kredi Bank”), Halkbank and Ziraat. The principal measures 
of the Bank’s performance compared to these other banks include growth in lending, total assets, profitability and deposits. 
According to the BRSA, the Bank’s market share in total assets was 11.7% and its lending market share was 12.3% as of 
31 December 2022. The Bank’s management believes that the Bank has not yet fully tapped its existing customer base and 
therefore cross-selling is a key element in its growth strategy, and also believes that the Bank has the opportunity to add new 
customers as its branch network expands. 
The Bank’s management believes that there is a high growth potential in the retail banking sector. According to the 
BRSA, the sector experienced strong retail loan growth, including retail credit card loans, increasing approximately 40.4% in 
2020, 20.2% in 2021 and 55.8% in 2022. Continued retail loan growth in the country is anticipated by the Bank’s 
management due to Türkiye’s young population and increasing real wages. Overall consumer indebtedness is still relatively 
low, although Türkiye has a well-developed credit card market. There is also significant potential for growth in mortgage 
lending in Türkiye, where the total amount of mortgage loans as a percentage of GDP was only 2.4% as of 31 December 
2022 (5.5% and 4.1%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 and 2021) according to the BRSA. The use of floating rate loans

--- Page 145 ---
124 
allows banks to respond to customer demands for long-term residential mortgages and presents a significant growth 
opportunity; however, restrictions on a bank’s ability to lend foreign currency-denominated mortgages make residential 
mortgages marginally less attractive to certain borrowers due to the higher Turkish Lira interest rates. 
Operations 
The Bank has four principal business departments: Retail Banking, Corporate & Commercial Banking, International 
Banking, and Treasury and Investment Banking. In addition, the Bank (including through its subsidiaries and other affiliated 
companies in which the Bank has an interest) provides brokerage, insurance, fund and portfolio management and overseas 
banking services. The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Bank’s deposits, cash loans portfolio and operating 
revenue as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022, according to BRSA figures, for each of these departments: 
 
As of (or for the year ended) 
31 December 2022 
 
Deposits 
Loans 
Operating 
Revenue 
Retail Banking department......................................
33.35%
19.42%
2.62%
Corporate & Commercial Banking department.......
59.73%
65.07%
21.31%
International Banking department(1) ........................
-
-
-
Treasury and Investment Banking department........
6.92%
17.69%
66.30%
Other........................................................................
- 
- 
9.77% 
Total ....................................................................  
100.00% 
100.00% 
100.00% 
   
 
(1) The International Banking department is not a direct profit centre. 
Each of the four principal business departments is described below. 
Retail Banking 
Retail banking has long been the Bank’s primary focus. The Bank provides a broad range of retail banking and 
financial services to its retail customers, including Turkish Lira and foreign currency deposits, loans (including auto and 
mortgage loans), credit and debit cards, investment accounts, utility payments and payroll services. The Bank’s primary 
target market for its retail banking operations is middle-income individuals, including managers and employees in state-
controlled entities, private sector employees and retirees. The Bank utilises its extensive branch network and alternative 
distribution channels, co-branding and co-marketing to attract new retail customers. In recent years, the Bank has been 
particularly focused on expanding its retail deposit base in order to reduce the share of public sector deposits in its total 
deposits. 
The Bank’s management believes that the ongoing economic development of Türkiye will continue to present 
significant opportunities for growth and profitability for Turkish financial institutions within the retail banking sector. The 
Bank seeks to provide a comprehensive range of retail banking products as well as providing “product bundles” of banking 
services with the aim of becoming each customer’s primary bank. Furthermore, by actively pursuing the considerable cross-
selling opportunities available within its target retail customer base, the Bank also aims to increase revenue per customer. 
The Bank offers retail banking and related financial services to approximately 21.5 million customers as of 
31 December 2022. As of such date, the Bank had approximately 1.9 million payroll clients, of which approximately 1.4 
million were working employee customers and the remainder were retirees.

--- Page 146 ---
125 
The following table sets forth the shares of the Retail Banking department’s operations in the Bank’s deposits, loans, 
NPLs and operating revenues as of (or for the year ended on) the indicated dates: 
 
As of (or for the year ended) 
31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Retail banking deposits / total deposits ..........................................  
37.39%
40.82%
33.35%
Retail banking cash loans / total cash loans ...................................
25.44%
21.74%
19.10%
Retail banking NPLs / total NPLs..................................................
13.44%
20.27%
18.34%
Retail banking operating revenues / total operating revenues........
17.20%
9.77%
2.62%
The Bank continues to focus on product innovation as the retail banking market matures in order to meet changing 
client needs. The Bank was a pioneer in Türkiye in such products and services as mutual funds, long-term vehicle loans, 
telephone banking, internet banking, payroll services, utility payment facilities and the residential mortgage business. The 
following sections describe the Bank’s most important retail banking products and services. 
Deposits 
The Bank offers a broad range of deposit accounts, including interest and non-interest-bearing demand and savings 
accounts, foreign currency deposit accounts and dual currency deposit accounts. Through retail deposits, the Bank seeks to 
obtain a low cost funding base that enables it to support its lending operations. 
The Bank’s retail deposits represented 33.3% of its total deposits as of 31 December 2022, with a total of TL 376.1 
billion (37.39% and TL 154.8 billion as of 31 December 2020 and 40.82% and TL 241.2 billion as of 31 December 2021). As 
of 31 December 2022, 22.85% of the Bank’s total deposits were demand deposits and 39.64% were foreign currency deposits 
(19.45% and 48.04%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 and 24.69% and 56.78%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021). 
The Bank has experienced growth in retail deposits, benefitting from the growth in the Turkish economy and 
supported by the Bank’s expansion (in number and geographical range) of its branch network. The Bank’s total retail 
deposits grew 55.83% in 2021 and a further 55.89% in 2022. The Bank’s share of the Turkish market’s retail Turkish Lira 
demand deposits was 6.0% on both 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, where it remained as of 31 December 2022, 
whereas the Banks’ share of the Turkish market’s retail Turkish Lira term deposits decreased slightly from 8.8% on 
31 December 2020 to 8.7% as of 31 December 2021 before decreasing further to 8.3% as of 31 December 2022, each 
according to the BRSA. 
Public agencies are obliged to keep some of their deposits (i.e., core deposits) exclusively at the three state-
controlled banks, Ziraat (which has exclusive rights to receive certain types of such deposits), Halkbank or the Bank. The 
remaining funds of public agencies are permitted to be deposited at any bank. The Bank treats these state-controlled deposits 
as part of the state deposits segment and, according to management data, TL 75.4 billion, TL 84.1 billion and TL 158.7 
billion, respectively, of the Bank’s deposits had been made by such entities as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022. 
As of 31 December 2022, TL 56.7 billion of these state-related deposits were open to competition (as compared to 
TL 38.8 billion and TL 52.0 billion, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 and 2021) and the rest were core deposits. The 
Bank’s management believes that the Bank provides such entities with banking services that are competitive in both price and 
quality when compared to the private sector banks and that it enjoys well-established relationships with these entities. In 
addition, many of the state clients of the Bank have signed long-term payroll contracts for their employees (typically between 
3-5 years), which makes switching to another bank administratively difficult to implement. The Bank’s ratio of state deposits 
to overall deposits was 14.08% as of 31 December 2022 due to the contribution of core state-related deposits (i.e., deposits 
from Turkish governmental entities that are not only available for state-owned banks) (which accounted for 9.0% of the 
overall deposits as of such date), for which the Bank has been attracting a growing amount due to its long relationship with 
these clients.

--- Page 147 ---
126 
Consumer Lending 
The Bank was the second largest listed consumer lender (excluding credit cards but including residential mortgage 
loans, auto loans and overdrafts) in Türkiye as of 31 December 2022, with a TL 135.3 billion outstanding balance on such 
loans, representing a 12.48% market share according to the BRSA (TL 96.2 billion and 14.23% as of 31 December 2020 and 
TL 107.8 billion and 13.88% as of 31 December 2021). 
In addition, as of 31 December 2022, the Bank had a 15.00% market share in mortgage loans (outstanding balance 
of TL 54.0 billion) and a 6.84% market share for auto loans (outstanding balance of TL 3.4 billion), according to the BRSA. 
The Bank’s market share in retail credit cards (by outstanding balance) was 7.71%, 8.08% and 9.49%, respectively, as of 
31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 according to the BRSA, with a balance of TL 11.2 billion, TL 17.0 billion and TL 43.0 
billion, respectively, as of such dates. 
The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Retail Banking department’s loan portfolio as of the indicated 
dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
General purpose loans........
46.12%
39.99%
33.34%
Auto loans..........................
0.45%
0.48%
1.90%
Credit cards........................
10.39%
13.60%
24.10%
Mortgages ..........................
37.83%
38.69%
30.31%
Overdrafts .......................... 
5.22% 
7.24% 
10.35% 
Total ............................. 
100.00% 
100.00% 
100.00% 
In order to diversify its retail loan portfolio, the Bank offers a wide variety of loans, including specific loan types for 
government employees, homeowners, parents, teachers, students and soldiers. The following summarises the Bank’s most 
important loan products other than credit cards, which are described in greater detail separately below: 
General Purpose Loans. General purpose loans are short-term (typically less than three years) and repaid in 
monthly instalments. Bullet repayment loans to finance the borrower’s cash needs for items such as education or 
home improvement are also available. These loans are required by law to be provided in Turkish Lira. As general 
purpose loans are generally unsecured, the credit analysis focuses closely on the potential borrower’s income, assets 
and history with the Bank. The Bank’s long-lasting relationships with payroll clients are a dominant risk mitigation 
factor as their monthly instalments are generally deducted from regular salaries paid through the Bank. 
Auto Loans. Auto loans are provided for the purchase of both new and second-hand vehicles. These loans 
are denominated in Turkish Lira, have a maximum maturity of four years, have an amortising repayment profile, 
have a fixed interest rate and are secured by the vehicle. To benefit from the increased growth in the auto loan 
market, marketing campaigns have been organised by the Bank under agreements made with some of the leading 
automotive manufacturers. 
Mortgages. The Bank provides loans for the purchase of housing, which remains a relatively under-
penetrated business in Türkiye. Historically mortgage loans had been offered both in Turkish Lira and foreign 
currency but recent legislation requires that almost all retail mortgages be denominated in Turkish Lira in order to 
match the income of retail borrowers. Under Turkish regulations, the Bank’s mortgages have a maximum loan-to-
value ratio of 80% at the time of issuance and amortise. 
Overdrafts. Demand deposit customers may apply for an “overdraft” lending product on their account, 
which enables them to access funds (both in Turkish Lira and foreign currencies) up to a pre-agreed limit beyond the 
cash balance in their account. Such draws are required to be repaid in 30 days.

--- Page 148 ---
127 
Credit Cards 
The Group views credit cards as an important segment as it generates significant fee and commission income and 
has a high relative spread compared to other credit products, albeit with higher NPL rates and a high degree of focus from 
regulators. The Bank has been in the credit card business since 1988 and both issues credit cards as well as acquires credit 
card vouchers from merchants. The Bank has agreements with Visa, MasterCard and Troy to issue Visa (classic, gold, 
platinum, business, affinity and co-branded credit cards and prepaid cards), MasterCard (classic, gold, platinum, business, 
affinity and co-branded credit cards and prepaid cards) and Troy (classic, gold, platinum and prepaid cards). To further 
expand its customer base, the Bank also has a number of co-branded credit card agreements with stores, municipalities, sports 
teams and other organisations. The Bank issues specialised credit cards for students, teachers, police officers and soldiers and 
prepaid cards for students and individuals receiving aid from some municipalities. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had 
over 7,967,400 credit cards issued, which (according to the Interbank Card Centre) represented a 7.94% market share by 
number of credit cards outstanding and a 7.79% market share in terms of credit card transaction value volume. 
As of 31 December 2022, the amount of outstanding credit card receivables increased by 139.04% to TL 56.4 billion 
from TL 23.6 billion as of the end of the previous year, which itself had increased by 61.23% from TL 14.5 billion as of 
31 December 2020, which increases largely reflected organic growth in the amount of credit card customers and their 
purchases as well as inflation. As is typical for the Turkish banking sector, credit card receivables generally have the highest 
NPL results of all of the Bank’s loan products, and the following table sets forth credit cards’ share of the Bank’s total cash 
loans and total NPLs as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Credit Cards Cash Loans / Total Cash Loans....
3.47%
4.11%
6.04%
Credit Cards NPLs / Total NPLs.......................
4.64%
5.05%
5.22%
Through its point-of-sale terminals, the Bank “acquires” vouchers from merchants when their customers use a credit 
card (whether issued by the Bank or another issuer) to make payments for goods or services. In acquiring these vouchers, the 
Bank pays the merchant a discounted amount from the face value of the charge and then seeks reimbursement through the 
Interbank Card Centre (for credit cards issued by a Turkish issuer) or the applicable credit card network (for credit cards 
issued by non-Turkish issuers). In this process, the Bank earns fee income (i.e., the discount on the acquired vouchers) 
without taking credit risk on the merchant or its customers. The number of the Bank’s point-of-sale terminals at merchants 
increased from 216,804 units as of 31 December 2017 to 1,289,467 units as of 31 December 2022. This increase was 
primarily due to increased penetration into the SME segment as well as increased focus on credit cards and the eligibility of 
Yapı Kredi Bank’s credit cards to work with the Bank’s point-of-sale terminals. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had 
1,235,672 member merchants using the Bank’s point-of-sale terminals. In 2021 and 2022, the Bank’s acquisition business 
was negatively impacted by Central Bank rules that, from 1 November 2019, capped the commission rates that banks may 
apply to such acquisitions, which made such business less profitable (or even unprofitable). 
The Bank maintains credit card security systems with multiple layers of protection to prevent fraud. The Bank also 
uses proprietary systems to monitor customers and merchant transactions according to Visa, MasterCard and BKM 
Interpolate Credit Card Centre standards. 
Debit Cards 
Since introducing its first debit card in 1990, the Bank has been a leader in the Turkish debit card market. The Bank 
is one of the largest issuers of debit cards in Türkiye as of 31 December 2022, with 17,414,030 cards issued, representing 
7.24% of the debit card market by number of cards issued according to the Interbank Card Centre. The Bank’s strong market 
position in the employer payroll business is one of the reasons for the Bank’s large issuance of debit cards. 
The Bank issues four types of debit cards marketed under the brand names Electron, Maestro and Troy, as a means 
of product diversification. Each card permits the holder to access his or her current account and conduct transactions, 
including ATM withdrawals, fund transfers, balance enquiries, retail purchases, utility payments and investment account 
transactions.

--- Page 149 ---
128 
The Bank also offers Gümkart, a commercial debit card that offers exporters a more convenient option for paying 
customs tax. The Bank worked closely with the Directorate General of Public Accounts and the Ministry of Trade to develop 
Gümkart, which can be used at any customs gate with one of the Bank’s point-of-sale terminals. Whereas customers 
generally must make customs tax payment via cash or check, Gümkart allows customers to make customs payments with the 
convenience of a debit card. The usage of the card has grown from TL 12.7 billion in 2010 to TL 143.1 billion in 2021. In 
2021, the Turkish Treasury started a revision in the point-of-sale terminals for Gümkart, which transition resulted in there not 
being any usage of the system during 2022; however, the Bank expects to offer Gümkart services again once the Turkish 
Treasury has updated the system. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had 4,148 ATMs, the sixth highest number of ATMs among all banks in Türkiye 
according to the Interbank Card Centre. 
Utility Payments 
The Bank’s regular payments system enables customers who have credit and/or deposit accounts with the Bank to 
pay their utility invoices and credit card invoices automatically. During 2022, 1,629,436 of the Bank’s retail customers and 
322,240 of the Bank’s commercial and corporate clients used this utility payment system at least once. The Bank does not 
charge its clients any fee for these payments but the proceeds collected stay at the Bank’s demand deposit accounts without 
interest for a certain time as agreed with the applicable utility service provider (typically between one and seven days). 
Payroll Services 
As a result of agreements made with 8,340 organisations and institutions, the Bank provided payroll services to 
approximately 2.3 million customers as of 31 December 2021. The total payroll paid in 2022 was TL 226.1 billion, an 
increase of 61.84% when compared to TL 139.7 billion in 2021, which itself was 12.93% greater than the TL 123.7 billion in 
2020. The Bank provides limited service branches in the locations where some of its payroll services customers work. The 
Bank’s customers who utilise payroll services generally comprise a stable customer base and on average have a higher cross-
selling ratio than the Bank’s other retail clients. As the Bank was a pioneer in providing payroll services, the Bank’s 
management believes that the Bank has a strategic strength in this area; however, other Turkish banks have aggressively 
entered this market in recent years and there is significant competition. 
Insurance Operations 
As a result of the financial services sector’s competitive environment, the Bank began offering banking and 
insurance services together as one package. Türkiye Hayat Emeklilik, a pension fund company that was a subsidiary of the 
Bank until April 2020, assisted in these efforts, which were promoted under the name of “Insurance Banking.” In order to 
maximise sales, promote the use of insurance services and increase the Bank’s income from such sales, the Bank had a 
special incentive programme for its employees who were engaged in the sale of cumulative and non-cumulative Türkiye 
Hayat Emeklilik and Türkiye Sigorta insurance products and private pension products, as applicable. Türkiye Hayat 
Emeklilik and Türkiye Sigorta used the Bank’s distribution platform extensively to obtain new clients. As discussed in detail 
below, after the finalisation of the share transfer of Türkiye Hayat Emeklilik and Türkiye Sigorta on 22 April 2020, Türkiye 
Hayat Emeklilik and Türkiye Sigorta started to operate as Türkiye Hayat ve Emeklilik A.Ş. and Türkiye Sigorta A.Ş., 
respectively, and continue to use the Bank’s distribution platform extensively to obtain new clients. 
The Turkish Treasury has announced that, as a part of the reforms set out in its New Economic Programme, there 
was to be a consolidation of the state-owned insurance and life and private pension companies. In connection therewith, on 
13 December 2019, the Bank commenced negotiations with the Türkiye Wealth Fund in relation to the transfer to a new 
company to be established by the Türkiye Wealth Fund of the shares held by the Bank in: (a) Türkiye Sigorta, which 
represented 56.39% of its share capital as of such date, and (b) Türkiye Hayat Emeklilik, which represented 53.90% of its 
share capital as of such date. On 22 April 2020, the Bank and TVF Finansal, a subsidiary of the Türkiye Wealth Fund, signed 
share transfer agreements and concluded the transfer to TVF Finansal of the shares held by the Bank in: (i) Türkiye Sigorta, 
which represented 51.1% of its share capital as of such date, and (ii) Türkiye Hayat Emeklilik, which represented 53.90% of 
its share capital as of such date. For 2020, Türkiye Sigorta and Türkiye Hayat Emeklilik earned 7.58% and 6.52%, 
respectively, of the Group’s net profit.

--- Page 150 ---
129 
Corporate & Commercial Banking 
The Bank’s Corporate & Commercial Banking department is responsible for the Bank’s relationships with 
commercial and corporate entities (whether multinationals or large Turkish corporations) and state-controlled bodies. While 
the Corporate & Commercial Banking department places particular emphasis on foreign currency-denominated transactions 
and trade finance facilities, its product portfolio also includes project finance loans, collection services, cash transfer services, 
business-to-business activities, foreign exchange services, corporate finance services, electronic banking services, cash 
management services and investment services. The Bank targets both large corporates and commercials in high growth 
sectors as well as state economic enterprises and municipalities. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Corporate & Commercial Banking department had over 5,640 corporate clients and 
over 66,430 commercial clients (including state-controlled and related clients). As of such date, the Bank was the second 
largest commercial banking institution in Türkiye in terms of total assets according to the Banks Association of Türkiye. In 
order to increase its share of the commercial banking market, further expand its existing corporate customer portfolio and 
diversify risk within its portfolio, the Bank developed new products and services such as cash management services like 
Gümkart, which was the first programme of its kind in Türkiye to facilitate a reliable payment system for tax payments in 
customs, and also raw material and business premise purchasing loans and energy efficiency financing products. The Bank’s 
management believes that the growth of the Turkish commercial banking market will permit it to continue to cross-sell 
traditional banking products, such as payroll services, internet banking, business-to-business products and other innovative 
banking services and products to its Corporate & Commercial Banking clients. 
The following table sets forth the shares of the Corporate & Commercial Banking department’s operations in the 
Bank’s deposits (including state deposits and other institutions’ deposits), loans, NPLs and operating revenues as of (or for 
the year ended on) the indicated dates: 
 
As of (or for the year ended) 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Corporate & Commercial Banking Deposits / Total Deposits ........................................ 
62.61% 
59.18% 
66.65%
State-controlled bodies .....................................................................................................
18.21%
14.22%
14.08%
Corporates and SMEs.......................................................................................................
44.40%
44.95%
52.57%
Corporate & Commercial Banking Cash Loans / Total Cash Loans............................. 
73.51% 
76.86% 
51.68%
State-controlled bodies .....................................................................................................
5.71%
6.34%
8.32%
SMEs................................................................................................................................
25.08%
22.72%
24.92%
Other.................................................................................................................................
42.72%
47.80%
18.45%
Corporate & Commercial Banking NPL / Total NPL ratios(1) .......................................
4.57% 
3.16% 
2.21%
SMEs................................................................................................................................
7.06%
5.58%
3.93%
Other.................................................................................................................................
3.24%
2.10%
1.34%
Corporate & Commercial Banking Operating Revenues / Total Operating Revenues  
32.90% 
59.35% 
21.31%
 
 
 
 
(1) 
The NPL ratios of the segments are calculated as total cumulative NPLs/the sum of cumulative NPLs plus performing loans of the segment. 
As of 31 December 2022, the total amount of the Bank’s lending to the commercial sector (corporate, SMEs and 
state-controlled bodies) constituted 51.68% of its total loan portfolio. Also as of such date, deposits from the commercial 
sector (excluding interbank funds sold) constituted 66.65% of the Bank’s total deposits. 
SME Banking 
In March 2010, the Bank established an SME marketing sub-department and re-segmented the SME business in 
order to increase its focus on this sector (prior to that time, SMEs were serviced generally by the Corporate & Commercial 
Banking department). The Bank’s SME Banking department is responsible for the Bank’s relationships with micro-, small- 
and mid-cap SMEs. The Bank classifies SMEs using criteria based upon their segments and include businesses in the 
commerce, service and manufacturing sectors with an annual turnover of less than TL 500 million, hospitality businesses 
with less than a 500 bed capacity and an asset size of less than TL 500 million and energy sector companies with less than a 
25 MW annual energy production capacity and less than TL 500 million in average adjusted annual net sales during the last 
three years. As of 31 December 2022, the SME Banking department had over 606,000 clients and over 1,940 SME portfolio 
managers, who serve in various branches of the Bank. Loan origination to SMEs is subject to an SME scorecard assessment 
under the authority of the head office.

--- Page 151 ---
130 
Loans 
The Bank maintains a diversified loan portfolio with an emphasis on Turkish companies with high export volumes. 
The Bank offers these companies loan facilities predominantly in Turkish Lira, U.S. dollars and euro. Cash loans provided by 
the Bank include working capital finance, revolving credit facilities, receivables finance, foreign trade finance, foreign 
currency-indexed loans, bills of exchange and project finance loans. Project finance loans are typically high profile 
investments in conjunction with large international development agencies, such as the World Bank. Additionally, Turkish 
Lira- and foreign currency-denominated pre-export loans are extended in order to support the export-oriented industries, to 
increase their competitive strength in international markets and to provide financing at the export preparation stage. The Bank 
also provides performance guarantees and bid bonds, principally in relation to the projects of companies in the manufacturing 
sector. 
With regard to non-cash facilities, the Bank provides both domestic and foreign currency facilities to its Corporate 
& Commercial Banking customers, principally comprising guarantees in relation to imports and letters of credit in respect of 
trade financing activities. The Bank’s import trading volume increased by 106.97% from US$13.1 billion in 2020 to US$26.9 
billion in 2021 and then further increased by 89% to US$51 billion in 2022. In 2021, both the Bank’s and Türkiye’s overall 
trade volume increased in both 2021 and 2022. Based upon figures published by the Central Bank, the Bank handled 
approximately 6.38 of Türkiye’s total import trading volume in 2020, increased that share to 9.92% during 2021 and then 
increased that share further to 14.25% during 2022. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Corporate & Commercial Banking department’s loan portfolio (including corporate, 
commercial and SME loans) was TL 721.5 billion, representing a 63.60% increase from TL 441.0 billion as of 31 December 
2021, itself representing a 42.13% increase from TL 310.2 billion as of 31 December 2020. The increases in 2021 and 2022 
occurred throughout commercial and corporate loans, SME loans and retail loans, which loan demand was the result of the 
inflationary environment and economic conditions in Türkiye. 
Project Finance Lending. The Bank has been active in the provision of project finance loans and syndicated loans in 
Türkiye. The Bank was one of the first, and is one of the leading, large project finance banks in Türkiye and continues to 
focus on its large project finance business. The Bank’s long-term project finance lending has grown from TL 84.2 billion as 
of 31 December 2020 to TL 120.7 billion as of 31 December 2021 and TL 171.7 billion as of 31 December 2022. The 
maturity of the Bank’s project finance loans generally range from five to ten years, with one- to two-year grace periods 
depending upon the project; however, in contrast to large infrastructure project financings, SME project loans include 
medium- and long-term loans, have a maturity of at least two years and fund investments in fixed assets. 
The Bank finances investment projects either through its own sources or through long-term financing arrangements 
provided by various financial institutions (such as the World Bank, the EIB, the Council of Europe Development Bank and 
export credit agencies) by executing loan agreements and framework agreements with these credit institutions and 
intermediary banks. As of 31 December 2022, €22.4 million, US$19.9 million and TL 4.2 billion of the outstanding loans 
extended by the Bank for project finance came from international financial institutions and TL 166.7 billion came from the 
Bank’s own resources (such as deposits and other foreign borrowings like “future flow” transactions, syndicated loans and 
bilateral financings). 
Project finance lending has historically been a low risk business for the Bank; however, particularly given the large 
size of some of these exposures, a default by a project finance borrower might result in significant losses for the Bank. 
SMEs 
SME lending is a core part of the Bank’s business and provides important cross-selling opportunities with the 
Bank’s Retail Banking department (for example, the owners and employees of the SME customers). Reflecting the Bank’s 
commitment to expanding the SME sector as a customer base, it has signed cooperation agreements with Türkiye’s Chamber 
of Industry and Commerce as well as initiated various collaborations with trade associations representing doctors, dentists, 
pharmacists, lawyers, notaries, artisans and craftsmen. The Bank’s SME loans amounted to TL 239.1 billion in 2022, a 
74.29% increase from TL 137.2 billion in 2021, itself a 29.63% increase from TL 105.8 billion in 2020. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management expects that the growth rate of SME loans will be limited in 2023 compared to 
2021 and 2022 as normalisation on the lending side is expected whereas in 2021 the growth was driven by an increase in 
loans under the KGF programme resulting from implementation of the government’s economic support package.

--- Page 152 ---
131 
The Bank sees opportunities to expand its SME customer base by collaborating with chambers of commerce, local 
unions of craftsmen and artisans and the Small and Medium Industry Development Organisation (“KOSGEB”). In June 2004, 
the Bank signed a protocol with KOSGEB to extend foreign currency pre-export loans to SMEs, the interest on which is paid 
by KOSGEB. While this programme no longer provides loans, approximately 900 SMEs received financing under this 
facility, which customer base provides opportunities for cross-selling payroll services, payment services, co-branding 
arrangements, collection services, business-to-business services and lending. 
The Bank established a new SME marketing sub-department and re-segmented the SME business in March 2010 in 
order to increase its focus on this sector. Prior to such time, SMEs were serviced generally by the Corporate & Commercial 
Banking department. 
International Banking 
The Bank has expanded its international operations since 2000 in line with the expansion of its loan book and trade-
related services. The Bank focuses on international operations to maintain market share in foreign trade, for product and risk 
differentiation in foreign trade, to gain a greater presence in global financial markets and to meet the changing needs of 
existing and potential clients. The Bank (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) has a branch in each of New York City, Arbil 
and Bahrain, through which the Bank provides basic financial services such as trade finance and corporate lending. In 
addition, the Bank (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) also has subsidiaries in Austria and the Turkish Republic of 
Northern Cyprus, which are overseen by the International Banking department and are described in “Subsidiaries and Other 
Affiliated Companies” below. In February 2019, the Bank obtained the approval of the BRSA to open representative offices 
in the PRC and Qatar with the purpose of enhancing its international operations. On 10 May 2020, the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority approved the Bank’s request for a license to conduct banking activities in Qatar. In February 2021, the 
Bank opened a branch in Qatar and then opened an office in the PRC in April 2023. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had 
1,175 correspondent banks in 117 countries. 
As the Bank aims to be one of the leading foreign trade banks in Türkiye, the Bank’s management has increased 
emphasis on gaining a larger market share in the trade finance business. In 2022, the Bank (which handled approximately 
15% of Türkiye’s total letter of credit business in both import and export transactions during the year) increased its trade-
related commercial payments volume by 48% as compared to the previous year, which themselves had increased by 47% 
from 2020. The Bank maintains trade finance operations in İstanbul to serve clients in all regions, thereby leaving the 
branches to remain more focused on marketing activities. 
The Bank issues letters of guarantee denominated in foreign currencies in favour of domestic and foreign companies 
participating in international tenders, and also issues foreign currency-denominated guarantees to secure cash and non-cash 
credits used in the financing of export and import businesses. This department also conducts activities generating long-term 
resources and funding for the Bank from international financial markets through syndicated loans, bond issuances, “future 
flow” transactions and other products. 
Treasury and Investment Banking 
The Treasury and Investment Banking department is divided into two principal divisions – the Treasury division and 
the Investment Banking division. The Treasury division’s main goals are to diversify and enhance the quantity and quality of 
the Bank’s funding sources and to maintain its position as a market maker in the Turkish money markets. The Bank aims to 
achieve these goals through its centralised Treasury management, which oversees the funding of the commercial, retail and 
investment banking activities of the Bank as well as its treasury activities. While the initiatives of both the Retail Banking 
and Corporate & Commercial Banking departments enable the development of a stable and sustainable local and foreign 
currency liability base (i.e., deposits), the Treasury division seeks to obtain longer-term funding to support these departments’ 
long-term lending for mortgages, project financings and other cash loans for which short-term deposits typically do not 
provide matching of the Bank’s assets and liabilities. The Investment Banking division, on the other hand, seeks to achieve 
high trading volumes in equities, mutual funds and government securities to improve the Bank’s market share in the capital 
markets area. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank was one of 11 market makers in relation to Turkish government securities. A 
significant proportion of the Bank’s treasury operation earnings derive from intermediation in the Turkish securities market. 
Through its Treasury division, the Bank deals in Turkish Lira and foreign currencies, fixed income, money market

--- Page 153 ---
132 
instruments and currency swaps. The Treasury division is located at the Bank’s head office and provides treasury services for 
the entire branch network. The Bank’s Treasury and Investment Banking department accounted for 25.47% of total liabilities 
as of 31 December 2022 and the department generated 66.30% of total operating revenues in 2022. The department’s large 
contribution to total operating revenues was primarily attributable to high trading volumes in Turkish government securities. 
While the Bank’s Treasury division operates as a profit centre, its key role is to maintain flexibility in terms of asset 
and liability management, achieve low-cost funding and manage liquidity risk. 
The Group seeks to control the size and degree of its interest rate and exchange rate exposure in order to minimise 
the effects of these risks on the Group’s profitability and to ensure the availability of sufficient liquidity to meet the Group’s 
funding requirements. Additionally, the Bank aims to maintain a stable demand deposit base in order to be able to respond 
quickly to the cash needs of its commercial and retail customers, to take advantage of attractive short-term investment 
opportunities and to minimise the possibility of short-term liquidity problems. See “Risk Management” below. 
While most of the Bank’s trading activity is customer-driven, the Bank also engages in proprietary trading to 
minimise its funding costs and risk exposure. For example, the Bank evaluates its Turkish Lira securities portfolio on each 
business day, whereby the securities’ returns are evaluated in relation to the cost of funding, and positions in securities whose 
expected return is lower than the cost of funding are liquidated. This strategy lowers the cost of funding and increases the 
Bank’s return on treasury bills and bonds. The Group’s main investment strategy is to achieve sustainable profits by applying 
strict risk measurement and exposure limits. 
Customer Trading. Through the Bank’s branches, securities centres, ATMs and internet banking service, the 
Treasury department offers brokerage services to the Bank’s customers. The Bank provides uninterrupted trading services 24 
hours a day, seven days a week for treasury debt securities through its branches as well as through alternative distribution 
channels, transactions through which can be directly and swiftly performed electronically. Clients with investment accounts 
with the Bank are able to benefit through these delivery channels from investments in numerous financial instruments such as 
stocks, treasury bills, mutual funds, gold and repos. 
Distribution Network 
The Bank offers its banking services through an extensive distribution network that includes branches as well as 
alternative distribution channels such as ATMs, the internet, mobile banking and telephone banking through its call centre. 
Branches 
The number of the Bank’s branches increased slightly from 936 as of 31 December 2020 to 940 as of 31 December 
2021 to 949 as of 31 December 2022. During 2022, 14 domestic branches were opened and five was closed and, as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management expects that the branch network will decline slightly as less efficient 
branches are closed and the Bank continues focusing on digitalisation and other ADCs. The Bank also (as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus) has a branch in each of New York City (focusing mainly on trade finance and corporate banking), Erbil in 
the Republic of Iraq, Bahrain (working as a booking centre) and Qatar. The Bank (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) has 
eight corporate branches (named “Corporate Centres”), four in İstanbul, two in Ankara and one in each of İzmir and 
Gaziantep to serve only corporate clients. Corporate portfolio managers are assigned to cover all the financial needs of the 
Bank’s corporate clientele. 
As a matter of policy, the Bank prefers to rent rather than to own its branch locations. The Bank’s branch network is 
deployed in line with Türkiye’s total general economic activity, with the percentage of the Bank’s branches in any particular 
region roughly matching the percentage of GDP attributable to that region. The Bank intends to continue to focus on its 
traditionally strong presence in rural areas, where it already enjoys a competitive advantage and that continue to present 
strong growth opportunities. 
The Bank, through its Department of Corporate Development, utilises a process flow model in order to make 
decisions on branch openings and closures as necessary, including offshore branches. Targets for branch levels are set on an 
annual basis. Unprofitable branches are monitored and managed before a decision to close them is taken and, as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, 26 branches have been closed since 2019.

--- Page 154 ---
133 
Alternative Distribution Channels 
The Bank uses a variety of alternative distribution channels (such as ATMs, internet banking, 24-hour telephone 
banking and Autobanks) to reach its customers. The Bank’s alternative distribution channels rely heavily upon its 
information technology and platform. See “Information Technology.” 
The Bank realises significant cost savings through the use of its alternative distribution channels as a result of 
reduced overhead. The Bank estimates that branch transaction costs on a per transaction basis are significantly higher 
compared to transaction costs for ATMs, call centres and internet banking. Over time, these transaction cost saving benefits 
are likely to increase even further as the alternative distribution channels are used more frequently and the infrastructure’s 
fixed costs are shared among a greater number of users. The Bank anticipates that its internet banking service will eventually 
become its most cost effective alternative distribution channel. 
The Bank has developed an extensive ATM network in Türkiye. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had 4,148 
ATMs, which represented a 7.97% share of the market according to the Banks Association of Türkiye and was the sixth 
largest such network in Türkiye. The Bank’s customers may use ATMs of other Turkish banks for a fee charged by the Bank 
per withdrawal, making 100% of all ATMs in Türkiye available to the Bank’s customers. Among other transactions, 
customers can withdraw and deposit cash, pay credit card bills and utilise brokerage services for the trading of mutual funds 
and government treasuries using the Bank’s ATMs. 
The Bank’s call centre operates 24 hours per day, seven days per week with up to 1,205 operators. The Bank 
continues to increase access to products and services for its customers through internet banking. The number of the Bank’s 
internet banking services-registered users, of which approximately 64.70% were considered “active” as of 31 December 
2022, has grown at a CAGR of 20.46% from 3.4 million as of 31 December 2016 to 10.4 million as of 31 December 2022. 
Through its internet banking service, the Bank’s customers are able to conduct their non-cash banking and investment 
transactions, including money transfers, utility payments, stock exchange transactions and obtaining cash advances from their 
credit cards by transferring the money to their current accounts, in addition to viewing the balance of their deposits and other 
account activities. 
Subsidiaries and Other Affiliated Companies 
The following table sets out the Bank’s primary consolidated subsidiaries and other affiliated companies and shows 
the Bank’s shareholding (reflecting its direct and indirect ownership in each entity) as of 31 December 2022. The table also 
shows each such entity’s shareholders’ equity and net profit as of (or for the year ended) such date: 
Subsidiary 
Ownership 
Shareholder’s 
Equity 
Net Profit 
(TL thousands)
Consolidated Subsidiaries 
Vakıfbank International AG................................ 
100.00%
3,040,598
42,228
Vakıf Finansal Kiralama A.Ş..............................
62.05%
1,207,274
467,984
Vakıf Faktoring A.Ş............................................ 
94.45%
1,102,423
526,699
Vakıf Yatırım Menkul Değerler A.Ş...................
99.66%
798,084
383,653
Vakıf Gayrimenkul Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş..........
49.65%
2,507,946
880,569
Vakıf Menkul Kıymet Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş. ....
33.77%
37,367
5,647
Consolidated Associates
Kıbrıs Vakıflar Bankası Ltd................................
15.00%
189,229
57,996
Türkiye Sınai Kalkınma Bankası A.Ş. ................
8.38%
12,992,456
3,980,412
The Bank conducts its operations both domestically and internationally through its branches and subsidiaries. The 
following are the Bank’s principal consolidated subsidiaries and other affiliates:

--- Page 155 ---
134 
Affiliates Subject to Consolidation 
Vakıf Finansal Kiralama A.Ş. Established in 1988 to provide leasing services for the transportation services 
industry, Vakıf Finansal Kiralama A.Ş. also provides leasing services for machinery, medical equipment, tourism equipment 
and office equipment. The company acquires equipment and provides domestic- and foreign currency-denominated financial 
leasing transactions. In 2022, the company signed 964 new financial leasing contracts worth approximately US$319 million. 
As of 31 December 2022, the company had 3,015 financial leasing contracts outstanding with a total book value of TL 8,295 
million. As of the same date, the company held a 6.95% share of the leasing market in Türkiye by value of outstanding leases 
according to the BRSA. As of such date, the Bank held a 62.05% share in the company (all directly held by the Bank) and 
other shareholders included the Vakıfbank Pension Fund, the Vakıfbank Private Pension Fund, Türkiye Sigorta and (holding 
37.95% of the firm) public shareholders. 
Vakıf Faktoring A.Ş. Vakıf Faktoring A.Ş. was established in 1998 to provide factoring services for domestic and 
foreign commercial transactions. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank held a 94.45% share in the company (42.10% directly 
held by the Bank) was held directly and the other shareholders included the Vakıfbank Private Pension Fund, Türkiye 
Sigorta, Vakıf Pazarlama Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Ş. and Vakıf Finansal Kiralama A.Ş. 
Vakıfbank International AG. Vakıfbank International AG was established in Austria in 1999 in order to enhance the 
Bank’s foreign activities in line with its geographic expansion strategy. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank owned 100% of 
Vakıfbank International AG’s capital. 
Vakıf Yatırım Menkul Değerler A.Ş. Established in 1996 to perform capital market activities, Vakıf Yatırım Menkul 
Değerler A.Ş. provides portfolio management dealing, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements, investment consulting 
and corporate finance advisory services. The company benefits from the Bank’s distribution network to reach a significant 
number of retail and corporate clients. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank held a 99.66% share in the company (99.50% held 
directly) and the other shareholders included Türkiye Sigorta, Vakıf Pazarlama Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Ş. and Vakıf Finansal 
Kiralama A.Ş. 
Vakıf Gayrimenkul Yatırım Ortaklıǧı A.Ş. Established in 1996 as the first real estate investment trust company in 
Türkiye, Vakıf Gayrimenkul Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş. is publicly traded on the Borsa İstanbul. As of 31 December 2022, the 
Bank held a 49.65% share in the company (all held directly), with the remainder held by Türkiye Sigorta, Vakıf Pazarlama 
San. ve Tic. A.Ş., the Vakıfbank Pension Fund, the Vakıfbank Private Pension Fund, the Housing Development 
Administration of Türkiye (TOKİ) and, through listed shares on the Borsa İstanbul, the public. 
Vakıf Menkul Kıymet Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş. Established in 1991 as a publicly held company, Vakıf Menkul Kıymet 
Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş. is an investment trust. The company manages the assets of small and individual investors in the stock 
exchange, facilitates the trading of marketable securities and seeking to maximise the returns of its portfolio by closely 
monitoring foreign exchange, stock and money markets. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank owned a 33.37% stake in the 
company (all held directly) and the other shareholders were Türkiye Sigorta, the Vakıfbank Pension Fund, the Vakıfbank 
Private Pension Fund, Türkiye Hayat Emeklilik and public shareholders. 
Associates Subject to Consolidation 
Kıbrıs Vakıflar Bankası Ltd. Kıbrıs Vakıflar Bankası Ltd. was established in the Turkish Republic of Northern 
Cyprus in 1982 by the Directorate of Cyprus Foundations, with the Bank acquiring an interest in 1989. As of 31 December 
2022, the Bank owned a 15.00% stake in the company (all held directly) and the other shareholders were Kıbrıs Vakıflar 
İdaresi, Türk Cemaat Meclisi Konsolide Fonu İnkişaf Sandığı and private individuals. 
Türkiye Sınai Kalkınma Bankası A.Ş. Türkiye Sınai Kalkınma Bankası A.Ş. was established in 1950, with the Bank 
acquiring an interest in 1996. The company provides long-term funds for medium- and large-scale investment projects, 
engages in investment banking activities and offers corporate finance services and also owns shares in a variety of financial 
services companies providing various services to the financial sector in Türkiye. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank owned 
8.38% of the company and the other shareholders were T. İş Bankası AŞ and public shareholders.

--- Page 156 ---
135 
Marketing and Sales 
The Bank’s marketing department is responsible for the promotion of all of the Group’s products and has most 
recently focused on retail banking by targeting individual customers, primarily payroll customers, by cross-selling a number 
of products to these established customers. Each of the Bank’s customer-facing departments has a head office marketing and 
sales department. Most of the Bank’s branches have a dedicated marketing department for investment services. 
The Bank’s Retail Banking department has a direct sales team and portfolio managers who are dedicated to retail 
marketing and sales activities in its branches. The Bank also has portfolio managers for its commercial and SME businesses, 
the principal duty of which is to fulfil the banking needs and expectations of the Bank’s commercial and SME customers. 
The Bank also has SME and commercial regional sales and marketing offices that coordinate the marketing and 
sales activities of branches with respect to SMEs and commercial clients in the applicable region and report to the Bank’s 
head office. An SME marketing division was established in March 2010 and focuses mainly on product development and 
centralised marketing for SME customers as well as monitoring the SME sales force activity. 
The Bank’s management believes that the Group’s future growth is largely dependent upon the effective 
implementation of its marketing and sales strategies. The primary objective of the Group’s marketing strategy is to create a 
loyal customer base that will contribute to its long-term profitability. This strategy consists of focusing on customer-oriented, 
rather than product-oriented, service to sustain customer satisfaction. In order to develop customer loyalty, the Group 
implements various marketing campaigns for different types of customers. 
Employees 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had 17,258 employees. Of these, 32.25% were employed in the Bank’s branches 
and the rest in its head office and regional offices. The average age of the Bank’s employees as of such date was 
approximately 37 years, while the average number of years that professional staff has been with the Bank was almost 11 
years. 
The following table shows the number of employees of the Bank as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Employees at head and regional offices.............
5,498
5,643
5,565
Employees at branches.......................................
11,250 
11,286 
11,693 
Total ............................................................ 
16,748 
16,929 
17,258 
The Bank places emphasis on ensuring that its employees have a sufficient level of education and experience for 
operational efficiency and effectiveness. As of 31 December 2022, 96.21% of the Bank’s employees were university 
graduates, 3.57% of the staff had finished with a high school education and the rest had an elementary school or secondary 
school education. 
Although membership is not mandatory, as of 31 December 2022, 83.90% of the Bank’s total employees were 
members of BASS, the Turkish union for the banking industry. The Bank has a history of good relations with the union and 
there are no ongoing labour disputes with any of its employee groups. Every two years the Bank and BASS sign an 
agreement relating to salary structure for employees. Membership of BASS is open to bank employees only. 
The Bank’s articles of incorporation provide for payment of up to 9% of its net profit to its employees by way of a 
bonus over their basic salaries; provided that such amount does not exceed three times the aggregate gross monthly salaries 
of the staff. The amount due to employees under this obligation is taken into account by management when considering 
overall remuneration levels for employees. The Bank provisions the estimated amount every month and books the expense 
under operating expenses in line with general accounting principles. 
Two separate pension funds (the Vakıf Pension Fund and the Vakıf Private Pension Fund) pay the Bank’s former 
employees’ pensions. The first of these funds is mandatory and serves as a substitute for the state pension scheme. The

--- Page 157 ---
136 
second is a voluntary pension scheme. Both pension schemes were fully-funded as of 31 December 2022 and operating at a 
surplus. 
Properties 
As of 31 December 2022, the total net book value of the Group’s fixed assets (principally comprising land, land 
improvements, buildings and computer hardware) was TL 12.0 billion, which was 0.71% of its total assets. The Group 
maintains comprehensive insurance coverage on all real estate that it owns. 
Information Technology 
The Group is committed to maintaining an operations and IT infrastructure that supports its increasing range and 
volume of transactions, while reducing operational risk and business interruptions. The Bank’s IT department, known as the 
Electronic Data Processing Systems Department, was established in 1987. This department is sub-divided into four divisions: 
Software Development, System Support and Operations, Hardware Support and Communications and Banking Support. 
Since 2001, the Bank has operated an information technology centre in Ankara that serves as the hub of all of the 
Group’s technology functions and initiatives. This centre provides services to the Bank’s headquarters, branches and 
customers and connects them with outside institutions and merchants across various technology protocols and platforms. 
The Bank operates secure internet and 24-hour telephone banking services for its customers. The telephone banking 
call centre had the capacity to operate with 861 customer service representatives per shift as of 31 December 2022. The call 
centre averaged 49,844 calls per day in 2022. 
The department has developed and implemented procedures for system and data emergency restoration and 
maintains a separate disaster recovery centre in İzmir. The disaster recovery centre is tested on a bi-annual basis. All of the 
Bank’s branches are integrated within its central IT network and all lines of communication between the various branches 
and the Bank’s headquarters are backed-up to ensure business continuity. 
The Bank believes that IT improvement is a critical part of its business plan. The Bank has made substantial 
investments in technology (including approximately US$40.0 million in 2020, US$30.3 million in 2021 and US$7.7 million 
in 2022) with the aim of continuously improving customer service, increasing operating efficiencies and enhancing its overall 
competitive position. The Bank’s recent and in-progress IT upgrades include software and hardware development, network 
improvements, data integration and consolidation and system development. The Bank introduced a customer identification 
code in all of its operational systems, including offshore branches, to enable it to provide a personalised service to its 
customers through specialised sales forces and to have a consolidated customer view to allow for cross-selling analysis. 
The Bank has enjoyed significant cost savings by developing much of its software applications, including its internet 
banking software, using in-house resources through its Software Development division. The Bank’s management believes in 
the benefit of employing web technologies and the Bank has developed a web-based home page that is used for all of its 
distribution channels, including for inter-branch activities, call-centre, business-to-business activities and branches. 
Insurance 
The Bank’s fixed assets, cash in transit and cash in hand are covered by general insurance arrangements covering 
normal risks. Loans that are secured by real estate are also required by the Bank to be covered by fire and asset protection 
insurance with respect to secured assets. 
Legal Proceedings 
In the ordinary course of business, the Bank is party to certain legal proceedings, whether as plaintiff or defendant, 
but the Bank’s management does not believe that any such legal proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, are likely to 
have a material adverse effect on the business of the Group or on the results of its operations or financial condition.

--- Page 158 ---
137 
Competition Board Investigation 
In November 2011, the Turkish Competition Board (Rekabet Kurulu) (the “Competition Board”) initiated an 
investigation against the Bank and 11 other banks operating in Türkiye with respect to allegations of acting in concert 
regarding interest rates and fees on deposits and loans. On 8 March 2013, the Competition Board ruled that the Bank was to 
be fined approximately TL 82 million (other banks were also fined, ranging from TL 10 million to TL 213 million, with fines 
generally based upon net profit) in connection with this investigation and, on 15 August 2013, the Bank paid (in accordance 
with the provisions of law permitting a 25% reduction if paid within 30 days) three quarters of this administrative penalty 
(i.e., TL 61,629,682.50). Notwithstanding this payment, the Bank filed an appeal with the Ankara Administrative Court for 
the annulment of this fine. On 23 March 2015, the Ankara Administrative Court rejected the annulment action that the Bank 
filed and the Bank appealed the decision, which appeal was rejected by the 13th Chamber of the Council of State. The Bank 
then requested a revision of the appeal decision, which request was accepted by the Supreme Court, resulting in the dismissal 
of the Ankara Administrative Court’s decision and sending the case to the same court for re-decision. The Ankara 
Administrative Court then reached the same decision, to which the Bank again filed an appeal. A Plenary Session of the 
Administrative Law Chamber of the Council of State dismissed the decision, for which the Competition Board responded by 
requesting a reconsideration; however, the Plenary Session of the Administrative Law Chamber of the Council of State 
rejected that request and the Ankara 2nd Administrative Court then annulled the administrative penalty. This decision was 
appealed by the Competition Board but the Council of State approved the decision of the Ankara 2nd Administrative Court, 
which the Competition Board then appealed; however, this time, the Council of State only reviews whether the final decision 
of the Ankara 2nd Administrative Court complied with the decision of the Plenary Session of the Administrative Law 
Divisions. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the case is pending before the Council of State. 
Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-Bribery Policies 
Türkiye is a member country of the FATF and has enacted laws to combat money laundering, terrorist/proliferation 
financing and other financial crimes. Minimum standards and duties include customer identification, record keeping, 
suspicious activity reporting, risk management and monitoring activities, employee training, audit functions and designation 
of a compliance officer. Suspicious transactions must be reported to the Financial Crimes Investigation Board (Mali Suçları 
Araştırma Kurulu) (the “FCIB”), which is the Turkish financial intelligence unit. In Türkiye, all banks and their employees 
are obliged to implement and fulfil certain requirements regarding the treatment of activities that may be referred to as 
money-laundering or terrorist/proliferation financing. 
The main provisions of the applicable law include regulation of: (a) client identification, (b) reporting of suspicious 
activity, (c) training, internal audit and control, risk management systems and other measures, (d) periodical reporting, (e) 
information and document disclosure, (f) retention of records and data, (g) data access systems to public records, (h) 
protection of individuals and legal entities and (i) written declaration of beneficial owners by transacting customers, among 
other provisions. Suspicious transactions must be reported to the FCIB. 
It is the policy of the Bank (including its entire domestic and overseas branch network) and each of the Bank’s 
subsidiaries to act in compliance with all applicable laws and international standards on combatting money laundering and 
terrorism/proliferation financing, including to prohibit money laundering and any activities facilitating the money laundering 
process, the financing of terrorism/proliferation or criminal activities; provided that the Bank’s overseas branches and 
subsidiaries must comply with the applicable laws of their host country. 
To try to ensure that the Bank and its financial subsidiaries are not used as intermediaries in money laundering and 
terrorist/proliferation financing, a programme of compliance with the obligations of anti-money laundering, combatting the 
financing of terrorism and anti-bribery rules (including the standards and recommendations of the FATF), which programme 
is to be followed by all employees, has been implemented throughout the Bank and its financial subsidiaries. This programme 
includes written policies and procedures, assigning a compliance officer who is responsible to the Board’s Audit Committee 
to monitor this matter, an audit and review function to test the robustness of anti-money-laundering and terrorist/proliferation 
financing policies and procedures, monitoring and auditing customer activities and transactions in accordance with anti-
money laundering and terrorist/proliferation financing laws and employee training. Anti-money laundering issues are 
escalated by the compliance officer to the Audit Committee in Audit Committee meetings held every month. In addition, 
reports on anti-money laundering compliance are submitted to the Board on a quarterly basis, the purpose of which reports is 
to evaluate the effectiveness of the Bank’s anti-money laundering and terrorist/proliferation financing programme and assess 
whether the Bank’s related practices comply with law and the Bank’s policies.

--- Page 159 ---
138 
In October 2014, the OECD’s Working Group on Bribery adopted the Phase 3 Report on Implementing the OECD 
Anti-Bribery Convention. In this report, the OECD Working Group expressed concerns about Türkiye’s low level of anti-
bribery enforcement and recommended that Türkiye improve its efforts to proactively detect, investigate and prosecute 
allegations of foreign bribery. The OECD Working Group also expressed concern regarding certain deficiencies in Türkiye’s 
corporate liability legislation and enforcement against legal persons and made several recommendations to address these 
concerns. In addition, on 21 October 2021, the FATF placed Türkiye on the so-called “grey list” of countries in need of 
elevated supervision of its legal framework for combatting terrorism and money laundering. The FATF cited concerns about 
inadequate supervision of Türkiye’s banking and real estate sectors and dealers in gold and precious stones, including having 
undertaken insufficient prosecutorial efforts against violators (including freezing of assets). Changes in Turkish laws and 
practices might arise from these recommendations, which the Bank will monitor. 
Compliance with Sanctions Laws 
It is the policy of the Bank (including its entire domestic and overseas branch network) and each of the Bank’s 
subsidiaries to carry out operations in accordance with all applicable law and international standards. The Group’s policy is 
to comply with certain international sanctions programs, including particularly the sanctions imposed by the United Nations 
Security Council, the United States, the EU, the UK and Türkiye. The Group’s policy is to not provide services to countries 
and activities subject to such sanctions, or to intermediate any banking service, in breach of such sanctions. 
OFAC administers laws that restrict the ability of U.S. persons to invest in, or otherwise engage in business with, 
SDNs, and similar laws have been put in place by other U.S. government agencies (including the State Department), the EU, 
the UK, the United Nations and Türkiye. The Bank maintains policies and procedures designed to ensure that it complies 
with all such laws regarding doing business with, maintaining accounts for, or handling transactions or monetary transfers for 
Sanction Targets. 
Before opening an account for, or entering into any transaction with, a customer, the Bank checks whether such 
customer is listed as a Sanction Target. In addition, the names of all customers and all incoming and outgoing transactions are 
continuously and automatically screened by a filtering programme against a list of Sanction Targets. All of the Bank’s daily 
transactions are further reviewed for compliance with sanction lists by the Bank or a third party screening company. 
In particular, the Bank’s New York branch has procedures in place for reporting OFAC violations and conducts 
annual OFAC audits. Because the New York State Banking Department regulates the Bank’s New York branch, its 
compliance and reporting programmes are examined annually by either New York State Banking Department or Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York examiners. 
Accordingly, the Bank’s policies restrict the Bank from engaging in any prohibited business investments and 
transactions with Sanction Targets, including with respect to the proceeds of the Notes. Furthermore, in connection with the 
rapid changes in sanctions relating to the conflict in Ukraine, the Bank has taken enhanced measures to monitor these events 
and ensure continued compliance with Sanctions as they apply to Russia. 
Credit Ratings 
Each of the Bank’s credit ratings (and, where relevant, ratings outlook) from Fitch, Moody’s and JCR Eurasia as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus is set out below. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The date of the Bank’s rating 
is based upon the last applicable report of the applicable rating agency. 
Fitch (26 July 2022) 
Long-term Foreign Currency Issuer Default Rating/Outlook:  
B- / Negative 
Short-term Foreign Currency Issuer Default Rating:  
 
B 
Local Currency Long Term Issuer Default Rating/Outlook: 
 
B / Negative 
Local Currency Short Term Issuer Default Rating: 
 
 
B 
National Long-term Rating/Outlook: 
 
 
 
AA (tur) / Stable 
Government Support Rating: 
 
 
 
 
ns 
Viability Rating:  
 
 
 
 
 
b-

--- Page 160 ---
139 
Moody’s (19 August 2022) 
Long-term Foreign Currency Deposit Rating/Outlook: 
 
B3 / Stable 
Short-term Foreign Currency Deposit Rating: 
  
 
Not Prime 
Long-term Local Currency Deposit Rating/Outlook:  
 
B3 / Stable 
Short-term Local Currency Deposit Rating: 
  
 
Not Prime 
BCA (Baseline Credit Assessment): 
  
 
caa2 
Senior Unsecured Debt Rating/Outlook: 
  
 
B3 / Stable 
JCR Eurasia (24 June 2022) 
Long-term International Foreign Currency Rating/Outlook: 
 
BB / Stable 
Short-term International Foreign Currency Rating/Outlook: 
 
J3 / Stable 
Long-term International Local Currency Rating/Outlook: 
 
BB 
Short-term International Local Currency Rating/Outlook: 
 
J3 
Long-term Local Currency Rating/Outlook:  
 
 
AAA (Trk) / Stable 
Short-term Local Currency Rating/Outlook:  
 
 
J1+ (Trk) / Stable 
Fitch, which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the FCA on its website (https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-agencies). As Fitch is 
not registered under the EU CRA Regulation or included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its 
website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation, 
Fitch’s rating of any Tranche is expected to be endorsed (and Fitch’s rating of the Bank is endorsed) by its affiliate Fitch 
Ratings Limited Ireland, which is established in the European Union and included in such list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA. 
Moody’s is established in the UK and is registered under the UK CRA Regulation and, as such, is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the FCA on its website noted in the previous paragraph in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. As Moody’s is not registered under the EU CRA Regulation or included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website noted in the previous paragraph, Moody’s rating of any Tranche is expected to be 
endorsed (and Moody’s rating of the Bank is endorsed) by its affiliate Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, which is established in 
the EU and included in such list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA. 
JCR Eurasia, which is not established in the EU or the UK and is not registered in accordance with either the CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, is not included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA or the FCA on 
their respective websites noted above. 
Auditors 
In accordance with Turkish law, the Group is required to replace its independent auditor every seven years. At the 
Bank’s General Shareholders’ Meeting on 28 March 2014, PwC was selected as the Group’s auditing firm for the fiscal years 
2014 through 2020. The Bank’s Board decided to elect, as per Article 399 of the Turkish Commercial Code, EY as the 
independent auditor of the Bank for the 2021 and 2022 fiscal years, which auditor was appointed as per the shareholders’ 
approval at the Bank’s General Assembly meeting on 26 March 2021 and 25 March 2022, respectively. As of date of this 
Base Prospectus, the date of the Bank’s General Assembly meeting in 2023 has not been announced; however, the Bank 
announced on 30 March 2023 that the Board decided that the choice of EY as the independent auditor for 2023 will be be 
submitted to the next General Assembly Meeting for approval.

--- Page 161 ---
140 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
General 
The Bank’s management believes that assessment and control of risk is critical to the Group’s success. The Group 
closely identifies, measures, monitors and manages the risks arising from its operations. The principal risks inherent in its 
business are market risk (namely liquidity risk, interest rate risk and foreign exchange rate risk), credit risk, operational risk 
and counterparty credit risk. The Group monitors and manages the mismatch of maturities, the size and degree of interest rate 
and exchange rate exposure and its counterparty credit quality in order to minimise the effect of these risks on profitability. 
Risk Management Organisation 
The Group’s current system of risk control and risk management, including its operational risk framework, 
operational risk policy, application principles and disaster recovery plan, has been in place since January 2004. The Group’s 
system of risk control and risk management is reviewed and modified as necessary and is integrated into the Group’s internal 
systems for planning, management and control.  
The Group continues to maintain and further develop its risk management system, which has been established both 
to meet its internal risk management needs and to comply with its legal and regulatory requirements, including the Basel 
criteria and the BRSA’s regulations. Risk management personnel are also involved in the Group’s product development and 
design procedures in order to guide the development and design of new risk management products. 
The Bank’s Board determines the Bank’s risk management policy. In this capacity, it approves general principles of 
risk control and risk management, the limits for all relevant risks and the procedures that apply in controlling and managing 
risk. An Audit Committee has been established under the Board to monitor whether the Bank’s risk management policies are 
duly carried out. The Audit Committee reports to the Board on the results of the Bank’s internal control, risk management 
and audit activities and advises the Board of any actions that need to be implemented by the Bank to control certain risks. 
The Bank’s Risk Management department falls under the direct responsibility of the Audit Committee, which is 
responsible for internal audit, internal control and risk management, and is described below.  
A summary of the Bank’s management of market, interest rate, liquidity, foreign exchange, credit, counterparty and 
operational risks is set forth below. See note 4.11 in the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for year ended 
31 December 2022 for additional information on the management of these and other risks. 
Risk Management Department 
The Bank’s Risk Management department, which reports directly to the Audit Committee, was established in 2001 
in order to fulfil the task of risk management. As a result of advancements in the area of risk management and increasing 
responsibilities of risk management officers, the Risk Management organisation was expanded in November 2014 and 
divided into the Credit and Operational Risk Management Department and the Market Risk Management Department. 
Further, in order to develop the internal rating-based approach, the Bank established the Credit Risk Control Department and 
the Validation Department in 2015. 
Policies regarding risk management are developed by obtaining the input of each of these sub-departments and 
consolidating them at the Audit Committee. The Risk Management Department formulates policies that are implemented 
upon the approval of the Board, which takes ultimate responsibility and accountability for risk management. The Internal 
Audit Department monitors compliance with risk management policies and any inconsistency is reported to the Board as 
necessary. 
For more information on the Audit Committee, see “Management - Board Committees - Audit Committee.”

--- Page 162 ---
141 
Market Risk Management 
Market risk is the risk resulting from changes in market prices, such as interest rates, equity prices, foreign exchange 
rates and credit spreads that may affect the Group’s assets, income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The 
objective of market risk management is to monitor and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while 
optimising the return on risk. 
The Bank’s market risk policy guidelines lay out the authorisation levels and responsibilities of the Bank’s relevant 
departments within the context of risk management. The Bank’s market risk sub-department establishes the Bank’s position 
limits and risk management models.  
Market risk is calculated at month end and reported to the Bank’s management and the BRSA. Furthermore, 
historical and Monte Carlo simulation methods are used for Value at Risk (“VaR”) calculations. VaR is used to measure and 
control market risk exposure within the Bank’s trading portfolios. The VaR of a trading portfolio is the estimated loss that 
will arise on the portfolio over a specified period of time (holding period) from an adverse market movement with a specified 
probability (confidence level). The VaR model used by the Bank is based upon a 99% confidence level and assumes a 10 day 
holding period on the basis of the square-root-of-time rule. The historical time period used by the Bank in its VaR 
calculations is one year. Retrospective tests (backtesting) are performed each business day in order to check the reliability 
and performance of the model’s results. In addition, various scenario analyses and stress tests supporting the standard method 
and internal models are performed. 
The Bank utilises a VaR model, which uses the services of RISKACTIVE (consultancy, software and model 
development), that allows the Bank to assess risks associated with many complex instruments such as interest options (bond 
options, caps, caplets, etc.), vanilla-type options and first generation exotic derivatives. With these applications, the Bank can 
perform volatility analysis using moving average (MA), exponentially weighted moving average (EWMA) and generalised 
autoregressive conditional heteroskedastic (GARCH) models, advanced yield curve analysis, descriptive statistics analysis, 
correlation and covariance analysis and stress tests. 
The VaR model is based upon historical simulations using internal models and the Monte Carlo simulation method, 
under which retroactive and stress tests are applied. 
In order to manage risk, limits regarding market risk have been determined, and studies with respect to determining 
concentration limits on credit risk have been implemented, by the Bank. The Bank has been applying and monitoring cash 
and non-cash loan concentration limits for geographic regions, for industries and for floating and fixed rate loans since 
February 2006. The average VaR of the Bank’s trading portfolio for 2022 (based upon the highest and lowest daily values 
during such period) under the historical simulation was TL 744.0 million, as compared to TL 225.7 million and TL 96.5 
million, respectively, for 2020 and 2021. 
Interest rate risk 
Variable interest rates are calculated and monitored on each business day, both for internal purposes as well as for 
reporting to the BRSA. A sensitivity analysis with respect to interest rates is conducted on each business day using the new 
VaR model and results are reported to the Bank’s treasury department and senior management. The Bank’s treasury unit uses 
hedging instruments to guard against interest rate fluctuations. The Bank also gains some market risk protection from interest 
rate risk by holding floating rate bonds. The Bank adjusts the balance between floating and fixed rate bonds in accordance 
with market conditions. 
The liquidity gap, duration, interest rate sensitivity and impacts on revenue and income of interest rate movements 
are analysed in order to determine the interest rate risk that the Bank may be exposed to due to mismatches of maturities in 
the Bank’s capital structure. All analyses are reported to the Board, the Audit Committee and the Bank’s top management. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk of not having sufficient liquid assets to be able to meet payment obligations. The Bank’s 
approach to managing liquidity is to ensure as far as possible that it has sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due,

--- Page 163 ---
142 
under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group’s 
reputation. The liquidity position is monitored each business day and liquidity stress testing is conducted on a regular basis 
assuming a variety of scenarios covering both normal and more severe market conditions. 
In addition to compliance with the liquidity-related regulations of the Turkish regulatory authorities, the Bank’s 
liquidity risk management policy and liquidity risk contingency plan are approved by the Board. 
Foreign exchange risk 
Foreign exchange risk is the risk that the Bank may incur a loss from an adverse movement in foreign exchange 
rates. The following table sets out the Bank’s net long / (short) foreign currency positions as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
As of 31 March 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Net foreign currency position (thousands of TL)..
1,191,322
5,013,180
(3,098,874)
3,598,828
As a % of foreign currency liabilities(1) ...........
0.37%
0.94%
(0.41%)
0.50%
As a % of shareholders’ equity ........................
2.56%
9.65%
(2.91%)
2.50%
As a % of foreign currency assets(2).................
0.42%
1.04%
(0.42%)
0.53%
 
 
 
 
(1) 
As of a particular date, this is the net long / (short) foreign currency positions as a percentage of the Bank’s foreign currency liabilities, 
which includes bank deposits, foreign currency deposits, interbank money market takings, funds borrowed, securities issued, miscellaneous 
payables, derivative financial liabilities held for risk management purposes and other liabilities. 
(2) 
As of a particular date, this is the net long / (short) foreign currency positions as a percentage of the Bank’s foreign currency assets, which 
includes cash and balances with the Central Bank, banks, financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss, interbank money 
market placements, fair value through other comprehensive income, loans, associates, subsidiaries and joint-ventures, financial assets 
measured at amortised cost, derivative financial assets held for risk management purposes, tangible assets, intangible assets and other assets. 
In 2021, including as a result of the continuing depreciation of the Turkish Lira, the Bank’s net foreign currency 
position in Turkish Lira terms increased by 320.81%, resulting in the Bank continuing to have a long position as of 
31 December 2021. In 2022, the Bank had a short position as result of BRSA regulations published in December 2022, which 
regulations provided that all general provisions and free provisions were to be taken into account in the calculation of the net 
foreign currency position; however, the Bank’s net foreign currency position as of 31 March 2023 returned to positive as a 
result of closing the foreign currency position regarding general provisions. 
Credit Risk Management 
Credit risk is the risk of loss arising from a customer’s or counterparty’s failure to meet its financial obligations to 
the Bank partially or completely. Credit risk is considered in depth, covering the counterparty risks arising from not only 
loans and debt securities but also from other transactions defined as loans according to the Banking Law. A credit risk 
management policy has been prepared and approved by the Board in order to establish a common risk culture throughout the 
Bank. The Bank’s credit risk management policy is reviewed in compliance with regulatory requirements and is approved by 
the Board. The credit risk sub-department monitors the application of the approved procedures. 
The outcome of the Bank’s loan portfolio analysis is submitted each month to the Board, the Audit Committee and 
the Bank’s top management. A report containing credit and other kinds of risk analyses is submitted to the Board on a 
quarterly basis. Specific reports may also be submitted, as required. The analyses are done considering various breakdowns, 
such as the following: 
(a) distribution and concentration (by loan type, currency, maturity, sector, geographical region, borrower, 
holding and group), 
(b) quality of loan portfolio (performing loans, non-performing loans, watch list, loans in arrears and 
classification of outstanding loans by the rating system), and 
(c) stress and specific scenario analyses.

--- Page 164 ---
143 
To prevent concentrations, geographical, sectoral, customer segment and retail limits have been established in the 
analysis of credit risk. These limits are revised regularly by the credit risk management department. These internal limits are 
occasionally surpassed, typically as a result of movements in exchange rates that result in the Group’s foreign currency-
denominated loans increasing in value on a Turkish Lira basis, in which event management determines whether any 
corrective steps are to be taken to reduce this exposure. 
The Bank applies a scoring/rating system for its clients both in wholesale (i.e., SME, commercial and corporate 
clients) and retail segments, with different systems tailored for different categories of clients. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Bank uses the following scoring/rating systems: (a) “Score 3” for SME clients, which have annual turnover 
less than TL 25 million, (b) “Score 2” for commercial clients, which have annual turnover from TL 25 million to TL 40 
million, (c) “Score 1” for corporate clients, which have annual turnover greater than TL 40 million, (d) the municipality 
scorecard for municipalities, which include both provinces and counties, (e) the “Bankscore Rating Model,” which is an 
external model owned by Moody’s Analytics, (f) the “Financial Institutions Scorecard Model” for factoring, leasing and 
consumer finance companies, (g) an agriculture scorecard model for customers engaged in agricultural activities, (h) an 
individual scorecard model for retail customers who do not have commercial activities and (i) the “Financial Analysis 
Report” model for evaluating the credit risk of clients for which the other scorecards are not applicable. Except for the 
Bankscore Rating Model, these models are internal models and built by statistical or hybrid methods using behavioural, 
financial and non-financial inputs. 
In addition to the scorecard models mentioned in the preceding paragraph, specialised lending exposures is 
evaluated by applying slotting criteria that have been published by the BRSA since 2017. 
In these rating/scoring systems, the creditworthiness of the debtor is evaluated and a rating is assigned to every 
customer. These ratings are then used both in banking activities such as underwriting, monitoring and marketing. In IFRS 9, 
these ratings are used in expected credit loss calculations along with “loss given default” and “credit conversion factor” 
parameters. 
Model development activity is conducted by the Corporate, Commercial and SME Scoring Systems Department and 
the Retail and Individual Rating Systems Department. The performance of the models is periodically monitored by the Credit 
Risk Control Department and validated by the Validation Department. In addition, Internal Audit Departments inspect model 
development activity, as well as the models, on a regular basis. 
The Group also analyses geographical credit risk in order to seek to avoid undue credit risk as a result of dealings 
with counterparties in countries experiencing economic difficulties. Partly as a result of this risk analysis, the Group has 
minimal direct or indirect exposure to counterparties located in certain economies experiencing such difficulties (e.g., 
Cyprus, Greece, Italy, North Africa and Russia). 
The capital adequacy ratio is calculated every month on a Bank-only and consolidated basis and is submitted to the 
Bank’s top management and the BRSA. In addition, the capital adequacy ratio is monitored on each business day and 
presented to the Audit Committee and the Bank’s top management. Scenario analyses are performed to monitor the impacts 
of possible economic changes and legal regulations on liquidity, credit and market risks and the capital adequacy ratio. These 
studies are part of the agenda of the Bank’s Assets and Liabilities Management Committee. Since January 2014, the Bank has 
conducted all capital adequacy ratio calculations in accordance with Basel III rules. 
Since February 2015, the Bank has been implementing its Credit Risk Management Policy document, which is 
revised periodically pursuant to guidelines issued by the BRSA. 
Operational Risk Management 
Operational risk is the risk of loss arising from faults or deficiencies in the regular operations of a bank, originated 
from systems, hardware, technology and communication infrastructures, national disasters, terrorist attacks or earthquakes, as 
well as the failure of the personnel on monitoring, controlling, reporting, taking actions and being diligent. 
The Bank’s operational risks are jointly overseen and managed by the Internal Audit, Internal Control and Risk 
Management departments under the supervision of the Audit Committee. Operational risks are audited by the Internal Audit

--- Page 165 ---
144 
and Internal Control Departments and the Risk Management Department is responsible for the collection, evaluation and 
analysis of operational risks data and the management of the operational risk database. The main policies, principles and 
approaches of the Bank to operational risk management are described in the “Operational Risk Management Policy 
Document,” which was (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) most recently updated on 13 January 2022. An “Operational 
Risk Framework” comprehensively describing the main operational risks that the Bank may be exposed to is part of the 
“Operational Risk Management Policy Document.” 
The Bank maintains an operational loss database in order to quantify and monitor operational risks that cause 
financial loss for the Bank. Operational loss data are collected from various departments of the Bank, including the Internal 
Audit and Internal Control Departments. The operational loss database includes risk types, business lines, risks classes, 
internal loss amount, information technologies and support services that are consistent with the applicable BRSA regulations. 
An operational risk analysis report is prepared on a semi-annual basis and delivered to the Audit Committee. 
An analysis is made by the Risk Management Department based upon data compilation and the outcome obtained 
from self-assessments of employees. Process-based reports are produced and presented to the Audit Committee. Once the 
Audit Committee reviews these reports, the operational risk division (on a semi-annual basis) monitors the actions taken by 
the relevant unites to avoid potential risks. 
When the Bank’s senior management decides to develop new products and services, the Risk Management 
Department is an essential part of the development process in order to mitigate potential risks and to comply with applicable 
laws. 
Capital requirement for operational risk is, per BRSA requirements, calculated according to the Basel II basic 
indicator approach for operational risk. 
The Information Security Department is mainly responsible for data protection, preventing unauthorised access, 
designing recovery plans, keeping them up-to-date and ensuring compliance by the Bank’s IT systems with the Regulation on 
Information Systems and Electronic Banking Services of Banks. The Bank has recognised the need for its information 
technology systems to be better equipped to identify and report operational risks and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Bank is in the process of evaluating the scope of such needs and plans to update the system accordingly.

--- Page 166 ---
145 
MANAGEMENT 
Board of Directors 
Pursuant to the articles of incorporation of the Bank, the Board of the Bank is responsible for the management of the 
Bank. The Board meets regularly and each of its members has a right to one vote and it is not permissible for members to 
vote by proxy on behalf of other members. 
The articles provide for the Board to have nine members appointed for a term of three years, which appointments 
can be continued for multiple terms. Following the amendments made by Decree No. 696 to the Vakıfbank Law’s article 
regarding the formation of the Board, each of the Board members of the Bank is appointed by the General Assembly. 
Pursuant to the articles, three members of the Board are selected among candidates proposed by holders of a majority of the 
Bank’s Class A shares (one of which Board members is required to be independent), one member of the Board is selected 
among candidates proposed by holders of a majority of the Bank’s Class B shares, two members of the Board are selected 
among candidates proposed by holders of a majority of the Bank’s Class C shares (one of which Board members is required 
to be independent), one member of the Board is selected by the shareholders by taking into account the preferences of the 
holders of the Bank’s Class D shares (which Board member is required to be independent) and two remaining members of the 
Board are selected by the General Assembly among the candidates proposed by the shareholders. 
The Turkish Commercial Code (Law No. 6102) allows the appointment of a legal entity as a member of the board of 
directors of a joint stock company. Under such rules, a legal entity on a board of directors would be represented by a natural 
person designated by it. Alternatively, natural persons can be members of the board. Notwithstanding this provision, the 
BRSA does not favour the appointment of a legal entity as a board member of any joint stock company that it regulates, and 
thus members of the Board can (in practice) only be natural persons. 
Members of the Board of Directors 
The members of the Bank’s Board are appointed for a term of three years (other than the General Manager as his 
membership on the Board is derived from his position as General Manager). The business address of the members of the 
Board is Finanskent Mahallesi Finans Caddesi No: 40/1, Ümraniye, İstanbul, Türkiye. The following are the Bank’s Board 
members as of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Director 
Year First 
Appointed 
Current 
Term Expires 
Mustafa Saydam (Chairperson)...............................................
2021
2024
Dr. Cemil Ragıp Ertem (Deputy Chairperson)........................
2018
2024
Abdi Serdar Üstünsalih (Member/General Manager) .............
2019
2024
Dr. Mehmet Hüseyin Bilgin (Member/Independent)..............
2022
2024
Dr. Adnan Ertem (Member)....................................................
2010
2024
Haydar Kemal Kurt (Member/Independent)...........................
2022
2024
Sadık Yakut (Member)............................................................
2019
2024
Şahin Uğur (Member).............................................................
2017
2024
Abdülkadir Aksu (Member/Independent) ...............................
2019
2024
Additional information on each of the directors is set forth below: 
Muıstafa Saydam (Chairperson) 
Mr. Saydam (born 1966) graduated from Gazi University’s Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences, 
Department of Business Administration in 1990. He began his career as an Assistant Auditor at the Bank in 1993. After 
working as an Auditor from 1996 to 1999, he took the responsibilities of Assistant Manager and then Manager in various 
branches and departments of the Bank. Mr. Saydam served as the Bank’s Head of Human Resources from 2005 to 2010 and 
then as the Head of the Board of Auditors from 2010 to 2013. Mr. Saydam was appointed as an Executive Vice President in 
October 2013, holding this position until January 2019. Mr. Saydam served as an Executive Vice President at Türkiye Hayat

--- Page 167 ---
146 
Emeklilik and a board member at Vakıf Pazarlama from June 2020 until March 2021, and was elected as a Board member of 
the Bank on 26 March 2021, also being selected at such time as the Chairperson of the Board. 
Dr. Cemil Ragıp Ertem (Deputy Chairperson) 
Dr. Cemil Ragıp Ertem (born 1959) graduated from Dokuz Eylül University, Faculty of Economics. He has a 
master’s degree in finance and economics at İstanbul University, Faculty of Economics. He was a lecturer at İstanbul 
University and Türk Hava Kurumu University on the knowledge economy, economics, politics, alternative growth and 
money theory. Dr. Ertem wrote various articles on economics-politics, economics and monetary policies and has been a TV 
commentator on economics and a columnist in various magazines and newspapers. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Dr. Ertem has written four books. 
Dr. Ertem received the “MÜSİAD Best Economy Writer” award in 2011. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Dr. Ertem is the Chief Economic Advisor of President Erdoğan. Dr. Ertem has been serving as a Board member of the Bank 
since 13 August 2018 and has been the Bank’s Deputy Chairperson since the Board meeting held on 12 June 2020. 
Abdi Serdar Üstünsalih (General Manager) 
Mr. Üstünsalih (born 1963) graduated from Karadeniz Technical University, Faculty of Sciences. He began his 
career as an associate in 1991 at the Bank. After having served as a manager in various branches and departments of the 
Bank, he at various times has served as the Head of the IT, Retail Banking, Banking Operations, Basic Banking Application 
Development departments. Mr. Üstünsalih became an Executive Vice President of the Bank in July 2018 and has been its 
General Manager since 27 May 2019. In addition, Mr. Üstünsalih serves as a board member of the Banks Association of 
Türkiye and Türkiye Sınai Kalkınma Bankası A.Ş. and has also served in many foundations and associations. 
Dr. Mehmet Hüseyin Bilgin 
Dr. Bilgin (born 1973) graduated from the Faculty of Economics of İstanbul University and completed a master’s 
degree in the Department of Labour Economics of the same university before obtaining a Ph.D. in Abant İzzet Baysal 
University’s Department of Economics. Dr. Bilgin, who has worked at various universities in Türkiye and abroad, served as 
the head of the Economics Department at such university. Dr. Bilgin became an assistant professor in 2000, an associate 
professor in macroeconomics in 2005 and a professor in the Department of International Economic Integration in 2011 at 
İstanbul Medeniyet University. He continues to work at İstanbul Medeniyet University’s Faculty of Political Sciences and 
also serves as the Chairperson of the Board of the İstanbul Economic Research Association. 
Having an executive role in various international and national professional organisations, Dr. Bilgin has had many 
articles published in journals included within international scientific indices and has also made many presentations at 
international conferences, had professional books published, has published numerous articles in national journals, made 
various presentations at national conferences and has received various national awards for his achievements. He also serves 
as a member of the editorial management and boards of some international journals. Also having a certified public accountant 
license, Dr. Bilgin was elected as an independent member of the Board at the Bank’s general assembly held on 25 March 
2022. 
Dr. Adnan Ertem 
Dr. Ertem (born 1965) graduated from the Department of Public Administration, Faculty of Political Sciences at 
İstanbul University in 1987, and got his Ph.D. in sociology in 1997. After joining the GDF as an assistant auditor in 1988, he 
was promoted to auditor in 1991 and head auditor in 2002. Dr. Ertem served as the Regional Director at the İstanbul Regional 
Director of Foundations from 2002 until 2007. After serving as the Deputy Undersecretary of Türkiye’s Prime Ministry from 
2007 until 2010, Dr. Ertem was appointed as the General Director of the GDF in October 2010. On 27 October 2010, 
Dr. Ertem was elected a member of the Board.

--- Page 168 ---
147 
Haydar Kemal Kurt 
Mr. Kurt (born 1963) graduated from İstanbul University’s Faculty of Law in 1984, thereafter working as a lawyer 
from 1986 to 2007. From 2004 to 2007, he served as a member of the City Council of both the İstanbul Metropolitan 
Municipality and the Güngören Municipality and also served as the Chairperson of the Law Commission of the İstanbul 
Metropolitan Municipality. In 2007, he was elected as a Member of Parliament for the Isparta district, where he worked as a 
member of the Constitution Commission. Mr. Kurt remained in Parliament until 2011, after which he continued to practice 
law. Mr. Kurt was elected as an independent member of the Board at the Bank’s general assembly held on 25 March 2022. 
Sadık Yakut 
Mr. Yakut (born 1956) graduated from İstanbul University’s Faculty of Law. From 1979 to 1999, he served as a 
public prosecutor, an investigation judge at the Ministry of Justice’s general directorate of prisons and detention houses in 
Halfeti, Çamardı, Savaştepe and Giresun and as a public prosecutor in Ankara. Mr. Yakut was one of the founding members 
of the AKP and, from 1999 to 2015, he was elected as a member of Parliament for the Kayseri district, during which time he 
also served as the Vice Chairman of the Parliament. Mr. Yakut was elected as a Board member on 27 May 2019. 
Şahin Uğur 
Mr. Uğur (born 1957) graduated from Atatürk University, Faculty of Economics and Business Administration 
Department in 1979. He joined the Bank in 1984 and served as the Assistant Manager, Manager and the Head of a 
department until 2004. He was an Executive Vice President between 2004 and 2013. Subsequently, Mr. Uğur served as a 
member of the board of directors at Vakıfbank International AG (Vienna), Türkiye Sigorta, Taksim Otelcilik, Atakule 
GYO A.Ş., Vakıf Menkul Kıymetler Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş. and Vakıf GYO A.Ş., which are (or were) subsidiaries of the 
Bank during his time. On 9 June 2017, at the General Assembly meeting, he was elected as a member of the Board. 
Abdülkadir Aksu 
Mr. Aksu (born 1944) graduated from Ankara University’s Faculty of Political Science. Within the state 
administration, he served as district governor of Sarıkaya from 1973 to 1976, followed by a period as the acting governor of 
Kahramanmaraş from October 1977 to January 1978. From January 1978 until September 1980, he also served as Central 
Police Chief and Chief Police Officer at the General Directorate of Police. He then was appointed as governor of Rize in 
1980. During his governorship in Rize, he also acted as Rize’s mayor. He then served as governor of Gaziantep from 1984 to 
1987, at which time he was elected as a member of Parliament for Diyarbakir MP (in the Mainland Party). He served as his 
party’s group deputy chairman in the Parliament in December 1987. In 1989, he was appointed as the Interior Minister, 
which role he maintained until 1991. He was re-elected as a member of Parliament for Diyarbakir in 1995, acting again as the 
Mainland Party’s group deputy chairman and also being assigned to act as the State Minister responsible for the South East 
Anatolia Project. He joined the Welfare Party in 1996, becoming its Vice President. Following the closing of the Welfare 
Party by Türkiye’s Constitutional Court in 1988, he joined the Virtue Party. Mr. Aksu was one of the founding members of 
the AKP and was elected as a minister of Parliament for İstanbul’s 3rd Region in 2002. He served as Interior Minister during 
2002 to 2007 and then acted as State Minister between 2009 and 2012. He was elected as the Bank’s Chairman on 27 May 
2019, a role he served until 26 March 2021. Mr. Aksu was elected as an independent director in the Bank’s general assembly 
meeting held on 26 March 2021. 
Executive Management 
The Bank’s General Manager is supported by the Bank’s Executive Vice Presidents, who have responsibilities for 
different departments within the Bank. The Executive Vice Presidents as of the date of this Base Prospectus are:

--- Page 169 ---
148 
Executive 
Responsibility 
Date of Joining 
the Group 
Dr. Metin Recep Zafer.......
Information Technologies and Operational Transactions
2006
Muhammet Lütfü Çelebi....
Human Resources and Organisational Development
1995
Kadir Karataş.....................
Support Services
1996
Şuayyip İlbilgi....................
Financial Management, Strategy and Subsidiaries
1996
Mikail Hıdır .......................
Legal Affairs and Credit Risk Liquidation,
2003
Hazım Akyol......................
Loan Allocation Management
1993
Alaattin Şimşek ..................  
Corporate, Commercial, SME and Micro SME Banking 
Marketing
1995 
Ferkan Merdan ...................  
Digital Banking, Customer Experience and Corporate 
Communication
1999 
Muhammed Onay Özkan ...  
Treasury Management and International Banking and Investor 
Relations
2000 
Arif Çokçetin .....................
Loan Monitoring, Financial Analysis and Rating
1996
Mustafa Turan....................
Retail, Deposit Marketing and Payment Systems
2003
In addition, the Private Secretariat, Board of Directors Affairs, Secure Banking and Credit Policies and Processes 
Implementation Department report directly to the General Manager. 
Additional information on each of these Executive Vice Presidents is set forth below: 
Dr. Metin Recep Zafer 
Dr. Zafer (born 1970) joined the Bank on 13 June 2006 as Executive Vice President after having served in various 
capacities at several banks. A graduate of Marmara University, Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences, 
Department of Economics, he holds a Ph.D. from Marmara University. 
Muhammet Lütfü Çelebi 
Mr. Çelebi (born 1969) graduated from İstanbul University, Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences, 
Economy Department. He joined the Bank in 1995 as an Assistant Auditor and served as an Auditor from 1998 to 2001. 
Subsequently, he worked as an Assistant Manager and a Manager in various of the Bank’s branches and departments and also 
served as the Head of the Retail Banking Department from 2011 to 2013. In October 2013, he was appointed as an Executive 
Vice President of the Bank. 
Kadir Karataş 
Mr. Karataş (born 1971) graduated from Bolu Abant İzzet Baysal University’s Faculty of Economics and 
Administrative Sciences, Department of Business Administration and completed a master’s degree at Yıldız Technical 
University. Since 1996, Mr. Karataş has held the positions of financial analyst, auditor, manager, head and regional director 
in various departments and branches of the Bank. Mr. Karataş was appointed as an Executive Vice President of the Bank in 
August 2020. 
Şuayyip İlbilgi 
Mr. İlbilgi (born 1972) graduated from Gazi University, Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences, 
Department of Economics. He began to work as an Assistant Associate at the Bank in 1996. After working as the Manager in 
various head office departments, Mr. İlbilgi was appointed as the Head of Treasury in 2010. On 1 August 2017, he was 
appointed as an Executive Vice President of the Bank. 
Mikail Hıdır 
Mr. Hıdır (born 1979) graduated from Ankara University, Faculty of Law in 2000. After working as a lawyer, he 
began his career in the Bank in 2003 as an assistant auditor. Following his work as an auditor, Mr. Hıdır held the positions of

--- Page 170 ---
149 
Credit Risk Liquidation Manager, Compliance Manager, Head of Loan Monitoring and Legal Proceedings and Head of 
Internal Audit. In addition, he was served as the Executive Vice President in Türkiye Sigorta. Mr. Hıdır was appointed as an 
Executive Vice President of the Bank on 13 December 2018. 
Hazım Akyol 
Mr. Akyol (born 1969) graduated from Hacettepe University’s Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences, 
Department of Public Administration in 1990. He began his career as an Assistant Auditor at the Bank in 1993. Following his 
role as auditor, Mr. Akyol worked as an Assistant Manager of the Commercial Loans Department, as a Manager of the Bursa, 
Kavaklıdere/Ankara and Kızılay/Ankara branches and as a Corporate Marketing Manager of the Ankara Regional Head 
Office and the Emek/Ankara Branches. Mr. Akyol then was promoted to Senior Vice President of the Institutional Payroll 
Department and the Ankara Corporate Centre Branch. He has also served as a board member in various subsidiaries of the 
Bank. Mr. Akyol was appointed as an Executive Vice President of the Bank on 31 May 2019. 
Alaattin Şimşek 
Mr. Şimşek (born in 1972) graduated from Ankara University’s Faculty of Political Sciences, Department of Public 
Administration in 1994. He began his career as an Assistant Auditor at the Bank in 1995. Following his role as auditor, he 
worked as an Assistant Manager of the Blacksea Regional Directorate, as a Manager of the Trabzon Branch and as the 
Regional Manager of the East Anatolia Regional Directorate. At the Head Office level, Mr. Şimşek served as the Head of the 
Support Services and Loan Monitoring Departments. Prior to his appointment as Executive Vice President at Vakıf Yatırım 
Menkul Değerler A.Ş. in 2018, Mr. Şimşek served as the Regional Manager in different regions of Türkiye, including Trakya 
and the third, fifth and sixth regions of İstanbul. Mr. Şimşek was appointed as an Executive Vice President of the Bank on 
31 May 2019. 
Ferkan Merdan 
Mr. Merdan (born 1973) graduated from İstanbul University’s Faculty of Political Sciences and Department of 
Finance in 1996. Mr. Merdan has a master’s degree from the University of Turkish Aeronautical Association’s Institute of 
Social Sciences and Department of Business Administration. Mr. Merdan began his banking career at Ziraat Bank Banking 
School in 1996 before joining the Bank in 1999 and working as an Assistant Auditor and Auditor until 2006. Mr. Merdan 
served as a Manager of the Financial Control Department between 2006 and 2015, at which point he was promoted to Senior 
Vice President of the General Accounting and Financial Affairs Department. Mr. Merdan was appointed as an Executive 
Vice President of the Bank on 31 May 2019.  
Muhammed Onay Özkan 
Mr. Özkan (born 1977) graduated from Ankara University’s Faculty of Political Sciences and Department of 
Finance in 1999. Mr. Özkan began his career as an Assistant Auditor at the Bank in 2000 and thereafter worked as an 
Assistant Manager at the Treasury - Dealing Room Department, as a Manager at the Aspendos Bulvarı/Antalya Branch and 
as a Manager at the Dealing Room and Asset-Liability Management Departments. Mr. Özkan was promoted to Senior Vice 
President of the Treasury Department in 2017. Mr. Özkan was appointed as an Executive Vice President of the Bank on 
31 May 2019. 
Arif Çokçetin 
Mr. Çokçetin (born 1975) graduated from Istanbul University’s Faculty of Political Sciences and Department of 
Finance. In 1992, he began to work at the Ministry of Trade’s Istanbul Liquidation Management Directorate, after which he 
began his banking career as an Assistant Associate at the Bank starting in 1996. From 1996 to 2008, he held the positions of 
Assistant Financial Analyst, Financial Analyst and then Assistant Manager at the Bank’s Şişli Regional Financial Analysis 
Department. Mr. Çokçetin then served as the Manager of the Bank’s İstoç İstanbul Branch from 2008 to 2009, again as the 
Manager at the Bank’s Şişli Regional Financial Analysis Department from 2009 to 2012 and then as the Manager at the 
Bank’s Kadıköy Regional Financial Analysis Department from 2012 to 2013. Mr. Çokçetin was appointed as the Head of the 
Financial Analysis and Rating Department in 2013 and then, in 2020, as the Head of the Commercial Loans Department. In 
July 2020, Mr. Çokçetin was appointed as an Executive Vice President of the Bank.

--- Page 171 ---
150 
Mustafa Turan 
Mr. Turan (born 1979) graduated from Istanbul Technical University’s Faculty of Business Administration, 
Department of Management Engineering. Mr. Turan has held the positions of auditor, manager and head in various 
departments of the Bank since 2003 except from 1 September 2019 to 20 December 2021, during which time he served as the 
General Manager of Debt Management at the Turkish Treasury. Mr. Turan was appointed as Executive Vice President at the 
Bank on 14 July 2021. 
Board Committees 
The Bank has a number of committees comprising various members of the Board. These committees consider risk 
and credit matters and include the Asset and Liability Management Committee, the Audit Committee, the Credit Committee 
and the Corporate Governance Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Sustainability Committee. Certain 
information relating to these committees and their members is set out below. 
Asset and Liability Management Committee 
The Asset and Liability Management Committee is chaired by the General Manager of the Bank and is comprised of 
the Executive Vice Presidents, the Manager of Economic Research, the Head of Risk Management, the Head of Strategy and 
Planning and the Head of International Banking and Investor Relations. 
Audit Committee 
The Board has established the Audit Committee to oversee identified categories of risk in the Bank’s operations and 
portfolio. The Audit Committee reports to the Board on the results of the Bank’s internal control, risk management and audit 
activities and advises the Board of any actions that need to be implemented by the Bank to control certain risks. See “Risk 
Management” for further information. 
The Audit Committee is comprised of two members of the Board who do not have any executive functions. At least 
one of the members of the Audit Committee must be independent. The Audit Committee was set up to assist the Board in the 
performance of its audit and supervision functions and is responsible for: 
(a) monitoring the effectiveness and adequacy of the Bank’s internal control, risk management and internal 
audit systems, the operation of these systems and accounting and reporting systems in accordance with applicable 
regulations and the integrity of resulting information, 
(b) ensuring that the internal audit functions of entities that are subject to consolidation are performed in a 
consolidated and coordinated manner, including monitoring their compliance with internal control regulations and 
internal policies and procedures approved by the Board, 
(c) performing the preliminary studies required for the election of independent audit firms and regularly 
monitoring their activities, evaluating outsourcing service companies and monitoring the services provided, and 
(d) confirming that the financial reports of the Bank and the Group are accurate, contain all necessary 
information and are prepared in accordance with applicable legislation (including to ensure that errors and 
irregularities are resolved). 
Credit Committee 
In accordance with the Banking Law, the Board has delegated a certain amount of its loan approval authority to the 
Bank’s Credit Committee, which is chaired by the General Manager of the Bank and is comprised of two full and two 
alternate members of the Board. The Credit Committee holds meetings twice a month to review loan proposals sent by the 
branches to the head office but that exceed the head office’s loan limit (TL 40 million). The Credit Committee reviews these 
loan proposals, decides on those that are within its approval limits and submits those that exceed its authorised limits to the 
full Board for further review (between TL 40 million and TL 80 million).

--- Page 172 ---
151 
Corporate Governance Committee 
The Bank’s Board has established the Corporate Governance Committee to monitor compliance with the Bank’s 
corporate governance principles and practices, to investigate the reasons for, and assess the negative impact of, non-
compliance with such principles and to recommend corrective actions. The Corporate Governance Committee must be 
chaired by an independent board member. 
Remuneration Committee 
The Bank’s Remuneration Committee was established by the Board as per its resolution of 26 January 2012 in line 
with the Corporate Governance Principles. The Remuneration Committee identifies remuneration criteria depending upon the 
performance of both the Bank and the members of the Board. 
Sustainability Committee 
The Bank’s Sustainability Committee was established by the Board per its resolution of 30 December 2021 in order 
to manage all sustainability activities of the Bank, make the necessary revisions to ensure constant improvement and take 
necessary decisions. The Sustainability Committee must be chaired by the General Manager (CEO) of the Bank and also 
must include an independent member of the Board. 
Service Contracts 
The Group does not have any directors’ service contracts providing for benefits upon termination of employment. 
Compensation 
The Group aims to provide compensation that allows it to attract and retain individuals with the skills necessary to 
manage successfully and grow its business. The Group’s compensation policy seeks to provide total compensation that is 
competitive with other banks similar to it in terms of size and complexity of operations. The Group’s policy is to link a 
significant portion of its senior executives’ compensation to the performance of the business through incentive plans. 
Therefore, in structuring remuneration packages, the Group aims to link potential rewards to the performance of the business, 
as well as to the performance of the individual. 
Remuneration of the Board is determined and approved by the General Assembly of the Bank. The Board decides 
the remuneration of the Bank’s General Manager and other senior executives. During 2022, the total remuneration paid to the 
Board was TL 8,399,778 and to the members of the Audit Commission amounted to TL 856,579 and total compensation paid 
to the senior management (including Executive Vice Presidents and senior executives who are also members of the Board) 
amounted to TL 64,824,098 (TL 4,342,139, TL 354,735 and TL 28,108,843, respectively, for 2020 and TL 5,206,680, 
TL 676,170 and TL 37,516,519 respectively, for 2021). No loans have been made to the directors or senior executives of the 
Bank since 1 January 2008. There are no pensions, retirement or similar benefits provided by the Group for the members of 
the Board. 
Share Ownership 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the members of the Board or the executives identified in “Executive 
Management” above, or any senior executives of any of the Bank’s subsidiaries, directly or indirectly owns more than 0.1% 
of the Bank’s share capital. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Except as described below, there are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Bank of any 
of the members of the Board and the executive management and their respective private interests or other duties. 
Each member of the Board (except the General Manager) is appointed from among the candidates nominated by 
shareholders of one or all of the four classes of shares in the Bank. The interests of the shareholders holding shares in

--- Page 173 ---
152 
classes A, B, C and D (and thus the director(s) representing those share classes) are potentially in conflict with the interests of 
the Bank as further described below. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Class A and Class B shares are primarily held by the Turkish Treasury 
and such shares are represented and managed by the Minister to whom the Turkish Treasury reports. In addition, a large 
portion of the Class D shares are held by the Turkish Treasury indirectly through the Türkiye Wealth Fund as of such date. 
See “Ownership.” The interests of the Turkish government potentially conflict with the interests of the Bank across a range of 
potential issues (e.g., the regulation of Turkish banks). In circumstances in which the Board is required to make a decision in 
relation to a matter in which the interests of the Bank and the Turkish government are not aligned, then, as a result of their 
respective responsibilities to the share classes that they represent, the Class A directors (Messrs. Aksu, Üstünsalih and 
Saydam), the Class B director (Dr. Adnan Ertem) and the Class D director (Mr. Bilgin) might vote for the Bank to take an 
action that is in the interests of the Turkish government but that might not be considered to be in the interests of the Bank. 
The Turkish government also exercises significant influence over the management of the Bank. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Class C shares are primarily held by the Vakıfbank Pension Fund. As of 
such date, the Vakıfbank Pension Fund represents the interests of its members and its interests thus may not align with those 
of the Bank (e.g., regarding matters relating to the Bank’s employees). In circumstances where the Class C directors 
(Messrs. Uğur and Kurt) are required to make a decision in relation to a matter in which the interests of the Bank and the 
Vakıfbank Pension Fund are not aligned, the Class C directors might vote for the Bank to take an action that is in the interests 
of the Vakıfbank Pension Fund but that might not be considered to be in the interests of the Bank; however, if the Class C 
shares held by the Vakıfbank Pension Fund are transferred to the Turkish Treasury, then such shares will be represented and 
managed by the Minister to whom the Turkish Treasury reports. 
The Class D shares of the Bank are represented by Mr. Bilgin. The holders of the Bank’s free-floating Class D 
shares owned, in the aggregate, 81.15% of the outstanding shares of the Bank as of the date of this Base Prospectus 
(including the 74.79% held by the Türkiye Wealth Fund). Other than the Türkiye Wealth Fund, none of the Class D 
shareholders owned more than 5% of the outstanding shares of the Bank as of such date. 
Address 
The Bank’s registered office is Finanskent Mahallesi Finans Caddesi No: 40/1, Ümraniye, İstanbul, Türkiye. Its 
telephone number is +90 216 724 1000. Its registration number is 776444.

--- Page 174 ---
153 
OWNERSHIP 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Bank was TL 9,915,921,523 consisting of an 
equivalent number of shares, each share having a nominal value of TL 1.00. As of the same date, the shares were distributed 
as follows: 
Shareholders 
Class of 
Shares 
Share 
Amount 
(TL) 
Turkish Treasury (directly and indirectly)............................
All
89.54%
8,878,653,490
Turkish Treasury ...........................................................
A
10.84%
1,075,058,640
Turkish Treasury ...........................................................
B
3.91%
387,673,328
Türkiye Wealth Fund .....................................................
D
74.79%
7,415,921,522
Non-affiliated foundations....................................................
B
0.03%
2,591,251
Vakıfbank Pension Fund.......................................................
C
4.06%
402,552,666
Individuals and legal entities ................................................
C
0.02%
1,527,393
Free float (other than the Türkiye Wealth Fund) .................. 
D 
6.36% 
630,596,723 
Total .................................................................................  
 
100.00% 
9,915,921,523 
There are four classes of shares: A, B, C and D. Other than as described in the following paragraph, all shares have 
equal voting rights in the General Assembly, which is the ultimate governing body of the Bank. The ordinary General 
Assembly meetings generally take place in the first quarter of each year. All shareholders are invited to this meeting. Should 
there be a need for an extraordinary meeting (for example, to approve a capital increase), such meeting is announced publicly 
at least three weeks in advance. 
Transfer to the Turkish Treasury of certain shares of the Bank 
On 24 December 2017, Decree No. 696 amending the Vakıfbank Law was published in the Official Gazette. 
According to such Decree, the Bank’s Class A and B shares that were owned by foundations managed and represented by the 
GDF (but not Class B shares held by non-affiliated foundations) were transferred to the Turkish Treasury on 11 December 
2019 following the President’s Decision regarding the Share Transfer. 
Decree No. 696 also added a provisional article to the Vakıfbank Law, which article provides that the Bank, for so 
long as the government’s share of its stock does not fall below 50%, would be exempt from any court- and execution 
proceedings-related charges that might arise from lawsuits filed or proceedings initiated by the Bank to collect its NPLs and 
other receivables. 
Decree No. 696 also aimed to align the laws applicable to the Bank with those governing other state-controlled 
banks (i.e., Ziraat and Halkbank) and amended the Vakıfbank Law’s article regarding formation of the Board. Accordingly, 
while the Board continues consisting of nine members, each member will be appointed by the General Assembly. 
Accordingly, the changes introduced by Decree No. 696 abolished the Prime Minister’s right to appoint the Bank’s General 
Manager, which right is no longer necessary given that the Turkish Treasury controls a majority of the Bank’s shares. 
Following such share transfer(s), the Turkish Treasury has become the controlling party of the Bank, enabling it to nominate 
and vote directly for the members of the Bank’s Board, who would then appoint the Bank’s General Manager in accordance 
with the Banking Law. 
As noted above, the Turkish Treasury (via the Türkiye Wealth Fund) acquired newly issued Class D shares of the 
Bank on 20 May 2020. 
The Türkiye Wealth Fund contributed an additional TL 13.4 billion in capital to the Bank on 21 March 2022 through 
the purchase of additional shares of common stock, which capital increase was approved at the Bank’s general assembly 
meeting on 25 March 2022. 
The Türkiye Wealth Fund contributed an additional TL 32.0 billion in capital to the Bank on 19 April 2023 through 
the purchase of additional shares of common stock. The positive impact of this capital injection on the Bank’s total capital 
adequacy ratios would have been 284 basis points had it been in place as of 31 December 2022.

--- Page 175 ---
154 
Main Shareholders other than the Turkish Treasury (including via the Türkiye Wealth Fund) 
Non-Affiliated Foundations 
The non-affiliated foundations holding Class B shares are independent foundations with separate boards of trustees 
and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, held Class B shares constituting approximately 0.03% of the Bank’s shares. The 
Class B shares can only be sold by a resolution of the President of Türkiye. 
Türkiye Vakıflar Bankası T.A.O. Memur ve Hizmetlileri Emekli ve Sağlık Yardım Sandığı (i.e., the Vakıfbank 
Pension Fund) 
The Vakıfbank Pension Fund has a 4.06% stake in the Bank’s capital as a Class C shareholder as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus. The Bank’s employees contribute to the Vakıfbank Pension Fund, which is distinct from the mandatory 
social security coverage provided by the Social Insurance Institution (Sosyal Sigortalar Kurumu). It is mandatory for all of 
the Bank’s Turkish employees to become members of the Vakıfbank Pension Fund. As of such date, the Class C shares may 
be assigned by the Vakıfbank Pension Fund but any such assignment may require a change to the fund’s organic documents. 
Other Shareholders 
The other shareholders consist of: (a) individuals or legal entities who, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
together own approximately 0.02% of the Bank’s equity as Class C shareholders and (b) other than the Class D shares held 
by the Türkiye Wealth Fund, holders of the publicly traded shares of the Bank who, as of such date, account for 6.36% of the 
Bank’s equity as Class D shares.

--- Page 176 ---
155 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
Under BRSA regulations, related parties of the Bank include: (a) entities or individuals that are directors, 
shareholders, general managers and deputy general managers (and, even if they are employed under different titles, managers 
who have equivalent or higher positions in terms of their responsibilities and powers), (b) the respective spouses and children 
of any of the aforementioned individuals, (c) affiliates and (d) entities under the management or control of the Bank but do 
not include other Turkish state-controlled entities. 
The Group paid donations to social responsibility facilities and foundations, including the GDF, totalling TL 85.8 
million, TL 42.1 million and TL 349.8 million in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, each according to management data. In 
2020, the Bank donated TL 50 million to the Covid-19 campaign of the Ministry of Family, Labour and Social Services, 
TL 19.8 million to the Ministry of National Education, TL 15 million to the foundation of Turkish Police Officers and TL 1 
million for the purpose of providing educational scholarships. In 2021, the Bank donated TL 22.2 million to the Ministry of 
National Education, TL 12.5 million to the Turkish Police Force Strengthening Foundation, TL 834 thousand to the Banks 
Association of Türkiye and TL 765 thousand for the purpose of providing educational scholarships. In 2022, the Bank 
donated TL 250 million to Darülaceze (the hospice institution of Türkiye), TL 52.8 million to the Ministry of National 
Education, TL 40.9 million to the Turkish Police Force Strengthening Foundation and TL 4.7 million to the treatment of 
Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA). 
In addition, the Group has made certain cash advances and commitments in favour of certain of its affiliates and 
shareholders. Such cash advances amounted as of 31 December 2022 to 2.29% (0.710% and 0.015%, respectively, as of 
31 December 2021 and 2020) of total cash loans advanced by the Group. Total commitments and contingencies entered into 
in favour of affiliates and shareholders of the Bank amounted to TL 510 million (or 0.24% of the Group’s total commitments 
and contingencies) as of 31 December 2020, TL 240 million (or 0.07%) as of 31 December 2021 and TL 242 million (0.04%) 
as of 31 December 2022. As noted in “The Group and its Business – Operations – Retail Banking – Deposits,” the Group 
receives significant deposits from state-controlled entities. 
The Group enters into these related party transactions (including transactions with Turkish state-controlled entities) 
in the ordinary course of its business and on an arm’s length basis and will continue to do so in the future. While none of 
these individual transactions is material, the transactions involving the granting of commitments and contingencies represent, 
in the aggregate, a material exposure on behalf of related parties. 
In addition, the Group in the ordinary course of its business enters into commercial real estate transactions with the 
Vakıfbank Private Pension Fund and Vakıf Gayrimenkul Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş. such as the sale or lease of real property, and 
the Vakıfbank Pension Fund keeps interest-bearing deposits and/or securities with the Bank. These transactions are entered 
into on an arm’s length basis.

--- Page 177 ---
156 
THE TURKISH BANKING SECTOR 
The following information relating to the Turkish banking sector has been provided for background purposes only. 
The information has been extracted from third-party sources that the Bank’s management believes to be reliable but the Bank 
has not independently verified such information. See “Responsibility Statement.” 
The Turkish Banking Sector 
After a phase of consolidation, liquidations and significant regulatory enhancements in the 2000s, the Turkish 
banking sector has experienced a period of stability. The total number of banks (including deposit-taking banks, investment 
banks and development banks) in the sector has held relatively steady since 2008. During this phase, bank combinations have 
been few and changes to the roster have resulted principally from strategic investors purchasing existing local banks. Foreign 
investors have, amongst others, included BBVA, BNP Paribas, Citigroup, HSBC, ING, Bank of China, Intesa Sanpaolo, 
MUFG Bank, Ltd., Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Qatar National Bank and, in the most recent significant 
acquisition, Emirates NBD acquired Sberbank’s stake in Denizbank A.Ş. (“Denizbank”), a mid-sized bank in Türkiye, in 
2019. 
As of 31 March 2023, 52 banks (including domestic and foreign banks but excluding the Central Bank) were 
operating in Türkiye (six participation banks, which conduct their business under different legislation in accordance with 
Islamic banking principles, are not included in this analysis). Thirty-five of these were deposit-taking banks (including the 
Bank) and the remainder were development and investment banks. Among the deposit-taking banks, three banks were state-
controlled banks, eight were private domestic banks, 21 were private foreign banks and three were under the administration 
of the SDIF. 
The Banking Law permits deposit-taking banks to engage in all fields of financial activities, including deposit 
collection, corporate and consumer lending, foreign exchange transactions, capital market activities and securities trading. 
Typically, major commercial banks have nationwide branch networks and provide a full range of banking services, while 
smaller commercial banks focus on wholesale banking. The main objectives of development and investment banks are to 
provide medium-and long-term funding for investment in different sectors.  
Deposit-taking Turkish banks’ total balance sheets have grown at a compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”) of 
27.73% from 31 December 2012 to 31 December 2022, driven by loan book expansion and customer deposits growth, which 
increased by a CAGR of 25.30% and 27.64%, respectively, during such period, in each case according to data from the 
BRSA. Despite strong growth of net loans and customer deposits, the Turkish banking sector remains relatively under-
penetrated compared to the eurozone. Loans/GDP and customer deposits/GDP ratios of the Turkish banking sector were 
50.52% and 59.05%, respectively, as of 31 December 2022 according to BRSA and Turkstat data, whereas 19 countries in 
the eurozone’s banking sector had average loan and customer deposit penetration ratios of 180% and 173%, respectively, as 
of the same date based upon data from the ECB.

--- Page 178 ---
157 
The following table shows key indicators for deposit-taking banks in Türkiye as of (or for the period ended on) the 
indicated dates. 
As of (or for the year ended) 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(TL millions, except percentages)
Balance sheet 
Loans.....................................................................
2,088,599
2,308,603
3,091,047
4,152,545
6,517,978
Total assets............................................................
3,403,305
3,904,022
5,281,462
7,882,807
12,340,649
Customer deposits .................................................
1,899,352
2,351,444
3,133,909
4,746,930
7,970,792
Shareholders’ equity..............................................
367,745
425,808
519,022
613,560
1,226,089
Income statement 
Net interest income ...............................................
133,019
146,242
192,159
236,431
682,763
Net fees and commission income..........................
29,760
39,598
35,519
50,964
118,542
Total income .........................................................
193,457
230,441
274,666
363,032
928,732
Net Profit ..................................................................
47,711
40,986
48,688
77,608
380,041
Key ratios 
Loans to customer deposits ratio...........................
110.0%
98.2%
98.6%
87.5%
81.8%
Net interest margin(1).............................................
5.3%
5.1%
5.4%
4.8%
9.3%
Return on average shareholders’ equity(2) .............
14.0%
10.3%
10.3%
13.7%
41.3%
Capital adequacy ratio...........................................
16.9%
18.0%
18.3%
18.1%
19.2%
____________ 
Source: BRSA monthly bulletin (www.bddk.org.tr) 
(1) Calculated as net interest income/(expense) as a percentage of the average interest-earning assets (securities, performing loans and other interest-
earning assets) for the applicable period as reported in the BRSA monthly bulletin. 
(2) Calculated as profit as a percentage of the average shareholders’ equity for the applicable period as reported in the BRSA monthly bulletin. 
Competition 
The Turkish banking industry is highly competitive and relatively concentrated with the top 10 deposit-taking banks 
accounting for 94.0% of total assets of deposit-taking banks as of 31 December 2022 according to data from the BRSA. 
Among the top 10 Turkish banks, there are three large state-controlled banks – Ziraat, the Bank and Halkbank, which were 
ranked first, second and fourth, respectively, in terms of total assets as of such date according to the bank-only financials 
published in the Public Disclosure Platform (www.kap.gov.tr). These three state-controlled banks accounted for 47.0% of 
deposit-taking Turkish banks’ performing loans and 49.3% of total deposits as of such date according to the BRSA. The top 
four privately-owned banks as of such date were İşbank, Garanti, Yapı Kredi Bank and Akbank, which in total accounted for 
40.1% of deposit-taking Turkish banks’ performing loans and 38.6% of total deposits as of such date according to the BRSA. 
The remaining banks in the top 10 deposit-taking banks in Türkiye as of such date included three mid-sized banks, namely 
QNB Finansbank A.Ş., Denizbank and the Export Credit Bank of Türkiye, which were controlled by Qatar National Bank, 
Emirates NBD and the Turkish Treasury and, respectively, as of such date.

--- Page 179 ---
158 
TURKISH REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 
Regulatory Institutions 
Turkish banks and branches of foreign banks in Türkiye are primarily governed by two regulatory authorities in 
Türkiye, the BRSA and the Central Bank. 
The Role of the BRSA 
In June 1999, the Banks Act No. 4389 (which has been replaced by the Banking Law) established the BRSA. The 
BRSA supervises the application of banking legislation, monitors the banking system and is responsible for ensuring that 
banks observe banking legislation. 
Articles 82 and 93 of the Banking Law state that the BRSA, having the status of a public legal entity with 
administrative and financial autonomy, is established in order to ensure application of the Banking Law and other relevant 
acts, to ensure that savings are protected and to carry out other activities as necessary by issuing regulations within the limits 
of the authority granted to it by the Banking Law. The BRSA is obliged and authorised to take and implement any decisions 
and measures in order to prevent any transaction or action that might jeopardise the rights of depositors and the regular and 
secure operation of banks and/or might lead to substantial damages to the national economy, as well as to ensure efficient 
functioning of the credit system. 
The BRSA has responsibility for all banks operating in Türkiye, including development and investment banks, 
foreign banks and participation banks. The BRSA sets various mandatory ratios such as reserve levels, capital adequacy and 
liquidity ratios. In addition, all banks must provide the BRSA, on a regular and timely basis, information adequate to permit 
off-site analysis by the BRSA of such bank’s financial performance, including balance sheets, profit and loss accounts, board 
of directors’ reports and auditor’s reports. 
The BRSA conducts both on-site and off-site audits and supervises implementation of the provisions of the Banking 
Law and other legislation, examination of all banking operations and analysis of the relationship and balance between assets, 
receivables, equity capital, liabilities, profit and loss accounts and all other factors affecting a bank’s financial structure. 
The Role of the Central Bank 
The Central Bank was founded in 1930 and performs the traditional functions of a central bank, including the 
issuance of bank notes, determining the exchange rate regime in Türkiye jointly with the government and to design and 
implement this regime, maintenance of price stability and continuity, regulation of the money supply, management of official 
gold and foreign exchange reserves, monitoring of the financial system and advising the government on financial matters. 
The Central Bank exercises its powers independently of the government. The Central Bank is empowered to determine the 
inflation target together with the government, and to adopt a monetary policy in compliance with such target. The Central 
Bank is the only authorised and responsible institution for the implementation of such monetary policy. 
The Central Bank has responsibility for all banks operating in Türkiye, including foreign banks. The Central Bank 
sets mandatory reserve levels. In addition, each bank must provide the Central Bank, on a current basis, information adequate 
to permit off-site evaluation of its financial performance, including balance sheets, profit and loss accounts, board of 
directors’ reports and auditor’s reports. 
Pursuant to amendments introduced to the Banking Law in 2020, the Central Bank has been empowered to 
determine maximum interest rates for lending and deposit-taking activities of banks, as well as caps on fees, expenses and 
commissions charged by banks to their clients for any sort of activity. 
Banks Association of Türkiye 
The Banks Association of Türkiye is an organisation that provides limited supervision of and coordination among 
banks (excluding the participation banks) operating in Türkiye. All banks (excluding the participation banks) in Türkiye are 
obligated to become members of this association. As the representative body of the banking sector, the association aims to

--- Page 180 ---
159 
examine, protect and promote its members’ professional interests; however, despite its supervisory and disciplinary functions, 
it does not possess any powers to regulate banking. 
Shareholdings 
The direct or indirect acquisition by a Person of shares that represent 10% or more of the share capital of any bank 
or the direct or indirect acquisition or disposition of such shares by a Person if the total number of shares held by such Person 
increases above or falls below 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% of the share capital of a bank, requires the permission of the BRSA in 
order to preserve full voting and other shareholders’ rights associated with such shares. In addition, irrespective of the 
thresholds above, an assignment and transfer of privileged shares with the right to nominate a member to the board of 
directors or audit committee (or the issuance of new shares with such privileges) is also subject to the authorisation of the 
BRSA. Additionally, the direct or indirect acquisition or transfer of any shares of a legal entity that owns 10% or more of the 
share capital of a bank is subject to the BRSA’s approval if such transfer results in the total number of such legal entity’s 
shares directly or indirectly held by a shareholder increasing above or falling below 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% of the share 
capital of such legal entity. If such approval is not obtained, then the relevant shares would merely entitle their owner to the 
right to dividends whereas the voting and other shareholder rights would be exercised by the SDIF. 
The board of directors of a bank is responsible for taking necessary measures to ascertain that shareholders attending 
a general assembly have obtained the applicable authorisations from the BRSA. If the BRSA determines that a shareholder 
has exercised voting or other shareholders’ rights (other than the right to collect dividends) without due authorisation as 
described in the preceding paragraph, then it is authorised to direct the board of directors of a bank to start the procedure to 
cancel such applicable general assembly resolutions (including by way of taking any necessary precautions concerning such 
banks within its authority under the Banking Law if such procedure has not been started yet). If the shares are obtained on the 
stock exchange, then the BRSA may also impose administrative fines on shareholders who exercise their rights or acquire or 
transfer shares as described in the preceding paragraph without authorisation by the BRSA. In the case that the procedure to 
cancel such general assembly resolutions is not yet started, or such transfer of shares is not deemed appropriate by the BRSA 
even though the procedure to cancel such general assembly resolutions is started, then, upon the notification of the BRSA, the 
SDIF has the authority to exercise such voting and other shareholders’ rights (other than the right to collect dividends and 
priority rights) attributable to such shareholder. 
Lending Limits 
The Banking Law sets out certain lending limits for banks and other financial institutions designed to protect those 
institutions from excessive exposure to any one counterparty (or group of related counterparties). In particular: 
(a) Credits extended to a natural person, a legal entity or a risk group (as defined under Article 49 of the 
Banking Law) in the amounts of 10% or more of a bank’s shareholders’ equity are classified as large credits and the 
total of such credits cannot be more than eight times the bank’s shareholders’ equity. 
(b) The Banking Law restricts the total financial exposure (including extension of credits, issuance of 
guarantees, etc.) that a bank may have to any one customer or a risk group directly or indirectly to 25% of its equity 
capital. Furthermore, a bank, its shareholders holding 10% or more of the bank’s voting rights or the right to 
nominate board members, its board members, its general manager, its deputy general managers and, notwithstanding 
their title, its managers employed in equivalent or higher positions (in each case, and their respective spouses and 
children) and partnerships directly or indirectly, individually or jointly, controlled by any of such persons or a 
partnership in which such persons participate with unlimited liability or in which such persons act as a member of 
the board of directors or general managers constitute a risk group, for which the lending limits are reduced to 20% of 
a bank’s equity capital, subject to the BRSA’s discretion to increase such lending limits up to 25% or to lower it to 
the legal limit. 
(c) Loans extended to a bank’s shareholders (irrespective of whether they are controlling shareholders or 
they own qualified shares) registered with the share ledger of the bank holding more than 1% of the share capital of 
the bank and their risk groups may not exceed 50% of the bank’s capital equity.

--- Page 181 ---
160 
Non-cash loans, futures and option contracts and other similar contracts, avals, guarantees and suretyships, 
transactions carried out with credit institutions and other financial institutions, transactions carried out with the central 
governments, central banks and banks of the countries accredited with the BRSA, as well as bills, bonds and similar capital 
market instruments issued or guaranteed to be paid by them, and transactions carried out pursuant to such guarantees are 
taken into account for the purpose of calculation of loan limits within the framework of principles and ratios set by the 
BRSA. 
Pursuant to Article 55 of the Banking Law, the following transactions are exempt from the above-mentioned lending 
limits: 
(a) transactions backed by cash, cash-like instruments and accounts and precious metals, 
(b) transactions carried out with the Turkish Treasury, the Central Bank, the Privatisation Administration, 
the Housing Development Administration of Türkiye, the Türkiye Wealth Fund and its management company 
(Türkiye Varlık Fonu Yönetimi A.Ş.) as well as transactions carried out against bills, bonds and other securities 
issued by or payment of which is guaranteed by these institutions, 
(c) transactions carried out in money markets established by the Central Bank or pursuant to special laws, 
(d) in the event a new loan is extended to the same Person or to the same risk group (but excluding checks 
and credit cards), any increase due to the volatility of exchange rates, taking into consideration the current exchange 
rate of the loans made available earlier in foreign currency (or exchange rate), at the date when the new loan was 
extended; as well as interest accrued on overdue loans, dividends and other elements, 
(e) equity participations acquired due to any capital increases at no cost and any increase in the value of 
equity participations not requiring any fund outflow, 
(f) transactions carried out among banks on the basis set out by the BRSA, 
(g) equity participations acquired through underwriting commitments in public offerings; provided that 
such participations are disposed of in a manner and at a time determined by the BRSA, 
(h) transactions that are taken into account as deductibles in calculation of equity, and 
(i) other transactions to be determined by the BRSA. 
Expected Credit Losses 
Pursuant to Article 53 of the Banking Law, banks must formulate, implement and regularly review policies 
regarding compensation for losses that have arisen or are likely to arise in connection with loans and other receivables and to 
reserve an adequate level of provisions against depreciation or impairment in the value of other assets, for qualification and 
classification of assets, receipt of guarantees and securities and measurement of their value and reliability. In addition, such 
policies must address issues such as monitoring loans under review, write-off of such loans in accordance with Turkish 
Financial Reporting Standards as published by the POA, follow-up procedures and the repayment (including restructuring) of 
loans. All special provisions set aside for loans in accordance with this article are considered to be expenditures deductible 
from the corporate tax base in the year in which they are set aside. Loans written off as per this article due to the loss of 
recovery possibility after setting aside special provisions are to be recorded as bad debt. 
Procedures relating to expected credit losses for NPLs are set out in Article 53 of the Banking Law and in 
regulations issued by the BRSA (principally through the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, which entered 
into force as of 1 January 2018 and replaced the former regulation). Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions 
Regulation, banks are required to classify their loans and other receivables into one of the following groups:

--- Page 182 ---
161 
(a) Group I: Loans of a Standard Nature: This group involves each loan (which, for purposes of 
the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, includes other receivables, and shall be understood 
as such elsewhere in this Base Prospectus): 
(i) that has been disbursed to financially creditworthy natural persons and legal entities, 
(ii) the principal and interest payments of which have been structured according to the 
solvency and cash flow of the debtor, 
(iii) repayments of which have been made within due dates or have not been overdue for 
more than 30 days, for which no repayment problems are expected in the future, and that have the 
ability to be collected in full without recourse to any collateral, 
(iv) for which no weakening of the creditworthiness of the applicable debtor has been 
found, and 
(v) to which 12 month expected credit loss reserve applies under TFRS 9. 
On 27 March 2020 (with retroactive effect from 17 March 2020), the BRSA (as part of the 
measures taken against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic) announced a temporary rule (effective 
until 31 December 2020) providing that the 30 days referred to in clause (iii) is replaced with 90 days, 
resulting in a 60-day extension in the period for loans remaining categorised as Group I loans before being 
categorised as Group II loans. On 8 December 2020, the BRSA extended this temporary rule until 30 June 
2021, which (on 17 June 2021) was then further extended through 30 September 2021. On 16 September 
2021, the BRSA announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of this temporary rule on 30 September 
2021, it would still apply to loans classified (as per this provisional measure) as Group I loans that were 
overdue for more than 31 days but not more than 90 days as of 1 October 2021. 
(b) Group II: Loans Under Close Monitoring: This group involves each loan:  
(i) that has been extended to financially creditworthy natural persons and legal entities 
and where negative changes in the debtor’s solvency or cash flow have been observed or predicted 
due to adverse events in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates, 
or other adverse events solely related to the respective debtor, 
(ii) that needs to be closely monitored due to reasons such as significant financial risk 
carried by the debtor at the time of the utilisation of the loan, 
(iii) in connection with which problems are likely to occur as to principal and interest 
payments under the conditions of the loan agreement, and where such problems (in case not 
resolved) might result in non-payment risk before recourse to any collateral, 
(iv) although the creditworthiness of the debtor has not weakened in comparison with its 
creditworthiness on the day the loan is granted, there is likelihood of such weakening due to the 
debtor’s irregular and unmanageable cash flow, 
(v) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which are overdue for more 
than 30 but less than 90 days following any payment due date (including the maturity date) for 
reasons that cannot be interpreted as a weakening in creditworthiness, 
(vi) in connection with which the credit risk of the debtor has notably increased pursuant 
to TFRS 9, 
(vii) repayments of which are fully dependent upon collateral and the net realisable 
value of such collateral falls under the receivable amount,

--- Page 183 ---
162 
(viii) that has been subject to restructuring when monitored under Group I or Group II 
without being subject to classification as an NPL, or 
(ix) that has been subject to restructuring while being monitored as an NPL and 
classified as a performing loan upon satisfaction of the relevant conditions stated in the regulation. 
On 27 March 2020 (with retroactive effect from 17 March 2020), the BRSA (as part of the 
measures taken against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic) announced a temporary rule (effective 
until 31 December 2020) providing that the 30 days referred to in clause (v) is replaced with 90 days, 
resulting in a 60-day extension in the period for loans remaining categorised as Group I loans before being 
categorised as Group II loans. On 8 December 2020, the BRSA extended this temporary rule until 30 June 
2021, which (on 17 June 2021) was then further extended through 30 September 2021. On 16 September 
2021, the BRSA announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of this temporary rule on 30 September 
2021, it would still apply to loans classified (as per this provisional measure) as Group II loans that were 
overdue for more than 91 days but not more than 180 days as of 1 October 2021. 
(c) Group III: Loans with Limited Recovery: This group involves each loan: 
(i) in connection with which the debtor’s creditworthiness has weakened, 
(ii) that demonstrates limited possibility for the collection of the full amount due to the 
insufficiency of net realisable value of the collateral or the debtor’s resources to meet the 
collection of the full amount on the due date without any recourse to the collateral, and that would 
likely result in losses in case such problems are not resolved, 
(iii) collection of the principal and/or interest of which has/have been delayed for more 
than 90 days but not more than 180 days from the payment due date, 
(iv) in connection with which the bank is of the opinion that collection by the bank of 
the principal or interest of the loan or both will be delayed for more than 90 days from the 
payment due date owing to reasons such as the debtor’s difficulties in financing working capital or 
in creating additional liquidity as a result of adverse events in macroeconomic conditions or in the 
sector in which the debtor operates or other adverse events solely related to the debtor, or 
(v) that has been classified as a performing loan after restructuring but principal and/or 
interest payments of which have been overdue for more than 30 days within one year of 
restructuring or have been subject to another restructuring within a year of a previous 
restructuring. 
On 17 March 2020, the BRSA (as part of the measures taken against the impacts of the COVID-19 
pandemic) implemented a temporary rule (effective until 31 December 2020) providing that the 90 days 
referred to in clauses (iii) and (iv) are replaced with 180 days, resulting in loans remaining categorised as 
Group II loans longer. The temporary rule did not provide any guidance as to classification of loans with 
payment delays of more than 180 days; however, it might be the case that such loans would bypass 
Group III and become Group IV loans. This temporary rule also suspended the application of clause (v) 
through 31 December 2020. On 8 December 2020, the BRSA extended this temporary rule until 30 June 
2021, which (other than the suspension of the application of clause (v)) was on 17 June 2021 further 
extended through 30 September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that, notwithstanding 
the expiration of this temporary rule on 30 September 2021, it would still apply to loans classified (as per 
this provisional measure) as Group II loans that were overdue for more than 91 days but not more than 180 
days as of 1 October 2021.

--- Page 184 ---
163 
(d) Group IV: Loans with Suspicious Recovery: This group involves each loan: 
(i) principal and/or interest payments of which will probably not be repaid in full under 
the terms of the loan agreement without recourse to any collateral, 
(ii) in connection with which the debtor’s creditworthiness has significantly 
deteriorated, but which loan is not considered as an actual loss due to expected factors such as 
merger, the possibility of finding new financing or a capital increase to enhance the debtor’s 
creditworthiness or the possibility of the credit being collected, 
(iii) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue for 
more than 180 days but less than one year following any payment due date (including the maturity 
date), or 
(iv) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which is expected to be 
overdue for more than 180 days following any payment due date (including the maturity date) as a 
result of adverse events in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates 
or adverse events solely related to the debtor. 
(e) Group V: Loans Considered as Losses: This group involves each loan: 
(i) for which, as a result of the complete loss of the debtor’s creditworthiness, no 
collection is expected or only a negligible part of the total receivable amount is expected to be 
collected, 
(ii) although having the characteristics stated in Groups III and IV, the collection of the 
total receivable amount of which, albeit due and payable, is unlikely within a period exceeding 
one year, or 
(iii) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue for 
more than one year following any payment due date. 
Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, the following loans are classified as 
NPLs: (a) loans that are classified under Groups III, IV and V, (b) loans the debtors of which are deemed to have 
defaulted pursuant to the Communiqué on the Calculation of Principal Subject to Credit Risk by Internal-Ratings 
Based Approaches (published in the Official Gazette dated 23 October 2015 and numbered 29511) or (c) loans to 
which, as a result of debtor’s default, the lifetime expected credit loss reserve applies under TFRS 9. Financial 
guarantees are also classified as NPLs on the basis of their nominal amounts in case where: (i) a risk of a 
compensation claim by the creditor has occurred or (ii) the debt assumed under the relevant financial guarantee falls 
within the scope of any of the circumstances stated in clause (a), (b) or (c). If several loans have been extended to a 
debtor by the same bank and any of these loans is classified as an NPL, then all other loans extended to such debtor 
by such bank shall also be classified as NPLs; however, for consumer loans, even if any of these loans is classified 
as an NPL, other consumer loans granted to the same debtor may be classified in the respective applicable group 
other than Group I. According to the decisions of the BRSA dated 15 November 2018 and numbered 8095 and dated 
1 August 2019 and numbered 5477, KGF-guaranteed loans (which are supported by the Turkish Treasury) and loans 
restructured within the scope of the Framework Agreement will not be classified as NPLs unless there is an overdue 
amount for more than 90 days following the due date; however, pursuant to March 2020 amendments to the rules, 
the 90 day limit was increased to 180 days until 31 December 2020. On 8 December 2020, the BRSA extended this 
temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which (on 17 June 2021) was then further extended through 30 September 2021. 
On 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of this temporary rule on 
30 September 2021, it would still apply to loans that were overdue for more than 91 days but not more than 180 days 
as of 1 October 2021. On 8 July 2021, the BRSA published amendments to the Regulation on Loan Transactions of 
Banks, pursuant to which amendments a resolution mechanism regarding restructured loans and NPLs is required to 
be implemented by banks whose gross NPLs are equal to or exceed 0.5% of the total NPLs in the Turkish banking 
sector.

--- Page 185 ---
164 
On 27 November 2019, the BRSA published an amendment to the Classification of Loans and Provisions 
Regulation, which was retroactively made effective from 19 July 2019. According to this amendment, if the portion 
of a loan for which a lifelong expected loan loss provision or special provision has been set aside due to the debtor’s 
default and that is classified under Group V is not reasonably expected to be recovered, then such portion/loan may 
(as an accounting matter) be written down within the scope of TFRS 9 as of the first fiscal reporting period 
following its classification under Group V. On 6 July 2021, the BRSA further amended the Classification of Loans 
and Provisions Regulation, pursuant to which amendments banks are allowed to write-down such portion/loan 
within a period that is deemed appropriate by the bank; however, banks are required to justify and record the 
relevant time period and have the relevant documents available for audit. 
The Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation includes detailed rules and criteria in relation to 
concepts of the “reclassification” and “restructuring” of loans. The reclassification of NPLs as performing loans is 
subject to the following conditions: (a) all overdue repayments that have caused the relevant loan to be classified as 
an NPL have been collected in full without any recourse to any security, (b) as of the date of the reclassification, 
there has not been any overdue repayment and the last two repayments preceding such date (except the repayments 
mentioned in clause (a)) have been realised in full by their due date, and (c) conditions for such loans to be classified 
under Group I or II have been fulfilled. Furthermore, loans that have been fully or partially written-down by the 
banks in their assets, security for which loans has been enforced to satisfy the debt or repayment of which has been 
made in kind, cannot be classified as a performing loan. On 6 July 2021, the BRSA introduced amendments to the 
Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, pursuant to which amendments banks are required to keep the 
criteria for reclassification of NPLs in written form and make the relevant documents available for audit. According 
to non-public BRSA decisions dated 8 November 2019 and 8 December 2020, loans that are partially repaid through 
the foreclosure on collateral or have been paid in kind were exempt from this regulation through 30 June 2021. 
The restructuring of a loan consists of: (a) amendments to the conditions of the loan agreement or (b) 
partial or full refinancing of the loan. In this respect, an NPL may be reclassified as a restructured loan under 
Group II subject to the following conditions: (i) upon evaluation of the financial standing of the debtor, it has been 
determined that the conditions for the applicable loan to be classified as an NPL have disappeared, (ii) the loan has 
been monitored as an NPL at least for one year following restructuring, (iii) as of the date of reclassification as a 
Group II loan, there has not been any delay in principal and/or interest payments nor are there any expectation of 
any such delay in the future, and (iv) overdue payments and/or written-down principal payments in relation to the 
restructured loan have been collected. According to a non-public BRSA decision on 8 November 2019, the one year 
period described in clause (ii) was reduced to six months; however, per the decision of the BRSA dated 17 June 
2021, such rule was terminated as of 30 June 2021. Furthermore, such restructured NPL being reclassified as a 
performing Group II loan may be excluded from the scope of the restructuring if all the following conditions are 
met: (A) such loan has been monitored as a restructured loan under Group II at least for one year, (B) at least 10% of 
the outstanding debt amount has been repaid during such one year monitoring period, (C) there has not been any 
delay of more than 30 days in principal and/or interest payments of any loan extended to the applicable debtor 
during such monitoring period and (D) the financial difficulty that led to the restructuring of the loan no longer 
exists. Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, banks applying TFRS 9 may reclassify 
their performing loans, which had been previously classified as restructured loans under Group II, under Group I 
again following a minimum three month monitoring period, subject to the satisfaction of the requirements listed 
under clauses (C) and (D) above (regardless of the conditions under clauses (A) and (B) stated above). In addition, 
the modification of a contract and/or partially or totally refinancing a Group I loan of a debtor who is not in financial 
difficulty is not considered to be a restructuring and such loans can continue to be classified under Group I. 
Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, the general rule is that banks shall apply 
provisions for their loans pursuant to TFRS 9; however, the BRSA may, on an exceptional basis, authorise a bank to 
apply the applicable provisions set forth in the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation instead of those 
required by TFRS 9, subject to the presence of detailed and acceptable grounds. With respect to the requirements 
under TFRS 9, “twelve-months expected credit loss reserve” and “lifetime expected credit loss reserve set aside due 
to significant increase in credit risk profile of the debtor” are considered as general provisions while “lifetime 
expected credit loss reserve set aside due to debtor’s default” is considered as special provisions. 
Under Articles 10 and 11 of the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, banks that have been 
authorised not to apply provisions under TFRS 9 are required to set aside general provisions for at least 1.5% and

--- Page 186 ---
165 
3.0% of their total cash loans portfolio under Groups I and II, respectively. For non-cash loans, undertakings and 
derivatives, general provisions to be set aside are calculated by applying the foregoing percentages to the risk-
weighted amounts determined pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation. Subject to the presence of a written 
pledge or assignment agreement, loans secured with cash, deposit, participation funds and gold deposit accounts, 
bonds that are issued by the Turkish government (including the Central Bank) and guarantees and sureties provided 
by such are not subject to the general set aside calculation. Loans extended to the Turkish government (including the 
Central Bank) are not required to be considered in such calculation. As to special provisions, banks are required to 
set aside provisions for NPLs under Groups III, IV and V of at least 20%, 50%, and 100%, respectively, of the 
incurred credit loss. 
For general provisions, banks are required to set aside provisions (separately) as per country risks and 
transfer risks, and, for special provisions, banks are required to consider country risks and transfer risks. In addition, 
the BRSA may increase such provision requirements for certain banks or loans taking into account the 
concentration, from time to time, of matters such as the size, type, due date, currency, interest structure, sector to 
which loans are extended, geographic circumstances, collateral and the credit risk level and management. 
Regarding the monitoring of security by the banks that have been authorised not to apply provisions under TFRS 9, 
the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation increased the number of categories on collaterals (from four to five), 
amended the content of such categories, and amended the proportions to be deducted, in order to determine the net realisable 
values of the collaterals, from the borrower’s NPLs as follows: 
Category 
Discount Rate 
Category I collateral......................
100%
Category II collateral.....................
80%
Category III collateral ...................
60%
Category IV collateral...................
40%
Category V collateral ...................
20%
According to amendments to the Equity Regulation and the Capital Adequacy Regulation that became effective as 
of 1 January 2022, general provisions would, from that date, no longer be allowed to be included in a bank’s supplementary 
capital (i.e., tier 2 capital); however, on 24 December 2021, the BRSA revoked these amendments. As such, these general 
provisions are included in supplementary capital and not deducted from a bank’s risk-weighted assets. 
Capital Adequacy 
Article 45 of the Banking Law defines “capital adequacy” as having adequate capital against losses that could arise 
from the risks encountered. Pursuant to the same article, banks must calculate, achieve, maintain and report their capital 
adequacy ratio, which, within the framework of the BRSA’s regulations, cannot be less than 8% (excluding capital buffers). 
In addition, as a prudential requirement, the BRSA requires a target capital adequacy ratio that is 4% higher than the 
regulatory capital ratio of 8% (in each case, excluding capital buffers). 
The BRSA is authorised to increase the minimum capital adequacy ratio and the minimum consolidated capital 
adequacy ratio, to set different ratios for each bank and to revise risk weights of assets that are based upon participation 
accounts, but must consider each bank’s internal systems as well as its asset and financial structures. 
The Equity Regulation defines capital of a bank as the sum of: (a) principal capital (i.e., tier 1 capital), which is 
composed of core capital (i.e., CET1 capital) and additional principal capital (i.e., additional tier 1 capital) and (b) 
supplementary capital (i.e., tier 2 capital) minus capital deductions. Pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which 
entered into force on 31 March 2016: (i) both the unconsolidated and consolidated minimum CET1 capital adequacy ratios 
are 4.5% and (ii) both unconsolidated and consolidated minimum tier 1 capital adequacy ratios are 6.0%. 
The BRSA published several new regulations and communiqués or amendments to its existing regulations and 
communiqués (as published in the Official Gazette No. 29511 dated 23 October 2015 and No. 29599 dated 20 January 2016) 
in accordance with the Regulatory Consistency Assessment Programme (“RCAP”) of the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (the “Basel Committee”), which is conducted by the Bank for International Settlements (the “BIS”) with a view

--- Page 187 ---
166 
to ensure Türkiye’s compliance with Basel regulations. These included amendments to the Equity Regulation and the entry 
into force of the Capital Adequacy Regulation, both on 31 March 2016. The Capital Adequacy Regulation sustained the 
capital adequacy ratios introduced by the former regulation but changed the risk weights of certain items, including: (a) the 
risk weights of foreign currency-denominated required reserves held with the Central Bank from 0% to 50%; however, on 
24 February 2017, the BRSA amended its guidance to allow foreign exchange-denominated required reserves held with the 
Central Bank to be subject to a 0% risk weight, and (b) the exclusion of the general reserve for possible losses from capital 
calculations. If, during a fiscal period, free provisions recorded during previous fiscal periods are reversed, then the net profit 
for such later period is increased by the amount of such reversals, which thus increases shareholders’ equity. 
The Capital Adequacy Regulation also lowered the risk weights of certain assets and credit conversion factors, 
including reducing: (a) the risk weights of residential mortgage loans from 50% to 35%, (b) the risk weights of consumer 
loans (excluding residential mortgage loans) qualifying as retail loans (perakende alacaklar) in accordance with the Capital 
Adequacy Regulation and instalment payments of credit cards from a range of 100% to 250% (depending upon their 
outstanding tenor) to 75% (irrespective of their tenor) (on 1 July 2021, the BRSA increased the risk weighting for consumer 
credit card instalment payments and consumer cash loans (excluding mortgage loans and auto loans) issued after 1 July 2021 
to a range of 100% to 150% depending upon their tenor); provided that such receivables are not reclassified as NPLs, and (c) 
the credit conversion factors of commitments for credit cards and overdrafts from 20% to 0%. As of 7 February 2017, the 
BRSA published a decision that enables banks to use 0% risk weightings for Turkish Lira-denominated exposures guaranteed 
by the KGF and supported by the Turkish Treasury. On 12 June 2018, the BRSA announced its decision (dated 7 June 2018 
and numbered 7841) to amend the per customer total risk limit for loans described in clause (b), which is the upper limit for 
such loans subjected to the 75% risk weight, from TL 4,200,000 to TL 5,500,000, which was then increased to TL 7,000,000 
on 18 January 2019, TL 10,000,000 on 21 December 2021 and TL 20,000,000 on 31 January 2023. In response to the 
COVID-19 pandemic, on 23 March 2020 and 16 April 2020, the BRSA announced regulatory forbearance measures that 
allow banks to: (i) use in their calculations of risk-weighted assets for credit risk exposures from March 2020 through 
31 December 2020 (as per the decision dated 8 December 2020, extended through 30 June 2021) the foreign exchange rates 
that are used in their 2019 year-end financial statements, (ii) use 0% risk weightings for foreign currency-denominated 
receivables owed by the centralised administration (i.e., Turkish state institutions and other public institutions that do not 
have a separate legal entity and act under the legal entity of the Turkish sovereign) while calculating the amount of exposure 
subject to credit risk in accordance with the standardised approach as determined under the Capital Adequacy Regulation and 
(iii) calculate the level of capital used in capital adequacy ratio calculations by disregarding through 31 December 2020 (as 
per the BRSA’s decision dated 8 December 2020, extended through 30 June 2021) the negative net valuation differences 
related to securities held as of 23 March 2020 in the portfolio of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income; however, on 17 June 2021, the BRSA indefinitely suspended the application of clause (iii) from 30 June 2021, and, 
as per its decision dated 21 December 2021, ended the suspension other than for the “securities whose fair value difference is 
reflected in other comprehensive income” were negative as of 21 December 2021 (for “securities after 21 December 2021 
whose fair value difference is reflected in other comprehensive income,” the relevant provisions of the Regulation on Banks’ 
Equity will continue to be implemented) and, as for the application of clause (i), determined that until such date as 
determined by the BRSA, banks may use the average of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates during the 252 
business days before the calculation date when calculating the risk-weighted amounts of credit risk exposures and the 
relevant special provision amounts as per TFRS for both cash and non-cash assets other than assets in foreign currency 
measured on a historical cost basis instead of using the relevant foreign exchange buying rate as of the calculation date (on 
21 December 2021, the BRSA announced that, as of 1 January 2022 until otherwise determined by the BRSA, banks shall (if 
using this approach) use the average of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates during the 252 business days 
ending on 31 December 2021; on 28 April 2022, the BRSA amended this rule so that, until such date as determined by the 
BRSA, banks may use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 31 December 2021 in certain capital and other 
calculations, and on 31 January 2023 the BRSA further amended this rule so that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, 
banks may use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 30 December 2022 in such calculations). 
On 1 July 2021, the BRSA increased the risk-weights applicable for personal credit cards and consumer loans 
provided after such date from 75% to 100% or 150% depending upon the remaining maturity of the relevant receivables. 
On 28 April 2022, the BRSA increased the risk-weights applicable to commercial cash loans provided after 1 May 
2022 from a range of 20-150% to 200%; provided that the following are excluded: (a) loans provided to SMEs, financial 
institutions, individuals and/or certain governmental authorities and their subsidiaries and (b) export and investment loans, 
agricultural loans and corporate credit cards. On 14 February 2023, as a result of two large earthquakes in Kahramanmaraş on 
6 February 2023 that affected 10 different cities, the BRSA announced that such risk-weights shall (until 1 January 2024) not

--- Page 188 ---
167 
be applied to the personal credit cards and consumer loans and commercial cash loans provided after 6 February 2023 to 
customers located in the cities affected by such earthquakes. On 23 February 2023, the BRSA extended such provisional 
measures to other regions that satisfy certain criteria to be considered disaster areas. 
On 23 June and 7 July 2022, the BRSA also increased the risk weights applicable to: (i) Turkish Lira- and foreign 
currency-denominated commercial cash loans to be utilised by Turkish legal or natural residents who have performed 
derivative transactions with non-residents after 23 June 2022 and (ii) Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans 
utilised after 30 June 2022 if the lending bank determines that the documents provided by the borrower are inadequate 
according to the BRSA’s limitations on borrowings by companies with foreign currency-denominated assets above a certain 
threshold, in each case to 500% regardless of their credit risk mitigation technique, mortgage or credit rating notes. 
Amendments to the Equity Regulation introduced certain limitations to the items that are included in the capital 
calculations of banks that have issued additional tier 1 and tier 2 instruments prior to 1 January 2014. According to these 
amendments, tier 2 instruments that were issued (among others) after 1 January 2013 are included in tier 2 calculations only 
if they satisfy all of the Tier 2 Conditions. 
On 11 July 2017, clause 9(8)(b) of the Equity Regulation was repealed. In this context, the excess amount mentioned 
in Article 57 of the Banking Law (i.e., “the total book value of the real property owned by a bank cannot exceed 50% of its 
capital base”), and the commodity goods and properties that banks acquire due to their receivables (e.g., foreclosed-upon 
collateral) but have not disposed within three years, are no longer deducted from a bank’s capital base. 
In 2013, the BRSA published the Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital Buffers, which 
entered into force on 1 January 2014 and provides additional core capital requirements both on a consolidated and 
unconsolidated basis. Pursuant to this regulation, the additional core capital requirements are to be calculated by the 
multiplication of the amount of risk-weighted assets by the sum of a capital conservation buffer ratio and bank-specific 
countercyclical buffer ratio. According to this regulation, the capital conservation buffer for banks was set at 1.875% for 
2018 and 2.500% for 2019 and thereafter. Pursuant to decisions of the BRSA, the countercyclical capital buffer required for 
Turkish banks’ exposures in Türkiye was initially set at 0% of a bank’s risk-weighted assets in Türkiye; however, such ratio 
might fluctuate between 0% and 2.5% as announced from time to time by the BRSA. Any increase to the countercyclical 
capital buffer ratio is to be effective one year after the relevant public announcement, whereas any reduction is to be effective 
as of the date of the relevant public announcement. 
In 2013, the BRSA also published the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Leverage Levels of Banks 
(which entered into force on 1 January 2014 with the exception of certain provisions that entered into effect on 1 January 
2015), seeking to constrain leverage in the banking system and ensure maintenance of adequate equity on a consolidated and 
unconsolidated basis against leverage risks (including measurement error in the risk-based capital measurement approach).  
In February 2016, the BRSA issued the D-SIBs Regulation in line with the Basel Committee standards, introducing 
a methodology for assessing the degree to which banks are considered to be systemically important to the Turkish domestic 
market and setting out the additional capital requirements for those banks classified as D-SIBs. The contemplated 
methodology uses an indicator-based approach to identify and classify D-SIBs in Türkiye under four different categories: 
size, interconnectedness, lack of substitutability and complexity. Initially, a score for each bank is to be calculated based 
upon their 2014 year-end consolidated financial statements by assessing each bank’s position against a threshold score to be 
determined by the BRSA. The D-SIBs Regulation requires banks identified as D-SIBs to maintain a capital buffer depending 
upon their respective classification. These buffers are applied as 3% for Group 4 banks, 2% for Group 3 banks, 1.5% for 
Group 2 banks and 1% for Group 1 banks. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is classified as a Group 3 D-SIB 
under the D-SIBs Regulation. 
Furthermore, the Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios seeks to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level 
of unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets that can be converted into cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day 
period. The Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios provides that the ratio of the high quality asset stock to the net cash 
outflows, both of which are calculated in line with the regulation, cannot be lower than 100% in respect of total consolidated 
and unconsolidated liquidity and 80% in respect of consolidated and unconsolidated foreign exchange liquidity. The BRSA 
decision dated 26 December 2014 (No. 6143) on liquidity ratios provides that a 0% liquidity adequacy ratio limit applies to 
deposit banks. On 15 August 2017, the BRSA revised from 50% to 100% the ratio of required reserves held with the Central 
Bank that can be included in liquidity calculations. Unconsolidated total and foreign currency liquidity coverage ratios cannot

--- Page 189 ---
168 
be non-compliant more than six times within a calendar year, which includes non-compliances that have already been 
remedied. 
Pursuant to the Equity Regulation, if a Turkish bank invests in debt instruments of other banks or financial 
institutions that are already invested in that Turkish bank’s additional tier 1 or tier 2 capital, then the amount of such debt 
instrument (and their issuance premia) are required to be deducted when calculating that Turkish bank’s additional tier 1 or 
tier 2 capital (as applicable). 
On 7 June 2018, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Debt Instruments to be included in the Calculation of 
Banks’ Equity, which sets forth procedures and principles for the write-up and write-down of the debt instruments or loans 
that are included in the calculation of banks’ equity (i.e., additional tier 1 and tier 2 capital) as well as procedures and 
principles related to conversion of such debt instruments into shares. 
See also a discussion of the implementation of Basel III in “-Basel Committee - Basel III” below. 
Tier 2 Rules 
According to the Equity Regulation, which came into force on 1 January 2014, tier 2 capital shall be calculated by 
subtracting capital deductions from general provisions that are set aside for receivables and/or the surplus of provisions and 
capital deductions with respect to expected loss amounts for receivables (as the case may be, depending upon the method 
used by the bank to calculate the credit risk amounts of the applicable receivables) and the debt instruments that have been 
approved by the BRSA upon the application of the board of directors of the applicable bank along with a written statement 
confirming compliance of the debt instruments with the conditions set forth below and their issuance premia (the “Tier 2 
Conditions”): 
(a) the debt instrument shall have been issued by the bank and approved by the CMB and shall have been 
fully collected in cash, 
(b) in the event of dissolution of the bank, the debt instrument shall have priority over debt instruments that 
are included in additional tier 1 capital and shall be subordinated with respect to rights of deposit holders and all 
other creditors, 
(c) the debt instrument shall not be related to any derivative operation or contract, nor shall it be tied to any 
guarantee or security, in one way or another, directly or indirectly, in a manner that violates the condition stated in 
clause (b), 
(d) the debt instrument must have an initial maturity of at least five years and shall not include any 
provision that may incentivise prepayment, such as dividends and increase of interest rate, 
(e) if the debt instrument includes a prepayment option, such option shall be exercisable no earlier than five 
years after issuance and only with the approval of the BRSA; approval of the BRSA is subject to the following 
conditions: 
(i) the bank should not create any market expectation that the option will be exercised by the bank, 
and 
(ii)(A) the debt instrument shall be replaced by another debt instrument either of the same quality 
or higher quality, and such replacement shall not have a restrictive effect on the bank’s ability to sustain its 
operations or (B) following the exercise of the option, the equity of the bank shall exceed the higher of: (1) 
the capital adequacy requirement that is to be calculated pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation along 
with the BRSA’s Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital Buffers published on 
5 November 2013, (2) the capital requirement derived as a result of an ICAAP of the bank and (3) the 
higher capital requirement set by the BRSA (if any);

--- Page 190 ---
169 
however, if tax legislation or other regulations are materially amended, a prepayment option may be exercised; 
provided that the above conditions in this clause (e) are met and the BRSA approves, 
(f) the debt instrument shall not provide investors with the right to demand early amortisation except for 
during a bankruptcy or dissolution process relating to the issuer, 
(g) the debt instrument’s dividend or interest payments shall not be linked to the creditworthiness of the 
issuer, 
(h) the debt instrument shall not be: (i) purchased by the issuer or by corporations controlled by the issuer 
or significantly under the influence of the issuer or (ii) assigned to such entities, and its purchase shall not be directly 
or indirectly financed by the issuer itself, 
(i) if there is a possibility that the bank’s operating licence would be cancelled or the probability of the 
transfer of the management of the bank to the SDIF arises pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law due to the 
losses incurred by the bank, then removal of the debt instrument from the bank’s records or the debt instrument’s 
conversion to share certificates for the absorption of the loss would be possible if the BRSA so decides, 
(j) in the event that the debt instrument has not been issued by the bank itself or one of its consolidated 
entities, the amounts obtained from the issuance shall be immediately transferred without any restriction to the bank 
or its consolidated entity (as the case may be) in accordance with the rules listed above, and  
(k) the repayment of the principal of the debt instrument before its maturity is subject to the approval of the 
BRSA and the approval of the BRSA is subject to the same conditions as the exercise of the prepayment option as 
described in clause (e). 
Loans (as opposed to securities) that have been approved by the BRSA upon the application of the board of directors 
of the applicable bank accompanied by a written statement confirming that all of the Tier 2 Conditions (except for the CMB 
approval condition stated in clause (a) of the Tier 2 Conditions) are met also can be included in tier 2 capital calculations. 
In addition to the conditions that need to be met before including debt instruments and loans in the calculation of 
tier 2 capital, the Equity Regulation also provides a limit for inclusion of general provisions to be set aside for receivables 
and/or the surplus of provisions and capital deductions with respect to expected loss amounts of receivables; however, the 
portion of surplus of this amount that exceeds general provisions is not taken into consideration in calculating the tier 2 
capital. 
Furthermore, in addition to the Tier 2 Conditions stated above, the BRSA may require new conditions for each debt 
instrument and the procedure and principles regarding the removal of the debt instrument from the bank’s records or the debt 
instrument’s conversion to share certificates are determined by the BRSA. 
Under Article 8(2)(ğ) of the Equity Regulation, to be eligible for inclusion as tier 2 capital, it must be possible 
pursuant to the terms of such capital that such capital be written down and/or converted into equity of the relevant bank upon 
the decision of the BRSA in the event that it is probable that: (a) the operating licence of such bank may be revoked or (b) 
shareholders’ rights (except to dividends) and the management and supervision of such bank may be transferred to the SDIF, 
in each case pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law. 
Debt instruments and loans that are approved by the BRSA are included in accounts of tier 2 capital as of the date of 
transfer to the relevant accounts in the applicable bank’s records. Loans and debt instruments that have been included in tier 2 
capital calculations and that have less than five years to maturity shall be included in tier 2 capital calculations after being 
reduced by 20% each year. 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Rules 
Under Article 7(2)(i) of the Equity Regulation, in order for a debt to qualify as additional tier 1 capital of a bank, the 
bank must be entitled pursuant to the terms of that debt to write-down or convert into equity (but not necessarily both) such

--- Page 191 ---
170 
debt upon the CET1 capital adequacy ratio(s) of such bank, on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis, falling below 
5.125%. In such a case, such bank is required to promptly notify the BRSA and an amount of such debt must be written-
down and/or converted into equity, in each case to the extent necessary so as to restore the applicable such CET1 capital 
adequacy ratio(s) to at least 5.125%. As a result of such a write-down: (a) in the event of the liquidation of the bank, the 
claims of the holders of such debt must be reducible via write-down, (b) in the event of the exercise of the redemption option, 
the amount redeemed will be the then-outstanding principal amount (i.e., after any write-downs and write-ups) as opposed to 
their original principal amount, and (c) dividend and interest payments on such debt must be partially or completely 
cancellable. 
In addition, Article 7(2)(j) of the Equity Regulation provides that, in order for a debt to qualify as additional tier 1 
capital, it must be possible, pursuant to the terms of that debt, for such debt to be written down or converted into equity (but 
not necessarily both) upon the decision of the BRSA if it is probable that: (a) the bank’s operating licence might be revoked 
or (b) such bank may be transferred to the SDIF, in each case pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law. 
Prior to any determination of non-viability of a bank under Article 71 of the Banking Law, the BRSA may require a 
number of corrective, rehabilitative and/or restrictive actions to be taken by the bank in accordance with Articles 68, 69 and 
70 of the Banking Law, including as described in “-Cancellation of Banking License.” In the event that: (a) such actions are 
not (in whole or in part) taken by such bank within a period of time set forth by the BRSA or in any case within 12 months, 
(b) the financial structure of such bank cannot be strengthened despite its having taken such actions, (c) it is determined that 
taking these actions will not lead to the strengthening of the bank’s financial structure, (d) the continuation of the activities of 
such bank would jeopardise the rights of the depositors and the participation account owners and the security and stability of 
the financial system, (e) such bank cannot cover its liabilities as they become due, (f) the total amount of the liabilities of 
such bank exceeds the total amount of its assets or (g) the controlling shareholders or directors of such bank are found to have 
utilised such bank’s resources for their own interests, directly or indirectly or fraudulently, in a manner that jeopardised the 
secure functioning of the bank or caused such bank to sustain a loss as a result of such misuse, then the BRSA may determine 
that such bank is non-viable under Article 71 of the Banking Law. 
Calculation of Additional Tier 1 Capital. According to the Equity Regulation, the amount of additional tier 1 capital 
shall be calculated by subtracting capital deductions from the sum of: (a) shares with preferential rights that are not included 
in CET1 capital (except for such shares that require the distribution of dividends in the future), (b) share premia resulting 
from the issuance of such shares with preferential rights and (c) debt that has been approved by the BRSA (and related 
issuance premia) as eligible for inclusion in the calculation of additional tier 1 capital. The Equity Regulation sets out that, in 
order for a debt instrument to be included in the calculation of additional tier 1 capital, the following conditions need to be 
met: 
(a) such debt instrument shall have been issued by the bank and approved by the CMB and shall have 
been fully collected in cash, 
(b) in the event of dissolution of such bank, such debt instrument shall be subordinated with respect to 
debt that is included in tier 2 capital and rights of deposit holders and all other creditors (other than other 
additional tier 1 capital), 
(c) such debt instrument shall not be linked to any derivative operation or contract, nor shall it be linked 
to any guarantee or security (in Turkish: teminat), in one way or another, directly or indirectly, in a manner that 
violates the condition stated in clause (b), 
(d) such debt instrument shall not have a maturity and shall not include any provision that may incentivise 
redemption, such as dividends and increase of interest rate, 
(e) if such debt instrument includes a redemption option, then such option shall be exercisable no earlier 
than five years after issuance and only with the approval of the BRSA; approval of the BRSA is subject to the 
following conditions: 
(i) such bank should not create any market expectation that the option will be exercised by the 
bank, and either

--- Page 192 ---
171 
(ii) such debt instrument shall be replaced by another debt instrument either of the same quality 
or higher quality, and such replacement shall not have a restrictive effect on such bank’s ability to 
sustain its operations, or 
(iii) following the exercise of the option, the equity of such bank shall exceed the higher of: (A) 
the capital adequacy requirement that is to be calculated pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation 
along with the BRSA’s Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital Buffers 
published on 5 November 2013, (B) the capital requirement derived as a result of an ICAAP of such 
bank and (C) the higher capital requirement set by the BRSA (if any); 
however, if tax legislation or other regulations are materially amended, a redemption option may be 
exercised; provided that the above conditions in this clause (e) are met and the BRSA approves, 
(f) the redemption of the principal of such debt instrument shall be subject to approval of the BRSA, in 
which case the BRSA would seek the conditions stated in clause (e) to be met, 
(g) the bank shall be entitled to cancel the interest and dividend payments on such debt instrument and, if it 
exercises such right, then it shall not have an obligation to pay the difference between the amount set out in the 
terms of such debt instrument and the amount actually paid in subsequent periods (even in case of non-payment), 
cancellation of payments shall not be considered as default, such bank shall be entitled to use at its own discretion 
the amounts corresponding to the cancelled payments and the cancellation shall not have any restricting effect on 
such bank except with respect to payments to be made to its shareholders, 
(h) dividend or interest payments on such debt instrument may be made only out of the items that may be 
used for dividend distribution, 
(i) such debt instrument’s dividend and interest payments shall not be linked to the creditworthiness of such 
bank, 
(j) such debt instrument shall not be: (i) purchased by such bank or by corporations controlled by such bank 
or significantly under the influence of such bank or (ii) assigned to such entities, and its purchase shall not be 
directly or indirectly financed by such bank itself, 
(k) such debt instrument shall not possess any features hindering any new equity issuance, 
(l) such bank must be entitled, pursuant to the terms of the debt instrument, to write-down or convert into 
equity (but not necessarily both) such debt instrument if the CET1 capital adequacy ratio of the bank (on a 
consolidated or non-consolidated basis) falls below 5.125%, in each case to the extent necessary so as to restore the 
applicable such CET1 capital adequacy ratio(s) to at least 5.125%; as a result of such a write-down: (i) in the event 
of the liquidation of the bank, the claims of the holders of such debt instrument must be reducible via write-down, 
(ii) in the event of any redemption of such debt instrument, the amount redeemed will be the then-outstanding 
principal amount (i.e., after any write-downs and write-ups) as opposed to their original principal amount, and (iii) 
dividend and interest payments on such debt instrument must be partially or completely cancellable, 
(m) if there is a possibility that such bank’s operating licence would be cancelled or the probability of the 
transfer of such bank to the SDIF arises pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law due to the losses incurred by the 
bank, then such debt instrument shall be subject to being written down or converted into equity (but not necessarily 
both) for the absorption of the loss if the BRSA so decides, and 
(n) in the event that such debt instrument has not been issued by such bank itself or one of its consolidated 
entities, the amounts obtained from the issuance shall be immediately transferred without any restriction to such 
bank or the applicable consolidated entity (as the case may be) in accordance with the rules listed above. 
In addition to debt instruments issued by the bank and approved by the CMB (as stated in clause (a)), loans that have been 
approved by the BRSA upon the application of the board of directors of the applicable bank accompanied by a written

--- Page 193 ---
172 
statement confirming that all of these conditions (except for the condition stated in clause (a) regarding debt instruments 
issued by the bank and approved by the CMB) are met also can be included in the calculation of the amount of additional 
tier 1 capital. 
In addition to these conditions, the BRSA may also require other conditions to be met in respect of a debt, including 
in connection with the procedures relating to the write-down or conversion into equity of such debt. 
Debt instruments and loans that are approved by the BRSA are included in the calculation of the amount of 
additional tier 1 capital as of the date of transfer of the proceeds thereof to the relevant accounts in the applicable bank’s 
records. When applying with respect to a bank the measures set out under Article 71 of the Banking Law, the BRSA is not to 
take into account as liabilities of such bank the debt instruments and loans included in the calculation of additional tier 1 
capital of such bank. 
The Equity Regulation provides that the BRSA is to determine the rules and procedures with respect to the write-
down or conversion into equity of debt included in additional tier 1 capital. Accordingly, on 7 June 2018, the BRSA 
published the Communiqué on Debt Instruments to be included in the Calculation of Banks’ Equity (the “Regulatory Capital 
Communiqué”). The Regulatory Capital Communiqué is intended to align the Turkish additional tier 1 framework with 
European practices and imposed certain new requirements on banks. 
Regulatory Capital Communiqué. The Regulatory Capital Communiqué stipulates that the debt included in 
additional tier 1 capital must be subject to write-off, write-down and conversion into equity before the debt included in tier 2 
capital of the banks. Pursuant to the Regulatory Capital Communiqué, if there are multiple additional tier 1 instruments 
included in the additional tier 1 capital of a bank, then the write-off, write-down or conversion into equity of such additional 
tier 1 instruments is to be carried out on a pro rata basis based upon each such additional tier 1 instrument’s portion in the 
total value of the additional tier 1 instruments of such bank that are included in the additional tier 1 capital of such bank. 
Interest and dividend distributions on, and redemptions of, additional tier 1 instruments that have been partially converted 
into equity or written-down are to take into account the outstanding amount after such conversion into equity or write-down. 
The Regulatory Capital Communiqué also provides for a potentially non-permanent write-down of additional tier 1 
instruments upon the CET1 capital adequacy ratio of a bank, on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis, falling below 
5.125%. In terms of this write-down procedure, a bank is required to immediately notify the BRSA and the holders of such 
additional tier 1 instruments of the occurrence of such event. An issuer will determine the amount to be written down and/or 
converted into equity, without prejudice to any authority that the Banking Law grants to the BRSA. 
In the case of additional tier 1 instruments that provide for such a write-down of debt on a non-permanent basis, the 
terms of such additional tier 1 instrument will include provisions for the potential write-up of such written-down amount; 
however, according to the Regulatory Capital Communiqué, a write-up is not possible for additional tier 1 instruments that 
have been written down for other reasons. In addition, the Regulatory Capital Communiqué requires that the following 
conditions (among others) be satisfied for any such write-up: 
(a) a write-up can be effected only to the extent that a positive distributable net profit was calculated based 
upon the most recent fiscal year of the applicable bank, 
(b) the sum of the write-up amount and the dividend or coupon payments made with respect to the written-
down principal amount must not be more than the distributable net profit of the applicable bank multiplied by the 
result of: (i) the sum of the aggregate initial principal amount of the additional tier 1 instruments and the aggregate 
initial principal amount of all written-down additional tier 1 instruments of such bank divided by (ii) the total tier 1 
capital of such bank, each as of the date of the relevant write-up, 
(c) the write-up must be effected on a pro rata basis with the other written-down additional tier 1 instruments 
of such bank, and 
(d) the sum of any write-up amount, coupon and dividend payments over the written-down debt will be 
treated as dividend payments, which will be subject to the restrictions relating to dividend distributions and the 
maximum distributable amount restrictions.

--- Page 194 ---
173 
The Regulatory Capital Communiqué also introduced various requirements that must be satisfied in order for a bank 
to exercise any option to convert additional tier 1 instruments into equity. While the Bank’s existing additional tier 1 capital 
(i.e., the €700,000,000 of additional tier 1 notes purchased by the Türkiye Wealth Fund on 24 April 2019 as described 
previously) does not provide for such conversion, any additional tier 1 capital that the Bank issues in the future might provide 
for such a conversion. 
Basel Committee 
Basel II. The most significant difference between the capital adequacy regulations in place before 1 July 2012 and 
the Basel II regulations is the calculation of risk-weighted assets related to credit risk. The current regulations seek to align 
more closely the minimum capital requirement of a bank with its borrowers’ credit risk profile. The impact of the new 
regulations on capital adequacy levels of Turkish banks largely stems from exposures to the Turkish government, principally 
through the holding of Turkish government bonds. While the previous rules provided a 0% risk weight for exposures to the 
Turkish sovereign and the Central Bank, the rules of Basel II require that claims on sovereign entities and their central banks 
be risk-weighted according to their credit assessment, which (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) results in a 50% risk 
weighting for Türkiye; however, the Turkish rules implementing the Basel principles in Türkiye revised this general rule by 
providing that Turkish Lira-denominated claims on sovereign entities in Türkiye and the Central Bank shall have a 0% risk 
weight. See “Basel III” below for the risk weights of foreign currency-denominated claims on the Central Bank in the form of 
required reserves. 
The BRSA published the Communiqué on the Calculation of Principal Subject to Credit Risk by Internal-Ratings 
Based Approaches and the Communiqué on the Calculation of Principal Subject to Operational Risk by Advanced 
Measurement Approaches for the banks to apply internal ratings for the calculation of principal subject to credit risk and 
advanced measurement approaches for the calculation of principal subject to operational risk, which entered into effect on 
1 January 2015. The BRSA also issued various guidelines noting that the use of such internal rating and advanced 
measurement approaches in the calculation of capital adequacy is subject to the BRSA’s permission. 
Basel III. Turkish banks’ capital adequacy requirements have been and will continue to be affected by Basel III, as 
implemented by the Equity Regulation, which includes requirements regarding regulatory capital, liquidity, leverage ratio 
and counterparty credit risk measurements. In 2013, the BRSA announced its intention to adopt the Basel III requirements 
and published initially the Equity Regulation and a capital adequacy regulation, each entering into effect on 1 January 2014. 
The Equity Regulation introduced core tier 1 capital and additional tier 1 capital as components of tier 1 capital. 
Subsequently, the BRSA replaced this first capital adequacy regulation with the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which entered 
into force on 31 March 2016. These changes: (a) introduced a minimum core capital adequacy ratio (4.5%) and a minimum 
tier 1 capital adequacy ratio (6.0%) to be calculated on a consolidated and unconsolidated basis (which are in addition to the 
previously existing requirement for a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of 8.0%) and (b) changed the risk weights of 
certain items that are categorised under “other assets.” The Equity Regulation also introduced new tier 2 rules and determined 
new criteria for debt instruments to be included in the tier 2 capital. According to the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which 
entered into force on 31 March 2016, the risk weights of foreign currency-denominated required reserves on the Central Bank 
in the form of required reserves were increased from 0% to 50%; however, on 24 February 2017, the BRSA amended its 
guidance to allow foreign exchange-required reserves held with the Central Bank to be subject to a 0% risk weight. 
In order to further align Turkish banking legislation with Basel principles, the BRSA has published from time to 
time new regulations and communiqués amending or replacing the existing regulations and communiqués, some of which 
amendments entered into force on 31 March 2016. For information related to the leverage ratios, capital adequacy ratios and 
liquidity coverage ratios of banks, see “Capital Adequacy” above. 
The BIS reviewed Türkiye’s compliance with Basel regulations within the scope of the Basel Committee’s RCAP 
and published its RCAP assessment report in March 2016, in which Türkiye was assessed as compliant with Basel standards. 
If the Bank and/or the Group is unable to maintain its capital adequacy or leverage ratios above the minimum levels 
required by the BRSA or other regulators (whether due to the inability to obtain additional capital on acceptable economic 
terms, if at all, sell assets (including subsidiaries) at commercially reasonable prices, or at all, or for any other reason), then 
this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.

--- Page 195 ---
174 
Liquidity and Reserve Requirements 
Article 46 of the Banking Law requires banks to calculate, attain, maintain and report the minimum liquidity level in 
accordance with principles and procedures set out by the BRSA. Within this framework, a comprehensive liquidity 
arrangement has been put into force by the BRSA, following the consent of the Central Bank. 
Pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements (the “Communiqué Regarding Reserve 
Requirements”), the Central Bank imposes different reserve requirements for different currencies and different tenors and 
adjusts these rates from time to time in order to encourage or discourage certain types of lending and/or deposit-taking. 
The Central Bank has permitted Turkish banks to maintain: (a) a portion of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in 
U.S. dollars (however, such option has been terminated by the Central Bank effective as of 1 October 2021) and another 
portion of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in standard and scrap gold (however, on 31 December 2022, the Central 
Bank announced that the facility for holding standard and scrap gold for Turkish Lira reserve requirements will be terminated 
by 23 June 2023) and (b) a portion or all of the reserve requirements applicable to precious metal deposit accounts in 
standard gold, which portions are revised from time to time by the Central Bank. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the 
Group and its Business – Market Risks – Foreign Exchange and Currency Risk.” In addition, banks are required to maintain 
their required reserves against their U.S. dollar-denominated liabilities in U.S. dollars only. 
Furthermore, pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, a bank must establish additional 
mandatory reserves if its financial leverage ratio falls within certain intervals. The financial leverage ratio is calculated 
according to the division of a bank’s capital into the sum of the following items: 
(a) its total liabilities, 
(b) its total non-cash loans and obligations, 
(c) its revocable commitments multiplied by 0.1, 
(d) the total sum of each of its derivatives commitments multiplied by its respective loan conversion rate, 
and 
(e) its irrevocable commitments. 
This additional mandatory reserve amount is calculated quarterly according to the arithmetic mean of the monthly leverage 
ratio. In addition, a bank must maintain additional mandatory reserves for six mandatory reserve periods beginning with the 
fourth calendar month following an accounting period for liabilities in Turkish Lira and foreign currency, as set forth below: 
Leverage Ratio 
Additional Reserve 
Requirement 
Below 3.0%
2.0%
From 3.0% (inclusive) to 4.0%
1.5%
From 4.0% (inclusive) to 5.0% 
1.0% 
In December 2018 and April 2019, the Central Bank amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements to 
exclude in the calculation of reserve requirements the following liabilities on the balance sheet: (a) funds acquired on the 
Borsa İstanbul with repo transactions and (b) deposits and participation funds of certain official institutions. These 
amendments also removed a temporary article that distinguished the reserve requirement regime applicable to foreign 
currency liabilities other than deposits and participation funds that existed up to and prior to 28 August 2015 from those 
created after such date. The Central Bank further amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements on 
16 February 2019 to decrease the Turkish Lira liabilities reserve ratios for: (i) demand deposits, time deposits and 
participation funds with maturities of up to one year and other liabilities with maturities of up to (and including) three years, 
by 100 basis points, and (ii) all other liabilities subject to reserve requirements, by 50 basis points. On 9 May 2019, the 
Central Bank increased reserve requirements for all foreign-exchange liabilities (including foreign-exchange 
deposits/participation funds) deposits by 100 basis points and, on 27 May 2019, increased all reserve requirements for

--- Page 196 ---
175 
foreign-exchange deposits/participation funds by another 200 basis points, through which approximately US$3.0 billion and 
US$4.2 billion of liquidity, respectively, was withdrawn from the market. On both 7 August and 20 September 2019, the 
Central Bank increased reserve requirements for foreign-exchange deposits/participation funds by 100 basis points for all 
maturity brackets. To support financial stability and the real loan growth-linked reserve requirement practice, the Central 
Bank decided on 28 December 2019 to increase (effective as of 10 January 2020 for the liability period starting on 
27 December 2019) the reserve requirement ratios for foreign exchange deposits/participation funds by 200 basis points for 
all maturity brackets, but applying a 200 basis point reduction on the new ratios for banks that attain certain Turkish Lira real 
loan growth conditions (i.e., effectively keeping the reserve requirement ratios for foreign exchange deposits/participation 
funds of such banks unchanged). 
In March 2020, as part of the government’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Central Bank issued a press 
release announcing the implementation of the following temporary measures: (a) providing banks with flexibility in Turkish 
Lira and foreign currency liquidity management, (b) offering targeted additional liquidity facilities to banks to secure credit 
flow to the corporate sector and (c) aiming to boost the cash flow of exporters by facilitating the discounting of export 
receivables. On 18 July 2020, the Central Bank increased foreign currency reserve requirement ratios by 300 basis points in 
all liability types and maturity brackets for all banks. 
On 27 November 2020, the Central Bank: (a) revised to 12% per annum the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-
denominated required reserves and (b) reduced the commission rate applied to the reserves maintained against U.S. dollar-
denominated deposits and participation fund liabilities from 1.25% to 0%. As a result, from December 2020, the reserve 
requirement ratios for: (i) deposits and participation funds (excluding those obtained from banks abroad) on demand and with 
a maturity up to (and including) three months and Turkish Lira-denominated other liabilities (including deposits and 
participation funds received from banks abroad) with a maturity up to (and including) one year were reduced to 6% per 
annum from 7% per annum, (ii) foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds (excluding deposits and 
participation funds obtained from banks abroad and precious metal deposit accounts) on demand and with a maturity less 
than one year were reduced to 19% per annum from 22% per annum, (iii) foreign currency-denominated deposits and 
participation funds (excluding deposits and participation funds obtained from banks abroad and precious metal deposit 
accounts) with a maturity of one year or more were reduced to 13% per annum from 18% per annum and (iv) other foreign 
currency-denominated liabilities (regardless of maturity) were reduced by 3% per annum (to a range of 5% per annum to 
21% per annum). 
On 24 February 2021, the Central Bank: (a) increased Turkish Lira reserve requirement ratios by 2.00% for all 
liability types and maturity brackets, (b) revised portions of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements that Turkish banks are 
permitted to maintain in U.S. dollars and standard gold and (c) revised to 13.50% the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-
denominated required reserves. These changes became effective from the calculation date of 19 February 2021, with the 
maintenance period starting on 5 March 2021. On 1 July 2021, the Central Bank: (a) reduced the maximum percentage of 
Turkish Lira reserves it can allow to be held in U.S. dollars from 20% to 10% and terminated the option of Turkish banks to 
maintain a portion of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in U.S. dollars as of 1 October 2021, (b) increased the reserve 
requirement ratios for foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds by 200 basis points for all maturity 
brackets and (c) started to apply remuneration rates from 13.5% to 19.0% per annum for Turkish Lira-denominated reserves 
of banks depending upon certain conditions, each of which changes became effective from the calculation date of 6 August 
2021 (with the maintenance period starting on 19 July 2021). On 15 September 2021, the Central Bank increased reserve 
requirement ratios for foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds and precious metals deposit accounts 
by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets effective as of 17 September 2021. On 9 November 2021, the Central Bank: (i) 
further reduced the maximum percentage of Turkish Lira reserves it would allow to be held in standard gold from 15% to 
10% and announced that the facility for holding standard gold for Turkish Lira reserve requirements will be gradually 
decreased and eventually terminated and (ii) increased the reserve requirement ratios for foreign currency 
deposits/participation funds by a further 200 basis points for all maturity brackets effective from the calculation date of 
12 November 2021 (with the maintenance period starting on 28 October 2021). On 21 December 2021, the Central Bank 
amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements to exclude in the calculation of reserve requirements the 
amounts converted from foreign exchange deposits/participation funds into Turkish Lira term deposits/participation funds. 
On 23 April 2022, the Central Bank amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements (effective as of 
29 April 2022) to require Turkish banks to establish mandatory reserves for their Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash 
loans; provided that the following are excluded: (a) loans provided to SMEs, tradesmen, financial institutions and/or certain

--- Page 197 ---
176 
governmental authorities and their subsidiaries and (b) export and investment loans, agricultural loans and corporate credit 
cards (i.e., the Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement). 
From 23 December 2022, if a bank’s Turkish Lira share of either its total consumer or company deposits is: (a) from 
50% to below 60%, then such bank must pay a fee to the Central Bank equal to 3% of the reserves required to be held by it 
with respect to all of its foreign exchange deposits, or (b) below 50%, then such fee rate is increased to 8%. 
On 15 January 2023, the Central Bank amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements so that (starting 
with the maintenance period starting on 3 February 2023), the reserve requirement rate for Turkish Lira deposit accounts and 
participation accounts held by certain customers with maturities longer than three months is 0%. Additionally, should there 
be an increase (compared to 6 January 2023, based upon a calculation to be made on the last Friday of every two week 
period) in a bank’s foreign currency-denominated liabilities with maturities longer than six months provided directly from 
abroad, the reserve requirement rate for such increased amount is 0% until 22 December 2023. On 7 April 2023, the Central 
Bank amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements (effective as of 28 April 2023) so that if the share of a 
Turkish bank’s Turkish Lira deposits/participation funds calculated for real and legal persons is less than 60% of its total 
deposits/participation funds, then the mandatory reserve ratios for its foreign currency liabilities for deposits/participation 
funds and precious metal accounts will be increased by five basis points. 
The Central Bank issued on 10 June 2022 the Regulation on the Maintenance of Turkish Lira Securities for Foreign 
Currency Liabilities (the name of which was later changed to Regulation on the Maintenance of Securities). Pursuant to this 
regulation (as amended on 31 December 2022), effective from 24 June 2022, each Turkish bank is required to hold with the 
Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government (including lease certificates 
issued by Undersecretariat of Treasury Asset Leasing Company) for the foreign currency deposits, participation funds and 
precious metals accounts held with such bank (excluding those of certain depositors, including the Central Bank itself, the 
Turkish 
Treasury, 
certain 
other 
governmental 
entities, 
other 
Turkish 
banks 
and 
non-citizens, 
and 
such 
deposits/funds/accounts funded by foreign direct investments as determined by the Central Bank) as well as the funds from 
foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions. Pursuant to an amendment to the Regulation on the Maintenance of 
Securities made on 7 April 2023, each Turkish bank is required to hold an amount of such securities equal to 10% of the 
amount of the foreign currency deposits, participation funds and precious metals accounts held by the relevant customers 
with such bank as well as the funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions; however, if the relevant bank’s 
ratio of Turkish Lira deposits to total deposits is: (a) less than 60%, then such rate is to be increased to 17%, (b) greater than 
or equal to 60% but less than 70%, then such rate is to be decreased to 5%, and (c) greater than or equal to 70%, then such 
rate is to be decreased to 3%. 
On 20 August 2022 and 31 December 2022, the Central Bank amended the Regulation on the Maintenance of 
Securities to: (a) require Turkish banks to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued 
by the Turkish government in an amount equal to 30% of the amount of the securities issued by entities (other than financial 
institutions) held by such banks, (b) replace the Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement with a requirement to hold 
with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal 
to 30% of the amount of such Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (excluding the loans previously excluded 
from the Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement as noted above only if such loans are disbursed against expenditures) 
and (c) provide that if: 
(i) a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan growth (excluding such excluded loans) 
during each calculation period from 26 August 2022 to 25 November 2022 compared to the previous calculation 
period was higher than 3%, then such bank is required to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-
denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to the amount over such 3%, 
(ii) a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan (excluding such excluded loans) growth as of 
30 December 2022 compared to 29 July 2022 is higher than 10%, then such bank is required to hold with the Central 
Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to the 
amount over such 10% minus the amount already held as required by clause (i), and 
(iii) a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan growth (excluding such excluded loans) 
during each calculation period from 27 January 2023 to 29 December 2023 compared to the previous calculation

--- Page 198 ---
177 
period was higher than 3%, then such bank is required to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-
denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to the amount over such 3%. 
Additionally, the 20 August 2022 amendment provides that, for commercial loans extended from 20 August 2022 until 
31 December 2022, a Turkish bank is required to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities 
issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to: 
(A) 20% of the amount of Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (excluding such excluded 
loans) extended during such period at an annual compound interest rate from and including 1.4 times to but 
excluding 1.8 times higher than the Central Bank-released annual compound reference rate (which reference rate is 
10.31% for the period between 1 December 2022 and 31 December 2022), and 
(B) 90% of the amount of Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (excluding such excluded 
loans) extended during such period at an annual compound interest rate of 1.8 times or more higher than such 
Central Bank-released annual compound reference rate. 
With respect to commercial loans extended from 31 December 2022, banks are required (based upon a calculation to be made 
on the last Friday of every month) until 29 December 2023 to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-
denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to 20% or 150% of the amount of Turkish Lira-
denominated commercial cash loans (excluding such excluded loans) extended during such month depending upon their 
annual compound interest rate (on 7 April 2023, the Central Bank further amended the Regulation on the Maintenance of 
Securities and increased such rate from 90% to 150% other than for banks having a ratio of Turkish Lira deposits to total 
deposits of greater than or equal to 70%). In May 2023, the Central Bank introduced new rules for credit growth for 
consumer loans, vehicle loans, SME loans and loans subject to the Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement, which rules 
provide that, if any of such loan types grows more than 3% per month, the applicable bank will be required to hold with the 
Central Bank long-term Turkish lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish Treasury in an amount equal to the excess 
of loans over the 3% growth rate. 
Also in August 2022, the Central Bank introduced new regulations to increase the share of Turkish Lira-
denominated assets in the collateral system and to ensure the maintenance of additional required reserves for foreign currency 
deposits. Effective as of 2 September 2022, the collateral discount rate for CPI-indexed securities and assets subject to 
collateral in foreign currency and gold was gradually increased from 50% to 60% to 70% and the remuneration rate for 
Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves was reduced to 0% from 8.5%. 
On 31 December 2022, as a provisional application to be applied from 27 January 2023 through 29 December 2023 
(based upon a calculation to be made on the last Friday of every month), the Central Bank required banks to hold the 
following additional reserves with the Central Bank: should there be an increase in the positive difference in the sum of a 
bank’s foreign currency deposits, participation funds and funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions minus 
the amount of loans provided and the related required reserves, reserves in the amount of such increase must be held using 
long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government. 
On 7 April 2023, as a provisional measure to be applied through 29 September 2023, the Central Bank required each 
Turkish bank to hold additional Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government if (based upon a 
calculation to be made as of the last Friday of every month or, if such day is not a business day, the preceding business day) 
the conversion rate (compared to 31 March 2023) from foreign currency deposits/participation funds to Turkish Lira 
deposits/participation funds (as calculated for real and legal persons separately) is less than certain percentages, in which 
event such bank will be required to maintain additional Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish 
government. 
On 17 May 2023, as a provisional measure, the Central Bank required each Turkish bank to hold (for a six month 
period) additional Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government (based upon a calculation to be 
made as of the last Friday of May, June and July 2023) if the additional conversion rate (i.e., the conversions made in 
addition to the mandatory conversion rates referenced in the preceding paragraph) from foreign currency 
deposits/participation funds to Turkish Lira deposits/participation funds (as calculated for real persons only) is less than 10% 
per monthly calculation period until 28 July 2023 and also if less than 30% from 28 July 2023; however, this provision does

--- Page 199 ---
178 
not apply to banks whose deposit/participation fund size in foreign currency is below an amount determined by the Central 
Bank from time to time. 
On 26 May 2023, the BRSA published the Regulation on the Net Stable Funding Ratio Calculations of Banks to 
align the Turkish regulatory capital regime with Basel III requirements that seeks to strengthen the liquidity of banks. 
Pursuant to this new regulation, starting as of 1 January 2024, the three-month arithmetic mean of a bank’s consolidated and 
non-consolidated net stable funding ratios (calculated on a monthly basis) shall not be less than 100%. The BRSA shall also 
announce a minimum rate for the banks’ consolidated and non-consolidated net stable funding ratios (as calculated monthly) 
and if either the consolidated or non-consolidated net stable funding ratio of a bank falls below such minimum requirement, 
then such bank must resolve this discrepancy by the next calculation period. 
Foreign Exchange Requirements 
According to the Regulation on Foreign Exchange Net Position/Capital Base issued by the BRSA and published in 
the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006 (and amendments thereto effective as of 9 March 2023), for both the 
bank-only and consolidated financial statements, the weekly arithmetic mean of the ratio of a bank’s foreign exchange net 
position to its capital base should not exceed (+/-) 10%, which calculation is required to be made on a weekly basis for 
unconsolidated and monthly basis for consolidated financial statements. The net foreign exchange position is the difference 
between the Turkish Lira equivalent of a bank’s foreign exchange assets and its foreign exchange liabilities. For the purpose 
of computing the net foreign exchange position, foreign exchange assets include all active foreign exchange accounts held by 
a bank (including its foreign branches), its foreign exchange-indexed assets and its subscribed forward foreign exchange 
purchases; and for purposes of computing the net foreign exchange position, foreign exchange liabilities include all passive 
foreign exchange accounts held by a bank (including its foreign branches), its subscribed foreign exchange-indexed liabilities 
and its subscribed forward foreign exchange sales. In addition, a bank must include any general and special provisions it has 
set aside pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation for the calculation of the standard ratio of its 
foreign exchange net position to its capital base. If such ratio exceeds (+/-) 10%, then the bank is required to take steps to 
move back into compliance within two weeks following the bank’s calculation period. Banks are permitted to exceed this 
ratio up to six times per calendar year. 
Audit of Banks 
According to Article 24 of the Banking Law, a bank’s board of directors is required to establish audit committees for 
the execution of the audit and monitoring functions of the board of directors. The duties and responsibilities of the audit 
committee include: (a) the supervision of the efficiency and adequacy of the bank’s internal control, risk management and 
internal audit systems, (b) the functioning of these systems and accounting and reporting systems within the framework of the 
Banking Law and other relevant legislation, (c) the integrity of the information produced by such systems, (d) conducting the 
necessary preliminary evaluations for the selection of independent audit firms by the board of directors, (e) regularly 
monitoring the activities of independent audit firms selected by the board of directors and (f) in the case of holding 
companies covered by the Banking Law, ensuring that the internal audit functions of the institutions that are subject to 
consolidation operate in a coordinated manner. 
Banks are required to select an independent audit firm in accordance with the Turkish Auditor Regulation. 
Independent auditors are held liable for damages and losses to third parties and are subject to stricter reporting obligations. 
Professional liability insurance is required for: (a) independent auditors and (b) evaluators, rating agencies and certain other 
support services (if requested by the service-acquiring bank or required by the BRSA). Furthermore, banks are required to 
consolidate their financial statements on a quarterly basis in accordance with certain consolidation principles established by 
the BRSA. The year-end consolidated financial statements are required to be audited whereas interim consolidated financial 
statements are subject to only a review by independent audit firms.  
Pursuant to the Regulation regarding the Internal Systems and Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process of 
Banks, as issued by the BRSA and published in the Official Gazette No. 29057 dated 11 July 2014 (the “ICAAP 
Regulation”), banks are obligated to establish, manage and develop (for themselves and all of their consolidated financial 
subsidiaries) internal audit, internal control and risk management systems commensurate with the scope and structure of their 
activities, in compliance with the provisions of such regulation. The ICAAP Regulation also requires banks to conduct an 
“internal capital adequacy assessment process” (“ICAAP”), which is an internal process whereby banks calculate the amount 
of capital required to cover the risks to which they are or may be exposed on an unconsolidated and consolidated basis and

--- Page 200 ---
179 
with a forward-looking perspective, taking into account their near- and medium-term business and strategic plans. In this 
context, each bank is required to prepare an internal capital adequacy assessment process report (the “ICAAP Report”) 
representing the bank’s own assessment of its capital and liquidity requirements. The ICAAP Regulation established 
standards as to principles of internal control, internal audit and risk management systems and an ICAAP in order to bring 
such regulations into compliance with Basel II requirements. 
In 2015 and 2016, the BRSA issued certain amendments to the ICAAP Regulation to align the Turkish regulatory 
capital regime with Basel III requirements. These amendments relating to internal systems and internal capital adequacy 
ratios entered into force on 20 January 2016 and the other amendments entered into force on 31 March 2016. These 
amendments impose new regulatory requirements to enhance the effectiveness of internal risk management and internal 
capital adequacy assessments by introducing, among other things, new stress test requirements. Accordingly, the board of 
directors and senior management of a bank are required to ensure that a bank has established appropriate risk management 
systems and that it applies an ICAAP such that the bank has adequate capital to meet the risks incurred by it. The ICAAP 
Report is required to be audited by either the internal audit department or an independent audit firm in accordance with the 
internal audit procedures of a bank. 
All banks (public and private) also undergo annual audits and interim reviews by certified bank auditors who have 
the authority to audit banks on behalf of the BRSA, which audits encompass all aspects of a bank’s operations, its financial 
statements, other matters affecting the bank’s financial position and the bank’s compliance with law. The Central Bank has 
the right to monitor compliance by banks with the Central Bank’s regulations through on-site and off-site examinations. 
In 2015, the BRSA amended the Regulation on Principles and Procedures of Audits to expand the scope of the audit 
of banks in compliance with the ICAAP Regulation. According to this regulation, the BRSA monitors banks’ compliance 
with the regulations relating to the maintenance of capital and liquidity adequacy for risks incurred or to be incurred by banks 
and the adequacy and efficiency of banks’ internal audit systems. 
The Savings Deposit Insurance Fund (SDIF) 
The SDIF is a public legal entity set up to insure savings deposits held with banks and (along with all other Turkish 
banks) the Bank is subject to its regulations. The SDIF is responsible for and authorised to take measures for restructuring, 
transfers to third parties and strengthening the financial structures of banks, the shares of which and/or the management and 
control of which have been transferred to the SDIF in accordance with Article 71 of the Banking Law, as well as other duties 
imposed on it. 
(a) Insurance of Deposits. Pursuant to Article 63 of the Banking Law: (a) funds in checking accounts that 
are owned by commercial entities (which accounts are used solely for the payment of checks) and (b) funds in 
savings deposit accounts owned by natural persons are insured by the SDIF. Effective as of 28 August 2022, all 
deposit and participation funds except those owned by official institutions, credit institutions and financial 
institutions are insured by the SDIF. The scope and amount of deposit and participation funds subject to the 
insurance are determined by the SDIF upon the approval of the Central Bank, the BRSA and the Turkish Treasury. 
The tariff of the insurance premium, the time and method of collection of this premium, minimum target level of 
deposit insurance reserve (effective as of 28 August 2022) and other relevant matters are determined by the SDIF 
upon the approval of the BRSA. Since 1 January 2023, an amount of up to TL 400,000 of a depositor’s deposit 
account benefits from the SDIF insurance guarantee. 
(b) Power to require Advances from Banks. Provided that BRSA consent is received, the banks may be 
required by the SDIF to make advances of up to the total insurance premiums paid by them in the previous year to 
be set-off against their future premium obligations. The decision regarding such advances shall also indicate the 
interest rate applicable thereto. 
(c) Contribution of the Central Bank. If the SDIF’s resources prove insufficient due to extraordinary 
circumstances, then the Central Bank will, on request, provide the SDIF with an advance. The terms, amounts, 
repayment conditions, interest rates and other conditions of the advance will be determined by the Central Bank 
upon consultation with the SDIF.

--- Page 201 ---
180 
(d) Premiums as an Expense Item. Premiums paid by a bank into the SDIF are to be treated as an expense 
in the calculation of that bank’s corporate tax. 
(e) Liquidation. In the event of the bankruptcy or (effective as of 28 August 2022) liquidity of a bank, the 
SDIF is a privileged creditor and may liquidate the bank under the provisions of the Execution and Bankruptcy Law 
No. 2004, exercising the duties and powers of the bankruptcy office and creditors’ meeting and the bankruptcy 
administration. 
(f) Claims. In the event of the bankruptcy of a bank, holders of savings deposits will have a privileged 
claim in respect of the part of their deposit that is not covered by the SDIF’s insurance. 
The main powers and duties of the SDIF pursuant to the SDIF regulation published in the Official Gazette 
No. 31901 dated 23 July 2022, are as follows: 
(a) becoming members of international financial, economic and professional organisations in which 
domestic and foreign equivalent agencies participate, and signing memoranda of understanding with the authorised 
bodies of foreign countries regarding the matters that fall within the SDIF’s span of duty, 
(b) insuring all deposits and participation accounts in the credit institutions except the accounts of official 
institutions, credit institutions and financial institutions, 
(c) determining the scope and amount of the deposit and participation accounts that are subject to insurance 
with the opinion of the Central Bank, the BRSA and the Turkish Treasury, and the risk-based insurance premia 
timetable, collection time and form, minimum target level of deposit insurance reserve and other related issues in 
cooperation with the BRSA, 
(d) determining the procedures and principles regarding the establishment, operation and supervision of the 
system to be established by the credit institutions as a basis for the calculation, follow-up, verification and payment 
of the insured deposit and participation funds, in cooperation with the BRSA, 
(e) paying (directly or through another bank) the insured deposits and participation accounts in the credit 
institutions whose banking licence has been revoked by the BRSA from deposit insurance reserves, 
(f) fulfilling the necessary operations regarding the transfer, sale and merger of the banks whose 
shareholder rights (except to dividends) and management and supervision have been transferred to the SDIF by the 
BRSA, with the condition that the losses of the shareholders are reduced from the capital,  
(g) taking management and control of the banks whose banking licence has been revoked by the BRSA and 
fulfilling the necessary operations regarding the bankruptcy and liquidation of such banks, 
(h) fulfilling the necessary operations regarding liquidation of the savings finance institutions whose 
operation licence has been revoked by the BRSA, and 
(i) carrying out activities required for the management, sale and liquidation of partnership shares and assets 
of the companies whose powers have been transferred to the SDIF or to which the SDIF has been appointed as a 
trustee. 
Cancellation of Banking Licence 
If the results of an audit show that a bank’s financial structure has seriously weakened, then the BRSA may require 
the bank’s board of directors to take measures to strengthen its financial position. Pursuant to the Banking Law, in the event 
that the BRSA in its sole discretion determines that: 
(a) the assets of a bank are insufficient or are likely to become insufficient to cover its obligations as they 
become due or the bank is not complying with liquidity requirements,

--- Page 202 ---
181 
(b) the bank’s profitability is not sufficient to conduct its business in a secure manner due to disturbances in 
the relation and balance between expenses and profit, 
(c) the regulatory equity capital of such bank is not sufficient or is likely to become insufficient, 
(d) the quality of the assets of such bank have been impaired in a manner potentially weakening its 
financial structure, 
(e) the decisions, transactions or applications of such bank are in breach of the Banking Law, relevant 
regulations or the decisions of the BRSA, 
(f) such bank does not establish internal audit, supervision and risk management systems or to effectively 
and sufficiently conduct such systems or any factor impedes the audit of such systems, 
(g) imprudent acts of such bank’s management materially increase the risks stipulated under the Banking 
Law and relevant legislation or potentially weaken the bank’s financial structure, or 
(h) for D-SIBs, the precautions under the precaution plan described below are not implemented promptly, 
such precautions are unable to cure the applicable weakness or it is determined that such weakness cannot be cured 
even if such precautions were implemented, 
then the BRSA may require the board of directors of such bank: (i) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in 
clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (h), to: 
(A) increase such bank’s equity capital, 
(B) not permit such bank to distribute dividends for a temporary period to be determined by the BRSA and 
to transfer its distributable dividend to the reserve fund, 
(C) increase such bank’s loan provisions, 
(D) stop such bank’s extension of loans to its shareholders, 
(E) dispose of such bank’s assets in order to strengthen its liquidity, 
(F) limit or stop such bank’s new investments, 
(G) limit such bank’s salary and other payments, and/or 
(H) cease such bank’s long-term investments, and 
(ii) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in clause (e), (f) or (g), to: 
(A) cause such bank to comply with the relevant banking legislation, 
(B) cease such bank’s risky transactions by re-evaluating such bank’s credit policy, and/or 
(C) causing such bank to take all actions to decrease any maturity, foreign exchange and interest rate risks 
for a period determined by the BRSA and in accordance with a plan approved by the BRSA. 
The BRSA may also take any other action in relation to the occurrence of an event described in clauses (a) through (h) that it 
may deem necessary. 
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable bank, its financial 
structure cannot be strengthened despite the fact that such actions have been taken or the BRSA determines that taking such

--- Page 203 ---
182 
actions will not lead to a favourable result, then the BRSA may require such bank: (i) in the event of the occurrence of an 
event described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (h) of the preceding paragraph, to: 
(A) strengthen its financial structure, increase its liquidity and/or increase its capital adequacy, 
(B) dispose of its fixed assets and long-term assets within a reasonable time determined by the BRSA, 
(C) decrease its operational and management costs, 
(D) postpone its payments under any name whatsoever, excluding the regular payments to be made to its 
employees, and/or 
(E) limit or prohibit extension of any cash or non-cash loans to certain third persons, legal entities, risk 
groups or sectors, and 
(ii) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in clause (e), (f) or (g) of the preceding paragraph, to: 
(A) convene an extraordinary general assembly in order to change some or all of the members of the board 
of directors or assign new member(s) to the board of directors, in the event any board member is responsible for a 
failure to comply with relevant legislation, a failure to establish efficient and sufficient operation of internal audit, 
internal control and risk management systems or non-operation of these systems efficiently or there is a factor that 
impedes supervision or such member(s) of the board of directors cause(s) to increase risks significantly as stipulated 
above, and/or 
(B) implement short-, medium- or long-term plans and projections that are approved by the BRSA to 
decrease the risks incurred by the bank and the members of the board of directors and the shareholders with 
qualified shares must undertake the implementation of such plan in writing. 
The BRSA may also take any other action in relation to the occurrence of an event described in clauses (a) through (h) of the 
preceding paragraph that it may deem necessary. 
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable bank, the problem 
cannot be solved despite the fact that the actions have been taken or the BRSA determines that taking such actions will not 
lead to a favourable result, then the BRSA may require such bank to: 
(a) limit or cease its business or the business of the whole organisation, including its relations with its local 
or foreign branches and correspondents, for a temporary period, 
(b) apply various restrictions, including restrictions on the interest rate and maturity with respect to 
resource collection and utilisation, 
(c) remove from office (in whole or in part) some or all of its members of the board of directors, general 
manager and deputy general managers and the relevant department and branch managers and obtain approval from 
the BRSA as to the persons to be appointed to replace them, 
(d) make available long-term loans; provided that these will not exceed the amount of deposit or 
participation accounts subject to insurance, and be secured by the shares or other assets of the controlling 
shareholders, 
(e) limit or cease its non-performing operations and to dispose of its non-performing assets, 
(f) merge with one or more other interested bank(s), 
(g) provide new shareholders in order to increase its equity capital,

--- Page 204 ---
183 
(h) deduct any resulting losses from its own funds, and/or 
(i) take any other action that the BRSA may deem necessary. 
In the event that: (a) the aforementioned actions are not (in whole or in part) taken by the applicable bank within a 
period of time set forth by the BRSA or in any case within 12 months, (b) the financial structure of such bank cannot be 
strengthened despite its having taken such actions, (c) it is determined that taking these actions will not lead to the 
strengthening of the bank’s financial structure, (d) the continuation of the activities of such bank would jeopardise the rights 
of the depositors and the participation account owners and the security and stability of the financial system, (e) such bank 
cannot cover its liabilities as they become due, (f) the total amount of the liabilities of such bank exceeds the total amount of 
its assets or (g) the controlling shareholders or directors of such bank are found to have utilised such bank’s resources for 
their own interests, directly or indirectly or fraudulently, in a manner that jeopardised the secure functioning of the bank or 
caused such bank to sustain a loss as a result of such misuse, then the BRSA, with the affirmative vote of at least five of its 
board members, may revoke the licence of such bank to engage in banking operations and/or to accept deposits and transfer 
the management, supervision and control of the shareholding rights (excluding dividends) of such bank to the SDIF for the 
purpose of whole or partial transfer or sale of such bank to third persons or the merger thereof; provided that any loss is 
deducted from the share capital of current shareholders. 
In order for the advance identification of the appropriate response measures to be taken in case of the occurrence of 
any events (or probability of the occurrence of any events) that might weaken their financial structures, banks that are 
classified by the BRSA as systemically important banks (i.e., as D-SIBs) must create prevention plans and submit those to the 
BRSA. In the case of any determination of the occurrence of any such events (or probability of the occurrence of any such 
events) with respect to such a bank (on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis), such bank must implement the precautions 
indicated in their prevention plan and notify the BRSA of such circumstances and the BRSA may impose the implementation 
of such precautions. 
Any and all execution and bankruptcy proceedings (including preliminary injunction) against a bank whose license 
is revoked would be discontinued as from the date on which the BRSA’s decision to revoke such bank’s licence is published 
in the Official Gazette. From the date of revocation of such bank’s licence, the creditors of such bank may not assign their 
rights or take any action that could lead to assignment of their rights. The SDIF must take measures for the protection of the 
rights of depositors and other creditors of such bank. The SDIF is required to pay the insured deposits of such bank either by 
itself or through another bank it may designate. The SDIF is required to institute bankruptcy proceedings in the name of 
depositors against a bank whose banking licence is revoked. 
Annual Reporting 
Pursuant to the Banking Law, Turkish banks are required to follow the BRSA’s principles and procedures (which 
are established in consultation with the Turkish Accounting Standards Board and international standards) when preparing 
their annual reports. Turkish listed companies must also comply with the Communiqué on Principles of Financial Reporting 
in Capital Markets issued by the CMB. In addition, they must ensure uniformity in their accounting systems, correctly record 
all their transactions and prepare timely and accurate financial reports in a format that is clear, reliable and comparable as 
well as suitable for auditing, analysis and interpretation. 
Furthermore, Turkish companies (including banks) are required to comply with the Regulation regarding 
Determination of the Minimum Content of the Companies’ Annual Reports published by the Ministry of Customs and Trade, 
as well as the Corporate Governance Communiqué, when preparing their annual reports. These reports are required to include 
the following information: management and organisation structures, human resources, activities, financial situation, 
assessment of management and expectations and a summary of the directors’ report and independent auditor’s report. 
A bank cannot settle its balance sheets without ensuring reconciliation with the legal and auxiliary books and 
records of its branches and domestic and foreign correspondents. 
The BRSA is authorised to take necessary measures where it is determined that a bank’s financial statements have 
been misrepresented.

--- Page 205 ---
184 
Pursuant to the Regulation on the Principles and Procedures Concerning the Preparation of Annual Reports by 
Banks published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006, the chairman of the board, audit committee, 
general manager, deputy general manager responsible for financial reporting and the relevant unit manager (or equivalent 
authorities) must sign the reports indicating their full names and titles and declare that the financial statements comply with 
relevant legislation and accounting records. 
Independent auditors must perform an audit of, and provide an opinion on, the annual financial statements prepared 
by the banks. 
Banks are required to submit their financial statements to related authorities and publish them in accordance with the 
BRSA’s principles and procedures. 
According to BRSA regulations, the annual report is subject to the approval of the board of directors and must be 
submitted to shareholders at least 15 days before the annual general assembly of the bank. Banks also must submit an 
electronic copy of their annual reports to the BRSA within seven days following the publication of the reports. Banks must 
publish a copy of such reports on their websites by the end of May following the end of the relevant fiscal year. 
Amendments to the Regulation on the Principles and Procedures Regarding the Preparation of Annual Reports by 
Banks, which entered into force on 31 March 2016, require annual and interim financial statements of banks to include 
explanations regarding their risk management in line with the Regulation on Risk Management to be Disclosed to the Public. 
Disclosure of Financial Statements 
The BRSA published amendments (which entered into force on 31 March 2016) to the Communiqué on Financial 
Statements to be Disclosed to the Public setting forth principles of disclosure of annotated financial statements of banks in 
accordance with the Communiqué on Public Disclosure regarding Risk Management of Banks and the Equity Regulation. 
The amendments reflect the updated requirements relating to information to be disclosed to the public in line with the 
amendments to the calculation of risk-weighted assets and their implications for capital adequacy ratios, liquidity coverage 
ratios and leverage ratios. Rules relating to equity items presented in the financial statements were also amended in line with 
the amendments to the Equity Regulation. Additionally, banks are required to make necessary disclosures on their websites 
immediately upon repayment of a debt instrument, depreciation or conversion of a share certificate or occurrence of any other 
material change. 
In addition, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Public Disclosure regarding Risk Management of Banks, 
which expands the scope of public disclosure to be made in relation to risk management (which entered into force on 
31 March 2016) in line with the disclosure requirements of the Basel Committee. According to this regulation, each bank is 
required to announce information regarding their consolidated and/or unconsolidated risk management related to risks arising 
from or in connection with securitisation, counterparty, credit, market and its operations in line with the standards and 
procedures specified in this regulation. Each bank is also required to form policies approved by its board of directors 
regarding internal audit and control processes relating to risk management. 
On 15 September 2018, the Ministry of Commerce issued a communiqué that sets forth the procedures and 
principles relating to the application of Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code, which article regulates the measures 
that Turkish companies (i.e., joint stock companies, limited liability companies and limited partnerships, in which the capital 
is divided into shares, including financial institutions) are required to adopt in case of loss of capital or insolvency. This new 
communiqué aims to clarify and complement the remedial actions that can be taken in relation to the treatment of foreign 
exchange losses in the calculation of the loss of capital or insolvency. As companies in Türkiye prepare their financial 
statements in Turkish Lira, the value of any foreign currency-denominated asset and liability is converted into Turkish Lira 
based upon the currency rate applicable as of the date of such financial statements; however, until 1 January 2024, the 
communiqué allows companies to disregard any losses arising from the exchange rate volatility of any outstanding foreign 
currency-denominated liability while making any capital loss or insolvency calculations. As such, companies will not be 
required to apply any measures set forth in Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code to maintain their capital if the 
relevant loss of capital or insolvency arises from currency fluctuations.

--- Page 206 ---
185 
Financial Services Fee 
Pursuant to Heading XI of Tariff No. 8 attached to the Law on Fees (Law No. 492) amended by the Law No. 5951, 
banks are required to pay to the relevant tax office to which their head office reports an annual financial services fee for each 
of their branches. The amount of the fee is determined in accordance with the population of the district in which the relevant 
branch is located. 
Corporate Governance Principles 
The Corporate Governance Communiqué provides certain mandatory and non-mandatory corporate governance 
principles as well as rules regarding related-party transactions and a company’s investor relations department. Some 
provisions of the Corporate Governance Communiqué are applicable to all companies incorporated in Türkiye and listed on 
the Borsa İstanbul, whereas some others are applicable solely to companies whose shares are traded in certain markets of the 
Borsa İstanbul. The Corporate Governance Communiqué provides specific exemptions and/or rules applicable to banks that 
are traded on the Borsa İstanbul. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is subject to the corporate governance principles stated in the 
banking regulations and the regulations for capital markets that are applicable to banks. The Bank is required to state in its 
annual activity report whether it is in compliance with the principles applicable to it under the Corporate Governance 
Communiqué. In case of any non-compliance, explanations regarding such non-compliance are also required to be included 
in such report. Should the Bank fail to comply with any mandatory obligations, then it may be subject to sanctions from the 
CMB. In its latest annual report before the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank stated that it was in compliance with the 
mandatory principles of the Corporate Governance Communiqué. 
The Corporate Governance Communiqué contains principles relating to: (a) companies’ shareholders and other 
stakeholders, (b) public disclosure and transparency and (c) boards of directors. A number of principles are compulsory, 
while the remaining principles apply on a “comply or explain” basis. The Corporate Governance Communiqué classifies 
listed companies into three categories according to their market capitalisation and the market value of their free-float shares, 
subject to recalculation on an annual basis. The Bank is classified as a “1st Group” company. 
The mandatory principles under the Corporate Governance Communiqué include provisions relating to: (a) the 
composition of the board of directors, (b) appointment of independent board members, (c) board committees, (d) specific 
corporate approval requirements for related party transactions, transactions that may result in a conflict of interest and certain 
other transactions deemed material by the Corporate Governance Communiqué and (e) information rights in connection with 
general assembly meetings. According to the Corporate Governance Communiqué, banks may, taking into account the size of 
their operations and type of their structures, determine their corporate governance principles based upon those stated in the 
Corporate Governance Communiqué provided that they comply with the principles and procedures set out in the Banking 
Law and the provisions of other regulations entered into effect in accordance therewith. 
Listed companies are required to have independent board members, who should meet the mandatory qualifications 
required for independent board members as set out in the Corporate Governance Communiqué. Independent board members 
should constitute at least one-third of the board of directors and should not be fewer than two; however, publicly traded banks 
are required to appoint at least three independent board members to their board of directors, which directors may be selected 
from the members of the bank’s audit committee, in which case the mandatory qualifications required for independent 
members are not applicable; provided that when all independent board members are selected from the audit committee, at 
least one member should meet the mandatory qualification required for independent board members as set out in the 
Corporate Governance Communiqué. The Corporate Governance Communiqué further initiated a pre-assessment system to 
determine the “independency” of individuals nominated as independent board members in “1st Group” companies (for banks, 
to the extent such independent board members are not members of that bank’s audit committee). Those nominated for such 
positions must be evaluated by the “Corporate Governance Committee” or the “Nomination Committee,” if any, of the board 
of directors for fulfilling the applicable criteria stated in the Corporate Governance Communiqué. The board of directors is 
required to prepare a list of nominees based upon this evaluation for final review by the CMB, which is authorised to issue a 
“negative view” on any nominee and prevent their appointment as independent members of the board of directors. The 
Corporate Governance Communiqué also requires listed companies to establish certain other board committees; however, 
banks are exempt from this requirement for the audit committee, early detection of risk committee and remuneration 
committee.

--- Page 207 ---
186 
In addition to the mandatory principles regarding the composition of the board and the independent board members, 
the Corporate Governance Communiqué introduced specific corporate approval requirements for all material related party 
transactions. All those types of transactions shall be approved by the majority of the independent board members. If not, then 
they shall be brought to the general assembly meeting where related parties to those transactions are not allowed to vote. 
Meeting quorum shall not be sought for these resolutions and the resolution quorum is the simple majority of the attendees 
who may vote. For banks and financial institutions, transactions with related parties arising from their ordinary activities are 
not subject to the requirements of related party transactions. 
The Capital Markets Law authorises the CMB to require listed companies to comply with the corporate governance 
principles in whole or in part and to take certain measures with a view to monitor compliance with the new principles, which 
include requesting injunctions from the court or filing lawsuits to determine or to revoke any unlawful transactions or actions 
that contradict with these principles. 
In addition to the provisions of the Corporate Governance Communiqué related to the remuneration policy of banks, 
the BRSA published a guideline on good pricing practices in banks, which entered into force on 31 March 2016. This 
guideline sets out the general principles for employee remuneration as well as standards for remuneration to be made to the 
board of directors and senior management of banks. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is in compliance with the mandatory principles under the Corporate 
Governance Communiqué, as well as with applicable requirements for having independent directors. 
On 2 October 2020, the CMB amended the Corporate Governance Communiqué to provide that publicly held 
companies that are subject to the corporate governance principles are also to be subject to the principles specified in the 
Sustainability Principles Compliance Framework (in Turkish: Sürdürülebilirlik İlkeleri Uyum Çerçevesi), which seeks to 
increase Turkish companies’ attention to environmental, social and corporate governance principles and thereby enhance 
their attractiveness to international investors. Although the application of such principles is voluntary for publicly held 
companies, companies are required to state in their annual activity report whether they adhere to the principles (i.e., “comply 
or explain”). 
Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-Bribery Policies 
Please see “The Group and its Business – Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and 
Anti-Bribery Policies.” 
Consumer Loan, Provisioning and Credit Card Regulations 
On 8 October 2013, the BRSA published regulations that aim to limit the expansion of individual loans and 
payments (especially credit card instalments). The rules: (a) include overdrafts on deposit accounts and loans on credit cards 
in the category of consumer loans for purposes of provisioning requirements, (b) set a limit for credit cards issued to 
consumers who apply for a credit card for the first time if their income cannot be determined by the bank, (c) require credit 
card issuers to monitor cardholders’ income levels before each limit increase of the credit card and (d) increase the minimum 
monthly payment required to be made by cardholders. The Central Bank also adjusts from time to time the monthly cap on 
individual and commercial credit card interest rates and the commission rates that can be applied by banks for their 
“acquisition” of vouchers from merchants, any of which changes might make the related business less profitable (or even 
unprofitable). In addition, pursuant to the Banking Law, the Central Bank is empowered to determine the maximum interest 
rates for lending and deposit-taking activities of banks, as well as any fees, expenses and commissions charged by them. 
Loan Transactions 
On 31 December 2013, the BRSA adopted rules on loan-to-value and instalments of certain types of loans and, on 
27 September 2016, the BRSA made certain amendments to such rules. Pursuant to these rules, the minimum loan-to-value 
requirement for housing loans extended to consumers, financial lease transactions for housing and loans (except auto loans) 
secured by houses is 80% (which was 75% before such amendments), with exceptions for houses that have an energy 
identification document within the scope of the Energy Efficiency Law No. 5627, for which a higher loan-to-value 
percentage is applicable. On 19 March 2020, the BRSA (as part of the measures taken against the impacts of the COVID-19 
pandemic) published a resolution that increased such loan-to-value requirement to 90% for houses worth TL 500,000 or less; 
provided that such loans are made to consumers and are not used for the purchase of autos. On 23 June 2022 and 24 February

--- Page 208 ---
187 
2023, the BRSA imposed different loan-to-value requirements for housing loans utilised for new and existing homes, again 
with respect to a house’s sales value and energy efficiencies. In addition, the Regulation on Loan Transactions of Banks sets 
maximum loan-to-value ratios for auto loans extended to consumers, loans secured by autos and autos leased under financial 
lease transactions, the loan-to-value limit for which varies depending upon the sales price of the applicable vehicle. 
On 16 September 2021, the BRSA reduced the overall maturity limit for general purpose loans from 36 months to 
24 months for loans over TL 50,000. The BRSA also provided that general purpose loans granted before such date can be 
restructured, for a maximum of 36 months, if requested by the borrower even if their debt balances are over TL 50,000. 
According to the regulations announced by the BRSA, the total amount of general purpose loans that have more than 24 
months maturity and that have been granted after such date must be limited TL 50,000 per customer and each bank is 
required to monitor this limit for its own customers. On 9 June 2022, the BRSA further reduced the maturity limit for general 
purpose loans from 24 months to 12 months for loans over TL 100,000; however, the BRSA also provided that general 
purpose loans granted before 16 September 2021 can be restructured, for a maximum of 36 months, and general purpose 
loans granted between 16 September 2021 and 9 June 2022 can be restructured, for a maximum of 24 months, if requested by 
the borrower even if their debt balances are over TL 50,000. 
Due to two large earthquakes in Kahramanmaraş on 6 February 2023 that affected 10 different cities, on 7 and 
10 February 2023, the BRSA announced (inter alia) the following provisional measures to be applied until 1 January 2024 
regarding loan transactions of natural and legal persons located in the affected cities (and on 23 February 2023, the BRSA 
extended such provisional measures to other regions that satisfy certain criteria to be considered disaster areas): 
 
banks may determine grace periods and/or maturities of retail loans that are newly provided or restructured, 
 
the maturity thresholds determined under the Regulation on Loan Transactions shall not be applied, 
 
subject to the request of a borrower, such borrower’s principal and interest payments shall be delayed for at 
least six months; however, whether or not requested by a borrower, so long as no interest/profit share is to 
be paid by such borrower as a result of such postponement, then such payments shall be delayed for at least 
six months, and 
 
in the case of the delay of principal and interest payments for vehicle and retail loans upon the request of 
the borrower, the maturity thresholds determined under the Regulation on Loan Transactions shall not be 
applied. 
Caps on Fees, Commissions and POS Commission Rates 
The BRSA and Central Bank have issued various laws in late 2019 and early 2020 that impose limitations on certain 
fees and commissions that Turkish banks may charge to customers. On 16 October 2019, the Central Bank introduced an 
amendment to cap the commission rates applied by banks in their “point of sale” (POS) business. The Central Bank then 
issued the Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates and Participation Accounts Profit and Loss Participation Rates 
(the “Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates”) and the Communiqué on Procedures and Principles of Fees to be 
Collected by Banks from Commercial Customers (the “Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees”), both of which 
became effective as of 1 March 2020 (for the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees, most of the provisions relating to 
fees became effective as of 1 April 2020) and impose certain such limitations. Pursuant to these communiqués, the caps on 
POS commission rates for purchases of goods and service were subjected to revision by reference to a monthly reference rate 
determined by the Central Bank plus a fixed rate set out under the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees, which rates 
are adjusted by taking into account the number of days between the day of a purchase transaction and the day on which the 
amount from such purchase is transferred by the applicable bank to the applicable merchant. In August 2021, the Central 
Bank (though increasing the fees that can be charged for ATM usage and commissions that can be collected from the use of 
POS systems) introduced further limits. 
The Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees further sets out standardised fees and caps that are to be charged 
to commercial customers depending upon the category of the applicable product and service. Turkish banks are required to 
apply to the Central Bank to charge any fees or commissions to commercial customers other than those listed under the 
Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees. These limits include (inter alia) limits on fees for electronic funds transfers,

--- Page 209 ---
188 
credit allocation fees, credit underwriting fees and prepayment fees. Banks also are required to accept a commercial 
customer’s request for prepayment of all of such customer’s credit debt (for which prepayment the bank may charge a 
prepayment fee subject to certain limitations under the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees). 
Foreign Currency Restrictions 
F/X Loan Restriction. Decree 32 and the Capital Movements Circular of the Central Bank (the “Capital Movements 
Circular”) were amended, effective as of 2 May 2018, in order to introduce restrictions on Turkish resident legal entities 
utilising foreign currency loans. While this regime maintained the previous prohibition on Turkish individuals utilising 
foreign exchange loans and foreign exchange-indexed loans, it introduced a strict prohibition on Turkish resident non-bank 
legal entities (each a “Corporate Borrower”) utilising foreign currency-indexed loans, imposed restrictions on Corporate 
Borrowers utilising foreign currency loans (the “F/X Loan Restriction”) and provided exemptions relating to a borrower’s 
foreign currency income (the “F/X Income Exemption”) and foreign currency activities (the “Activity Exemption”) and based 
upon the unpaid outstanding balance of a borrower’s total foreign currency loans (the “Loan Balance”). 
As far as the F/X Income Exemption is concerned, if the Loan Balance of a Corporate Borrower is below 
US$15 million, then the sum of the foreign currency loans to be utilised and the existing Loan Balance must not be more than 
the combined value of such Corporate Borrower’s foreign currency income as stated in its financial statements for the last 
three fiscal years. Turkish-resident financial institution lenders are required to control whether a Corporate Borrower 
complies with this rule. In case of any non-compliance with the F/X Loan Restriction rules, Turkish-resident financial 
institution lenders are required either to cancel or convert into Turkish Lira the portion of the foreign currency loans to such 
Corporate Borrower that exceeds this value within 10 business days after the date of determination. The cancelled or 
converted portion of the relevant loans are then deducted from the credit balance of such Corporate Borrower. In case of a 
breach of this obligation, an administrative monetary fine might be imposed. 
In respect of the Activity Exemption, a legal entity must qualify as a public institution, bank, factoring, financial 
leasing or financing company resident in Türkiye in order to utilise foreign currency loans. In the case of Corporate 
Borrowers, the Activity Exemption must relate to an activity performed in the last three fiscal years in the context of, among 
others: (a) a domestic tender with an international element awarded to such Corporate Borrower, (b) defence industry projects 
approved by the Undersecretariat of Defence Industry, (c) public-private partnership projects or (d) an export, transit trade, 
sales and related deliveries subject to the relevant Corporate Borrower certifying the scope of its relevant activity and its 
potential sources of foreign currency incomes (muhtemel döviz geliri). Additionally, loans within the scope of an investment 
incentive certificate also benefit from the Activity Exemption; provided that a Corporate Borrower is required to declare 
whether any foreign currency loan has been previously utilised based upon the same investment incentive certificate and, if 
so, such statement must be accompanied with information on the utilisation date, total amount and intermediary bank. On 
8 December 2020, the Turkish Treasury extended the scope of the Activity Exemption by including foreign currency loans 
made to Turkish-resident legal entities that are shareholders of a Turkish-resident legal entity operating a project established 
as a public-private partnership if the proceeds of such loan are to be added to the capital of such operating company or are to 
be used in the project. On 8 July 2021, the Turkish Treasury limited the scope of the Activity Exemption for foreign currency 
loans for renewable energy generation projects and revised the rules such that both licensed generating plants initiating their 
operations after 1 July 2021 and certain unlicensed generating plants cannot benefit from the Activity Exemption. 
F/X Transaction Restriction. On 13 September 2018, Decree 32 was amended to impose restrictions on the use of, or 
indexing to, foreign currency in the following contracts executed between Persons residing in Türkiye: sale and purchase of 
movable and immovable property, leasing of all kinds of movable and immovable property (including vehicle and financial 
leasing), employment, service and construction contracts. According to such amendments, Turkish residents were required to 
amend any relevant contract so that the contract price and all other payment obligations thereunder were re-determined in 
Turkish Lira within a 30-day transition period (i.e., by 13 October 2018). On 6 October 2018 and 16 November 2018, the 
Turkish Treasury issued an amending communiqué that broadened the scope of, but provided certain exemptions to, these 
restrictions. Among other exemptions, capital market instruments (including any Notes issued directly to Turkish investors, 
subject to restrictions applicable to a resident of Türkiye on directly investing in Notes (or beneficial interests therein) issued 
outside of Türkiye – see “Transfer and Selling Restrictions”) are exempt from these restrictions. Accordingly, the issuance, 
purchase and sale of capital market instruments in accordance with the Capital Markets Law may be denominated in, or 
indexed to, foreign currency.

--- Page 210 ---
189 
In August 2018, the BRSA capped Turkish banks’ exposure under swap, spot and forward transactions with non-
residents of Türkiye (except transactions with such banks’ non-resident financial subsidiaries and other affiliates that are 
subject to consolidation) under which transactions the Turkish bank initially pays Turkish Lira and receives foreign currency 
and, at the maturity date, such bank pays foreign currency and receives Turkish Lira to 25% of a bank’s regulatory capital, 
then reduced this level to 10% in February 2020. On 12 April 2020, as part of the government’s efforts to contain the possible 
adverse effects on the Turkish economy of the global uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the BRSA issued a 
press release announcing that this level was reduced to 1%, which level was then returned to 10% on 25 September 2020. In 
the case of a bank exceeding this level, new transactions may not be executed or renewed until this level (which is calculated 
on a daily basis) is attained. In addition, written approval of the BRSA is required in case there needs to be a cancellation or 
extension of any of these derivatives transactions. 
On 18 December 2019, the BRSA announced that the total notional amount of a Turkish bank’s currency swaps, 
forwards, options and other similar products with non-residents in Türkiye (except transactions with such banks’ non-resident 
financial subsidiaries and other affiliates that are subject to consolidation) with a remaining maturity of seven days or fewer 
where, at the maturity date, such bank pays Turkish Lira and receives foreign exchange shall not exceed 10% of such bank’s 
most recently calculated regulatory capital. With its press release on 12 April 2020, the BRSA amended this threshold by 
announcing that transactions with a remaining maturity of seven days or fewer shall not exceed 1% of the applicable bank’s 
most recently calculated regulatory capital on any given calendar date, which threshold was then returned to 2% on 
25 September 2020 and then increased to 5% on 11 November 2020 (as of such date, a threshold of 10% is applied for 
transactions with a remaining maturity of 30 days or fewer and 30% for transactions with a remaining maturity of one year or 
less). 
Amendments to the Turkish Insolvency and Restructuring Regime 
The Enforcement and Bankruptcy Law No. 2004 prevents a contractual arrangement by which a contractual event of 
default clause is stipulated to be triggered in case any application is made by a Turkish company for debt restructuring upon 
settlement (uzlaşma yoluyla yeniden yapılandırma) within the scope of this law. In addition, changes were introduced to this 
law on 15 March 2018 that (inter alia) states that the contractual termination, default and acceleration clauses of an agreement 
cannot be triggered in case the debtor makes a concordat application and such application shall not constitute a breach of 
such agreement. 
On 15 August 2018, the BRSA published the Regulation on Restructuring of Debts in the Financial Sector (the 
“Restructuring Regulation”), which was amended on 21 November 2018 and 12 September 2019, with a view to regulate a 
financial restructuring opportunity for Turkish companies that have entered into loan transactions with: (a) Turkish banks, (b) 
financial lease, factoring and financing companies, (c) banks and financial institutions established outside Türkiye, (d) 
multilateral banks and institutions that directly invest in Türkiye, (e) special purpose companies established by the foregoing 
institutions for collection of receivables and/or (f) investment funds established as per the Capital Market Law (“Creditor 
Institutions”). The Restructuring Regulation sets forth the procedures and principles on financial restructuring framework 
agreement(s) (the “Framework Agreement”) to be executed amongst the Creditor Institutions. 
Accordingly, implementation of the restructuring for companies that are financially indebted against banks and other 
financial institutions for an outstanding principal amount of TL 25 million or more has been initiated with a framework 
published on the website of the Banks Association of Türkiye on 14 October 2019. On 8 November 2019, implementation of 
a restructuring regime for companies that are financially indebted against banks and other financial institutions for an 
outstanding principal amount of less than TL 25 million was published. On 16 July 2021, the Banks Association of Türkiye 
amended the framework agreement and increased the outstanding principal amount of TL 25 million to TL 100 million. As 
such, certain borrowers of the Bank might apply for restructuring of their debt. 
Credit Guarantee Fund 
The KGF was established pursuant to Decree No. 93/4496 dated 14 July 1993 in order to provide guarantees for 
SMEs and other enterprises, in particular, to those that are not able to obtain bank loans due to their insufficient collateral. In 
order to improve financing possibilities and contribute to the effective operation of the credit system, pursuant to provisional 
Article 20 of the Law regarding the Regulation of Public Financing and Debt Management (Law No. 4749) dated 28 March 
2002, resources up to TL 2 billion could be transferred by the Minister in charge of the Turkish Treasury to the credit 
guarantee institutions. Such amount was increased to TL 25 billion in accordance with the Law No. 6770 dated 18 January

--- Page 211 ---
190 
2017. In addition, pursuant to Decree No. 2016/9538 on Treasury Support to be provided to the Credit Guarantee Institutions 
(published in the Official Gazette No. 29896 and dated 22 November 2016) (as amended), the KGF guarantees are supported 
by the Turkish Treasury. Pursuant to an amendment to such Decree that was published in the Official Gazette dated 30 March 
2020, the Turkish Development and Investment Bank was added among the eligible lenders and natural persons were 
explicitly added as eligible borrowers. On 30 March 2020, an additional TL 25 billion limit was allocated by the government 
under the KGF guarantee in order to address the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, increasing the amount 
available under the KGF programme to TL 185 billion, and the total amount of guarantees that may be given by the KGF was 
increased from TL 250 billion to TL 500 billion (along with increases in the guarantee limits with respect to individual 
borrower groups). On 13 August 2022, the total amount of guarantees that may be given by the KGF was increased from 
TL 500 billion to TL 1 trillion. Additional increases have been implemented that are tailored to specific sectors. 
Pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 162 published in the Official Gazette dated 11 October 2018, loans guaranteed 
by the Turkish Treasury under the KGF programme may be restructured up to 96 months for working capital loans and up to 
156 months for investment loans. Such Presidential Decree also requires lenders to provide an opportunity to borrowers to 
restructure their KGF-guaranteed loans prior to any recourse to the KGF guarantee. 
Turkish Lira Borrowing Restrictions 
On 24 June 2022, the BRSA introduced Turkish Lira borrowing restrictions for non-financial institution companies 
that are subject to independent audit. Pursuant to these restrictions, such companies may only borrow Turkish Lira-
denominated commercial cash loans from Turkish banks and financial leasing, factoring and financing companies subject to 
various restrictions depending upon the amount of their foreign currency assets (including (inter alia) gold, foreign currency 
cash, foreign exchange deposits and foreign currency-denominated securities but excluding foreign currency-denominated 
securities issued by Türkiye itself). 
According to these restrictions, these companies with such foreign currency assets of the equivalent of at least TL 10 
million at the time of loan application are not permitted to receive Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans 
(including swap transactions) from Turkish banks and financial leasing, factoring and financing companies if such foreign 
currency assets exceed 5% of the higher of their total assets and net sales revenue for the most recent financial year. The 
BRSA has, however, provided an exception for companies who are not permitted to borrow Turkish Lira-denominated 
commercial cash loans due to this restriction and foreign currency-denominated loans due to other restrictions imposed by 
applicable laws at the time of the loan application, which companies are permitted to borrow Turkish Lira-denominated 
commercial cash loans in an amount up to the amount of their three month foreign currency net position deficit as declared 
by the company at the time of loan application and then confirmed by the company’s independent auditors or a certified 
public accountant at the end of every three month period. Where any such companies have entities that consolidate into them, 
these calculations are made on a consolidated basis (though disregarding non-Turkish entities). 
Such companies with such foreign currency assets of less than the above-noted amount are permitted to borrow 
Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans; provided that they submit a declaration that: (a) their current foreign 
exchange assets, total assets and net sales revenue for the most recent financial year do not exceed the relevant thresholds at 
the time of the loan application and (b) they undertake that the Turkish Lira equivalent of their foreign exchange assets will 
not exceed such amount (or, if it exceeds such amount, it will not exceed 5% of the higher of their total assets and net sales 
revenue for the last financial year ending during the term of such loan). In addition, such companies must (every three 
months) submit to the lending bank(s) a declaration confirmed by their independent auditor or a certified public accountant 
reaffirming that the above remain true in order to ensure that such bank(s) is/are able to monitor such declaration and 
undertaking. 
Additional Temporary Measures 
In addition to the other temporary measures described above relating to the government’s response to the COVID-19 
pandemic, the BRSA announced on 23 March 2020 (effective until 31 December 2020) and 16 April 2020 certain measures 
to support banks’ calculation of capital adequacy ratios and net foreign currency positions. Pursuant to these rules, banks are 
entitled to: 
(a) use 31 December 2019 exchange rates in certain capital and other calculations, which was then revised 
by the BRSA on 8 December 2020 (and further extended on 17 June 2021 and 16 September 2021) to allow banks to

--- Page 212 ---
191 
use the arithmetic mean of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates during the previous 252 business days 
as of the calculation date until such date as determined by the BRSA (on 21 December 2021, the BRSA announced 
that banks shall (if using this approach) use the average of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates during 
the 252 business days ending on 31 December 2021; on 28 April 2022, the BRSA amended this rule so that, until 
such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 
31 December 2021 in certain capital and other calculations; and on 31 January 2023, the BRSA further amended this 
rule so that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying 
rates as of 30 December 2022 in such calculations), 
(b) calculate the level of capital used in capital adequacy ratio calculations by disregarding through 
31 December 2020 (as per the BRSA’s decision dated 8 December 2020, extended through 30 June 2021) the 
negative net valuation differences related to securities held as of 23 March 2020 in the portfolio of financial assets at 
fair value through other comprehensive income (on 17 June 2021, the BRSA indefinitely suspended the application 
of clause (b) from 30 June 2021, and then, as per its decision dated 21 December 2021, ended the suspension other 
than for the securities whose fair value difference is reflected in other comprehensive income were negative as of 
21 December 2021, for securities after 21 December 2021 whose fair value difference is reflected in other 
comprehensive income, the relevant provisions of the Regulation on Banks’ Equity will continue to be 
implemented), and 
(c) use 0% risk weightings for foreign currency-denominated receivables owed by the centralised 
administration (i.e., Turkish state institutions and other public institutions that do not have a separate legal entity and 
act under the legal entity of the Turkish sovereign) while calculating the amount of exposure subject to credit risk in 
accordance with the standardised approach as determined under the Capital Adequacy Regulation. 
On 27 March 2020, in line with the Economic Stability Shield Package announced by President Erdoğan on 
18 March 2020, the Banks Association of Türkiye issued a press release regarding a new “Check Payment Credit Support” 
and “Economic Stability Shield Credit Support” for banks. These governmental credit supports, pursuant to which banks 
were able to provide loans to corporate, commercial and (in particular) SME clients, had a maturity of 12 months and an 
interest rate of 9.5% per annum and required no principal or interest payments for three months. The maximum credit 
amounts that could be lent by a Turkish bank to a customer under these support programmes was determined based upon 
such customer’s annual turnover. 
On 18 April 2020, the BRSA introduced (and on 30 April 2020 clarified) a new test referred to as the “Asset Ratio,” 
which ratio banks (excluding development and investment banks and banks under the management of the SDIF) were 
originally required to meet (on an unconsolidated basis) on a weekly basis starting from 1 May 2020. The monthly average of 
the Asset Ratio, which was a modified form of a financial assets (e.g., loans and securities) to deposits ratio and was (inter 
alia) intended to measure (and encourage) a bank’s use of deposits for active lending (particularly in Turkish Lira) as 
opposed to investing in securities or other financial assets (particularly in foreign currencies), was not to be lower than 100% 
for deposit-taking banks and 80% for participation banks (which ratios were later reduced to 90% and 70%). Any failure to 
satisfy this minimum level would have subjected the applicable bank to a fine of up to 5% of the shortfall, which fine was not 
to be less than TL 500,000 in any case. As of 24 November 2020, this requirement was eliminated by the BRSA (effective as 
of 31 December 2020) as part of the normalisation process after the initial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
On 22 April 2020, the Central Bank increased from 20% to 30% its limit on the amount of a bank’s swap sales (i.e., 
purchase of a bank’s foreign exchange by the Central Bank in return for Turkish Lira) in relation to such bank’s total foreign 
exchange transaction limits with the Central Bank. In May 2020, the Central Bank gradually increased this limit from 30% to 
50%, which was increased further to 60% on 26 November 2020. These changes were expected to result in an increase in the 
foreign exchange reserves held by the Central Bank while enabling Turkish banks to access additional Turkish Lira funding. 
On 5 May 2020, the BRSA imposed a new requirement that certain Turkish Lira transactions (i.e., Turkish Lira-
denominated placements, loans, deposits and repurchase transactions) performed by a Turkish bank with foreign financial 
institutions, including such Turkish bank’s foreign branches and consolidated foreign subsidiaries regarded as credit 
institutions and financial institutions, are limited to 0.5% (increased to 2.5% as of 30 November 2020) of such Turkish bank’s 
latest calculated shareholders’ equity (as calculated daily on a bank-only basis) as reported to the BRSA on a monthly basis. 
If a Turkish bank exceeds such limit, then such bank is not be allowed to enter into any new such transactions (or renew any 
existing such transactions upon their maturity) until such bank is in compliance with this limit. On 20 May 2020, the BRSA

--- Page 213 ---
192 
declared that any such transactions that clear through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg are not to be included in the 
numerator of such calculation (on 28 July 2020, the BRSA clarified that this exemption will be limited only to the clearing 
activities of securities denominated in Turkish Lira and exempted from the restrictions on access to Turkish Lira swap 
transactions that satisfy certain criteria). On 6 August 2020, the BRSA announced certain exemptions to this restriction in 
favour of foreign financial institutions (other than international development banks) for the following transactions: (a) 
entering into foreign currency swap trades, under which the foreign financial institution buys Turkish Lira in exchange for 
foreign currency at the initial exchange date (i.e., where the foreign bank will sell Turkish Lira at the maturity date), (b) 
entering into swap trades entered into in the Borsa İstanbul foreign exchange swap market, where the foreign bank buys 
Turkish Lira in exchange for foreign currency at the initial exchange date, (c) entering into repo and reverse repo transactions 
in the Borsa İstanbul repo market and (d) holding Turkish Lira- denominated deposits with Turkish banks; provided, in each 
case, that: (i) the foreign financial institution may only invest in Turkish Lira denominated securities with the Turkish Lira 
received as a result of such transactions, and must deposit any excess Turkish Lira liquidity into accounts held with Turkish 
financial institutions, and (ii) the relevant foreign financial institution must give an undertaking to its Turkish counterpart 
with respect to the intended use of Turkish Lira proceeds and obtain the BRSA’s prior approval in this respect. On 
30 November 2020, the BRSA further exempted from this calculation overdraft facilities extended to foreign financial 
institutions. This new measure aims to increase the efficient use of Turkish Lira resources and is expected to be effective until 
the extraordinary conditions that exist due to the COVID-19 pandemic have ceased. 
On 20 June 2020, the Central Bank announced the temporary suspension (until 25 December 2020) of its 
9 December 2019 rule on having adjusted real loan growth rate lower than 15% for banks with an annual real loan growth 
rate higher than 15% in order for such banks to able to benefit from certain reserve requirement incentives. This change 
primarily focused on the increased loan demand of both corporates and individuals, whose cash flows are impacted by the 
COVID-19 pandemic, while aiming to provide banks with flexibility in meeting such loan demand. This rule was then 
permanently repealed on 27 November 2020 as noted in “-Liquidity and Reserve Requirements” above.

--- Page 214 ---
193 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form (with or without interest coupons attached) or registered form 
(without interest coupons attached), in each case either as Global Notes or Definitive Notes. Bearer Notes may (subject to 
certain limited exceptions) be issued only in “offshore transactions” to Persons who are not U.S. persons in reliance upon 
Regulation S and Registered Notes may be issued in “offshore transactions” to Persons who are not U.S. persons in reliance 
upon Regulation S, to Dealers for resale to QIBs in reliance upon Rule 144A or otherwise in transactions that are exempt 
from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global note (a “Temporary Bearer 
Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a “Permanent Bearer Global Note” 
and, with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a “Bearer Global Note”), which, in either case, will: 
(a) if such Bearer Global Notes are issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original Issue Date of such Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and 
(b) if such Bearer Global Notes are not issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be 
delivered on or prior to the original Issue Date of such Tranche to a Common Depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and on all interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections of the Code referred to above provide that United States investors, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons with respect thereto and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Bearer Notes or interest 
coupons. 
Beneficial interests in Notes that are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
NGN Form. Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner that would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility (though, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche in NGN form 
do not comply with certain of the conditions of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria so as to be recognised by the ECB as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem eligibility). Any indication that a Bearer Global Note is to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Temporary Bearer Global Notes. Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, 
payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of such Note due prior to the applicable 
Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of such Temporary Bearer Global Note if such 
Temporary Bearer Global Note is not issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to 
the effect that the owners of beneficial interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or Persons who 
have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or

--- Page 215 ---
194 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has/have given a like certification 
(based upon the certifications it has received) to the Fiscal Agent. 
For any Temporary Bearer Global Note, after the date (the “Exchange Date”) that begins immediately upon the 
expiration of a 40 day period after the later of the commencement of the offering of the applicable Tranche and such 
Tranche’s Issue Date, beneficial interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon 
a request as described therein either for: (a) beneficial interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (b) 
Definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons attached (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such 
certification has already been given; provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to 
receive Definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not be 
entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the applicable Exchange Date unless, 
upon due certification, exchange of such Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or 
for Definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Permanent Bearer Global Notes. Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent 
Bearer Global Note will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation or surrender (as 
the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note (if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification in the manner described in the previous paragraph. 
Exchange from Permanent Bearer Global Notes to Definitive Bearer Notes. The applicable Final Terms of a 
Tranche of Permanent Bearer Global Notes will specify that such Permanent Bearer Global Notes will be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons attached only 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that: (a) an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing with respect to the applicable Series, (b) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, whether statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done 
so and no successor clearing system is available or (c) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences that 
would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the applicable Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form and, 
accordingly, the Issuer has elected to request the exchange of such Permanent Bearer Global Note. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to the applicable Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event described in clause (a) or (b) of the 
definition of Exchange Event in the preceding paragraph, the applicable Clearing System(s) (or any Person acting on their 
respective behalf), acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in the applicable Permanent Bearer Global Note, 
may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting such an exchange. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described in clause (c) of such definition, the Issuer may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting such an exchange. Any 
such exchange will occur no later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant such notice by the Fiscal Agent. 
Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depositary or other 
institution for the purposes of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian law of 
14 December 2005. 
Registered Notes 
The portion of the Registered Notes (or beneficial interests therein) of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance 
upon Regulation S in offshore transactions to Persons other than U.S. persons will initially be represented by a global note in 
registered form (each a “Regulation S Registered Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, by a 
registered note in definitive form (a “Definitive Regulation S Registered Note” and, with each Regulation S Registered Global 
Note, a “Regulation S Registered Note;” the Bearer Notes and Regulation S Registered Notes being, collectively, the 
“Regulation S Notes”). Prior to expiration of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to a 
Tranche of Regulation S Registered Notes, a Regulation S Registered Note (or beneficial interests therein) of such Tranche 
may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person and such Regulation S Registered Note will be 
subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear the applicable restrictive legend described in “Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions.”

--- Page 216 ---
195 
The portion of the Registered Notes (or beneficial interests therein) of each Tranche offered and sold in the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons may only be offered and sold by the Issuer or any Person acting on 
its behalf: (a) to Institutional Accredited Investors who execute and deliver to the Issuer an IAI Investment Letter in which 
they agree to purchase such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) for their own account and not with a view to the 
distribution thereof, (b) to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or (c) in transactions that are otherwise exempt from, or not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional Accredited 
Investors as described in clause (a) will be represented by one or more global note(s) in registered form (each an “IAI Global 
Note”) or in definitive form (each an “IAI Definitive Note” and, with the IAI Global Notes, the “IAI Notes”) and the 
Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs as described in clause (b) will be represented by one or more global note(s) in 
registered form (each a “Rule 144A Global Note” and, with the Regulation S Registered Global Notes and the IAI Global 
Notes, each a “Registered Global Note”). 
Registered Global Notes will either be: (a) deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of, DTC or (b) deposited with: (i) a Common Depositary or (ii) if the Registered Global Notes are to be held under the “new 
safekeeping structure” for registered global securities that are intended to constitute eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy operations (the “NSS”), a Common Safekeeper, in each case, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
and will be registered in the name of a nominee of that Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, 
under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of Definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are to be held under the NSS, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner that would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility (though, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any 
Tranche to be held under the NSS do not comply with certain conditions of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria so as to be 
recognised by the ECB as eligible collateral for Eurosystem eligibility). Any indication that a Registered Global Note is to be 
so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their 
life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for 
Registered Global Notes to be held under the NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Notes of each Tranche sold by the Issuer to U.S. persons who are Institutional Accredited Investors (other than 
through one or more Dealer(s) under Rule 144A) will be Registered Notes in either definitive form (i.e., IAI Definitive 
Notes) or global form (i.e., IAI Global Notes). Unless otherwise set forth in the applicable Final Terms, IAI Notes will be 
issued only in minimum denominations of US$500,000 and integral multiples of US$1,000 in excess thereof (or its 
approximate equivalent in the applicable other Specified Currency at the time of issuance). IAI Notes will be subject to the 
restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear the restrictive legend described in “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
The Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of a Registered Note will, in the absence of provision 
to the contrary, be made in the manner provided in Condition 7 to the Person shown on the Register as the registered holder 
of such Registered Note as of the relevant Record Date. None of the Issuer or any Agent (including the Registrar) will have 
any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial 
ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes (including any payments pursuant to Conditions 7.8 and 7.9) or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Exchange from Registered Global Notes to Definitive Registered Notes. The applicable Final Terms of a Tranche of 
Registered Global Notes will specify that such Registered Global Notes will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but 
(except with respect to clause (a) of the definition of Exchange Event in the next sentence) not in part, for Definitive 
Registered Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that: (a) an 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to the applicable Series, (b) if the applicable Registered Global 
Note is registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to

--- Page 217 ---
196 
continue to act as a depository for such Notes and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute 
a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and no alternative clearing system is available, (c) if the applicable 
Registered Global Note is registered in the name of a nominee for a Common Depositary or, as the case may be, Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
whether statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system is available, or (d) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences that would 
not be suffered were the Notes represented by the applicable Registered Global Note in definitive form and, accordingly, the 
Issuer has elected to request the exchange of such Registered Global Note. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to the applicable Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. In the event of the occurrence of any Exchange Event described in clause (a), (b) or (c) of 
the definition thereof in the preceding paragraph, the applicable Clearing System(s) (or any Person acting on their respective 
behalf), acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in the applicable Registered Global Note, may give notice to 
the Registrar requesting such an exchange. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event specified in clause (d) of 
such definition, the Issuer may give notice to the Registrar requesting such an exchange. Any such exchange will occur no 
later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant such notice by the Registrar. In addition, as set out in the 
preceding paragraph with respect to clause (a) of the definition of Exchange Event therein, a holder of an interest in the 
applicable Registered Global Note credited to such holder’s account with the applicable Clearing System may request that the 
Registrar deliver, on behalf of the Issuer, to such Clearing System, Definitive Registered Notes in exchange for such holder’s 
interest in such Registered Global Note in accordance with the standard operating procedures of such Clearing System. 
Transfer of Interests. Beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable 
restrictions, be transferred to a Person who wishes to hold: (a) such interest in another Registered Global Note other than an 
IAI Global Note or (b) upon the delivery of an IAI Investment Letter, an IAI Note (including an interest in an IAI Global 
Note). IAI Definitive Notes may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions and if there is a Registered Global 
Note for the applicable Series, be transferred to a Person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in such 
Registered Global Note; provided that if such Registered Global Note is an IAI Global Note, then such transferee shall have 
delivered an IAI Investment Letter. No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer 
such interest except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each 
case to the extent applicable. The Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a 
legend regarding such restrictions (see “Transfer and Selling Restrictions”). 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Fiscal Agent will arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued 
that is intended to be consolidated with, and form a single Series with, an existing Tranche of Notes on a date after the Issue 
Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche will (to the extent applicable) be assigned an ISIN, Common 
Code, CUSIP, CINS, CFI Code and/or FISN number that are different from the ISIN, Common Code, CUSIP, CINS, CFI 
Code and/or FISN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as such Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiration of any applicable distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such further Tranche. 
Repayment of the principal of a Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in 
Condition 11. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and such Global Note (or any part 
thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of the applicable Series and payment in full of the 
amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of such Global Note, then, from 8:00 p.m. (London time) 
on the day immediately following the applicable due date, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts 
with a Clearing System will, on the basis of statements of account provided by such Clearing System, become entitled to 
proceed directly against the Issuer on and subject to the terms of the Deed of Covenant. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer or investor that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event (for any listed issuance) a new prospectus or a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available that will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such 
Notes.

--- Page 218 ---
197 
FORM OF APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms that, subject (for any transaction not listed on the Regulated Market) to any 
necessary amendment, will be completed for each Tranche of Notes. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form 
part of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to (and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any EEA Retail Investor in the European Economic Area (the 
“EEA”). For these purposes: (a) “EEA Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”), (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) No. 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 
(as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”), and (b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by 
any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] to be offered so 
as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for such Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)]. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] or otherwise making them available to EEA Retail Investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] or otherwise making them 
available to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA might be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to (and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any UK Retail Investor in the United Kingdom. For these 
purposes: (a) a “UK Retail Investor” means: (i) a client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 
as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the 
“EUWA”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) of 
the United Kingdom and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) No. 2016/97 (as 
amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 (as amended) as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA, and (b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for such Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)]. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] or 
otherwise making them available to UK Retail Investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and, therefore, offering or 
selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] or otherwise making them available to any UK Retail Investor in the 
United Kingdom might be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [each][the] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”)][MiFID II], and (b) all channels for distribution of the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any Person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
[(or beneficial interests therein)] (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s][s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
 
1 
Only applicable where paragraph 8(f)(i) of Part B of the Final Terms is marked as “Applicable.” 
2 
Only applicable where paragraph 8(f)(ii) of Part B of the Final Terms is marked as “Applicable.”

--- Page 219 ---
198 
respect of the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s][s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [each][the] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] is 
only eligible counterparties (as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook) and professional clients (as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended)] (as amended, “UK MiFIR”)), and (b) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] to such eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any Person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s][s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes [(or beneficial interests 
therein)] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s][s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]4 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 
REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE (AS AMENDED, THE “SFA”) 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes [(and beneficial 
interests therein)] to be capital markets products other than: (a) “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and (b) “Excluded Investment Products” (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]5 
 
3 
Delete where: (a) none of the Managers/Dealers are MiFID II investment firms that are manufacturers pursuant to MiFID II for the purposes of the 
offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes, or revise where the relevant manufacturers have determined that an alternative target market is appropriate 
for the offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes (or beneficial interests therein), or (b) this matter is already addressed in the issue-specific prospectus 
for the issue of Notes. If this paragraph is included but the paragraph regarding the PRIIPS Regulation is not included, then include the definition of 
MiFID II in this paragraph. 
4 
Delete where: (a) none of the Managers/Dealers are UK MiFIR investment firms that are manufacturers pursuant to UK MiFIR for the purposes of the 
offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes, or revise where the relevant manufacturers have determined that an alternative target market is appropriate 
for the offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes (or beneficial interests therein), or (b) this matter is already addressed in the issue-specific prospectus 
for the issue of Notes. 
5 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes (and, if applicable, beneficial interests therein): (a) do not constitute prescribed capital 
markets products as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018 and (b) will be offered in Singapore.

--- Page 220 ---
199 
FINAL TERMS 
[Date] 
TÜRKİYE VAKIFLAR BANKASI T.A.O. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 789000KAIHOLSQKQ9858 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the “Notes”) 
under the US$7,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 23 June 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]], 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus [for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation] [Regulation (EU) 
No. 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”)]]6 (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]6 and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]7 [has/have] 
been published on the Issuer’s website ([insert website address]) [and these Final Terms have been [made available in printed 
form at the registered address of the Issuer at [insert address][, at the offices of [insert the name of the financial 
intermediar(ies)] at [insert address] [and [insert address], respectively,]] and at the offices of the Fiscal Agent at [insert 
address]]/[published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin]. 
[The following alternative language for the preceding paragraph applies if the first Tranche of Notes of a Series 
that is being increased was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [date of the relevant previous base prospectus] [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] (the “Original Base Prospectus”) that [is][are] incorporated by reference into 
the base prospectus dated 23 June 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]], which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus [for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation][Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”)]]6 (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]6 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, including 
the Conditions in the Original Base Prospectus incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. The Base Prospectus, the Original Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]7 have been published on the 
Issuer’s website ([insert website address]) and these Final Terms have been [made available in printed form at the [registered 
address of the Issuer at [insert address]][offices of [insert the name of the financial intermediar(ies)] at [insert address] [and 
[insert address], respectively,]] and at the offices of the Fiscal Agent at [insert address]]/[published on the website of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable.” Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the 
paragraphs that are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, then their minimum denomination 
must be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
6 
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances in which a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
7 
The Final Terms should be published in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation for Notes to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area.

--- Page 221 ---
200 
1. 
Issuer: 
Türkiye Vakıflar Bankası T.A.O. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number:  
[●] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the 
Notes 
will 
be 
consolidated and form 
a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Bearer Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 23 below, 
which is expected to occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount 
immediately after issuance of 
this Tranche: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Tranche [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified 
Denomination(s):
[●][ and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof] 
 
 
 
(NB: Notes must have a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent).) 
 
 
 
(Note – for Notes in bearer form, where multiple denominations above [€100,000] 
or equivalent are being used, the following sample wording should be followed: 
 
 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].”) 
 
 
 
(NB: Where a Temporary Bearer Global Note or a Permanent Bearer Global Note 
is, in each case, exchangeable for Definitive Notes, Definitive Notes must only be 
issued with a denomination equal to, or greater than, €100,000 (or equivalent) and 
integral multiples thereof.) 
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
[for Definitive Notes 
(in 
relation 
to 
the 
calculation of interest 
for Global Notes, see 
the Conditions)]: 
[●] (the “Calculation Amount”) 
(If only one Specified Denomination, then insert the Specified Denomination. If 
more than one Specified Denomination, insert the highest common factor. Note: 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Interest 
Commencement Date: 
[Specify][Issue Date][Not Applicable] 
(NB: An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for certain Notes, for 
example Zero Coupon Notes.)

--- Page 222 ---
201 
 
(c) 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
(NB: Trade Date is included as a mandatory settlement field required by the 
International Central Securities Depositaries.) 
8. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest Payment Date [falling in][nearest 
to][specify month and year]]8 
9. 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. per annum Fixed Rate] 
[[SONIA - Compounded Daily SONIA][SONIA - Compounded Index Rate][SOFR 
Index 
Rate 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift][Compounded 
SOFR 
with 
Lookback][Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift][Compounded SOFR 
with 
Payment 
Delay][TLREF][[●] 
[month] 
EURIBOR/ROBOR/PRIBOR/ 
HIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/WIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR] 
+/- 
[●] per cent. 
per annum 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
 
(see further particulars in paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. 
 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [●] per cent. of their nominal amount 
11. 
 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date up to (but 
excluding) [●], paragraph [14/15] below applies, and, for the period from (and 
including) [●] up to (and including) the Maturity Date, paragraph [14/15] below 
applies][Not Applicable] 
12. 
 
Put/Call Options:  
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(see further particulars in paragraph [18/19/20] below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(b) 
Date Board approval 
for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(NB: Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular Tranche of Notes.) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on [the/each] Interest Payment Date (the 
“Interest Rate”) 
 
8 
For Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes and Modified Fixed Rate Notes where Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment, it 
will be necessary to use the second option here.

--- Page 223 ---
202 
 
(b) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date/[specify other]9 
 
 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons. In the case of Modified 
Fixed Rate Notes, insert regular interest payment dates and also complete 
paragraph (g) below as applicable. Paragraph (g) is not relevant to Fixed Rate 
Notes where Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are not subject to adjustment 
and either: (i) a customary Following Business Day Convention is to apply in 
accordance with Condition 7.6 to any date for payment that is not a Payment 
Business Day or (ii) such payment dates are not otherwise to be subject to 
adjustment by reference to any other Business Day Convention.) 
 
(c) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s) 
[for 
Definitive Notes (in 
relation 
to 
Global 
Notes, 
see 
the 
Conditions)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only to Notes initially issued in definitive form. Not applicable to 
Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes and Modified Fixed Rate Notes where 
Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment.) 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) [for 
Definitive Notes (in 
relation 
to 
Global 
Notes, 
see 
the 
Conditions)]:
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[●]][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Applicable only to Notes initially issued in definitive form. Not applicable to 
Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes and Modified Fixed Rate Notes where 
Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment.) 
(e)
[Day Count Fraction:
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)][Actual/360]
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]]10 
 
 
 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Modified Fixed Rate Notes.) 
 
(f) 
[Determination 
Date(s):
[[●] in each year][Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, 
insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon.) 
 
9 
For certain Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes, Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment and the following proviso 
should be added: “; provided that if any Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.” 
10 
Applicable to Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 224 ---
203 
 
(g) 
Modified Fixed Rate 
Notes:
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Modified Fixed Rate Notes are Fixed Rate Notes: (i) the terms of which provide for 
Interest Periods and Interest Amounts to be subject to adjustment or (ii) for which 
Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are not subject to adjustment but a specified 
Payment Business Day Convention (other than the Following Business Day 
Convention) is to apply to any date for payment that is not a Payment Business Day. 
If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest 
Periods 
and 
Interest 
Amounts 
subject 
to 
adjustment: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified Following Business Day 
Convention][Preceding Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Only applicable where Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are subject to 
adjustment.) 
 
 
(iii) 
Specified 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are subject to 
adjustment. This paragraph relates to Interest Period end dates and not the date of 
payment, to which sub-paragraph (vi) below relates.) 
 
 
(iv) 
Day Count 
Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(v) 
Payment 
Business Day 
Convention:
[Modified Following Business Day Convention][Preceding Business Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Only applicable where Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are not subject to 
adjustment and a specified Payment Business Day Convention (other than the 
Following Business Day Convention) is to apply to any date for payment that is not 
a Payment Business Day.) 
 
 
(vi) 
Specified 
Financial 
Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Only applicable if a Payment Business Day Convention is specified in sub-
paragraph 14(g)(v). Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment and not 
Interest Period end dates, to which sub-paragraph (iii) above relates.)

--- Page 225 ---
204 
15. 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions:
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates:
[●][, not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in sub-paragraph (b) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest Payment Dates may not be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention in the case of Modified 
Floating Rate Notes. In these circumstances only, paragraph (m) below will be 
applicable. In the case of Notes using Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay, 
follow the definition of “Interest Payment Date” in Condition 6.2(b)(viii).) 
 
(b) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention][Following Business Day Convention][Modified 
Following Business Day Convention][Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable]11 
 
 
 
(Complete unless paragraph (m) below is applicable. See note to paragraph (a) 
above for guidance.) 
 
(c) 
Specified 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[●][Not Applicable]12 
 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to Interest Period end dates and not the date of 
payment, to which paragraph 24 relates. Complete unless paragraph (m) below is 
applicable. See note to paragraph (a) above for guidance.) 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the 
Interest 
Rate 
and 
Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Interest 
Rate 
and 
Interest 
Amount (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[● (the “Calculation Agent”)][Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
● 
Reference 
Rate: 
[SONIA][SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period Shift][Compounded SOFR 
with Lookback][Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift][Compounded 
SOFR 
with 
Payment 
Delay][TLREF][[●] 
[month] 
EURIBOR/ROBOR/ 
PRIBOR/HIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/WIBOR/CNH HIBOR] 
 
11 
Only not applicable in the case of Modified Floating Rate Notes. 
12 
In addition to certain other circumstances, not applicable in the case of Modified Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 226 ---
205 
 
 
● 
Specified 
Time:
[●] 
 
 
 
(11:00 a.m. in the case of SONIA, EURIBOR, ROBOR, PRIBOR, SIBOR, WIBOR 
and HIBOR, 11:15 a.m. in the case of CNH HIBOR, 12:00 noon in the case of 
NIBOR and 3:00 p.m. in the case of SOFR.) 
 
 
● 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London][Brussels][New York City][Bucharest][Prague][Hong Kong][Singapore] 
[Oslo][Warsaw][●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(The Relevant Financial Centre will customarily be Brussels for EURIBOR, 
Bucharest for ROBOR, Prague for PRIBOR, Hong Kong for HIBOR and CNH 
HIBOR, Singapore for SIBOR, Oslo for NIBOR, Warsaw for WIBOR and New York 
City for SOFR.) 
 
 
● 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[●] 
 
 
 
(The second day on which the T2 System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR, the second TLREF Business Day prior to the day on which the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period ends if TLREF, the second Bucharest business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if ROBOR, the second Prague business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if PRIBOR, the first day of each Interest 
Period if HIBOR, the second Singapore business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if SIBOR, the second Oslo business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if NIBOR, the second Warsaw business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if WIBOR, the second Hong Kong business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if CNH HIBOR, the fifth London Banking Day prior to the day 
on which the relevant Interest Period ends (but that by its definition is excluded from 
the Interest Period) if SONIA and where the Calculation Method is Compounded 
Daily SONIA or, in the case of SONIA where the Calculation Method is 
Compounded Index Rate, the Relevant Number specified below, the fifth (or such 
other period as specified in the applicable Final Terms) U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the related Interest Payment Date for SOFR Index Rate with 
Observation Period Shift, Compounded SOFR with Lookback and Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift and, for Compounded SOFR with Payment 
Delay, the Interest Accrual Period End Date and the end of each Interest Accrual 
Period; provided that the Interest Determination Date with respect to the final 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the Rate Cut-Off Date.) 
 
 
● 
Lookback 
Number 
of 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Lookback) 
 
 
● 
Observation 
Period Days: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days][Not Applicable] 
(The number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date 
in the Interest Period and the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period for the 
definition of “Observation Period” in Condition 6.2(b)(v).) (applicable for SOFR 
Index Rate with Observation Period Shift and Compounded SOFR with Observation 
Period Shift)

--- Page 227 ---
206 
 
 
● 
SOFR Index 
Start Date: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days][Not Applicable] 
(The number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date 
of the applicable Interest Period for the definition of “SOFR IndexStart” in 
Condition 6.2(b)(v).) (applicable for SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period 
Shift if to differ from the number of days set out in such definition) 
 
 
● 
SOFR Index 
End Date: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days][Not Applicable] 
(The number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for the applicable Interest Period for the definition of “SOFR 
IndexEnd” in Condition 6.2(b)(v).) (applicable for SOFR Index Rate with 
Observation Period Shift if to differ from the number of days set out in such 
definition) 
 
 
● 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period 
End 
Dates: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay) 
 
 
● 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period: 
[quarterly][semi-annually][other][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay) 
 
 
● 
Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay) 
 
 
● 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, then ensure it is a page that 
shows a composite rate or amend the fallback provisions appropriately.) 
 
 
● 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Compounded Daily SONIA][Compounded Index Rate][SOFR Index Rate with 
Observation Period Shift][Compounded SOFR with Lookback][Compounded SOFR 
with Observation Period Shift][Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay][Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
● 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag][Shift][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA and apply the 
Calculation Method of Compounded Daily SONIA – see above) 
 
 
● 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index: 
[  ][Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, include definition of SONIA Compounded Index specifying any 
Relevant Screen Page and its time of publication and including definition of the 
Relevant Screen Page) (Only relevant to Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA 
and specify “Not Applicable” under Observation Method above)

--- Page 228 ---
207 
 
 
● 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[[●] London Banking Days][Not Applicable]13 
(Only relevant to SONIA where Compounded Daily SONIA is specified as the 
Calculation Method) 
(NB: A minimum of five London Banking Days should be specified unless otherwise 
agreed with the Fiscal Agent (or such other Person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Interest Rate).) 
 
 
● 
Relevant 
Number: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant to SONIA where the Calculation Method is Compounded Index Rate. 
If the Fiscal Agent is also the Calculation Agent, then the Relevant Number shall not 
be less than “5” unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent.) 
 
 
● 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation
Provisions 
Applicable: 
Condition 6.7(II) is [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR. If marked as “Not 
Applicable,” then the provisions of Condition 6.7(I) will apply to the Notes. Specify 
“Not Applicable” for all Floating Rate Notes referencing a benchmark other than 
SOFR.) 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
● 
ISDA 
Definitions:
[2006 ISDA Definitions][2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
 
[NB: Certain fallback events and fallback triggers applicable to some, or in one 
instance all, relevant interest rates under the 2021 ISDA Definitions (i.e. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event,” “Generic Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent 
Alternative Rate Determination”) are not workable in a note issuance context 
without amendments to the Conditions to disapply those provisions and/or to include 
bespoke replacement provisions (and consequential amendments to the pro forma 
Final Terms). The additional amendments may be included in a drawdown 
prospectus at the point of issue.] 
 
 
● 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[●] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, then ensure this is a Floating Rate Option 
included in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions).) 
 
 
● 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the relevant Floating Rate 
Option is a risk-free rate.) 
 
13 Only relevant for SONIA Reference Rate

--- Page 229 ---
208 
 
 
● 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR-based option, the first day of the Interest Period.) 
(NB: The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA Determination under the ISDA 
Definitions are reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations 
for EURIBOR, which, depending upon market circumstances, might not be available 
at the relevant time.) 
 
 
● 
Compounding:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the following row.) 
 
 
● 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift Business Days]/ /[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: 
[[●] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
 
● 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the following row.) 
 
 
● 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]

--- Page 230 ---
209 
 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: 
[[●] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
 
● 
Index 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the following row.) 
 
 
● 
Index Method:
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable – the Interest Rate for the [long/short] [first/last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation [and [●] shall be the 
Calculation Agent for these purposes] (specify for each short or long interest period 
and, if the Calculation Agent is to be an entity other than the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 6.2(e), then specify here the name of the Calculation Agent)] 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Interest 
Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Maximum Interest 
Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(l)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 231 ---
210 
 
(m) 
2021 ISDA 
Definitions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Notes for which ISDA Determination is specified as 
being applicable in subparagraph 15(g) above) 
 
 
(i) 
Applicable 
Benchmark: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Fixing Date: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixing Time: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) 
Any other 
terms relating 
to the 2021 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(n) 
Modified Floating Rate 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
 
(i) 
Payment 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified Following Business Day 
Convention][Preceding Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Specified 
Financial 
Centre(s): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
16. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice periods for 
Condition 8.2: 
Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●]

--- Page 232 ---
211 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(d)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [●] days
 
 
Maximum period: [●] days 
 
 
(NB: When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities 
of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which, in the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, require a minimum 
of five clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well as 
any other notice requirements that may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar.) 
19. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
(c)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [●] days
 
 
 
Maximum period: [●] days 
 
 
 
(NB: When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities 
of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which, in the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, require a minimum 
of 15 clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements that may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar.) 
20. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
(b)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [●] days
 
 
 
Maximum period: [●] days

--- Page 233 ---
212 
 
 
 
(NB: When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities 
of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements that may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered 
Notes, the Registrar.) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
(a) 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global Note 
that is exchangeable for Definitive Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on and after the 
Exchange Date] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event] 
 
 
 
[Definitive Bearer Notes] 
 
 
 
[Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered: (i) in Belgium, except to a clearing 
system, a depositary or other institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005, or (ii) in the 
United States of America.]] 
 
 
 
(NB: The option for an issue of Notes to be represented on issue by a Temporary 
Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].”) 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
 
[Regulation S Registered Global Note(s) registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC][a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg][a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for 
Definitive Registered Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event] 
 
 
 
[Rule 144A Global Note(s) registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC][a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg][a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for Definitive 
Registered Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event] 
 
 
 
[Definitive Regulation S Registered Notes]

--- Page 234 ---
213 
 
 
 
[Rule 144A Definitive Registered Notes] 
 
 
 
[IAI Definitive Notes] 
 
 
 
[IAI Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC][a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg][a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for Definitive Registered 
Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event]] 
 
 
 
(NB: In the case of an issue with more than one Global Note or a combination of 
one or more Bearer Global Note(s) and IAI Definitive Note(s), specify the nominal 
amounts of each Global Note and, if applicable, the aggregate nominal amount of 
all IAI Definitive Notes if such information is available.) 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
24. 
Specified Financial Centre(s): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment and not the end dates of 
Interest Periods for the purpose of calculating the Interest Amount, to which sub-
paragraph 15(c) relates. Delete this paragraph if sub-paragraphs 14(g)(vi) or 
15(m)(ii) are completed.) 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to 
be attached to Definitive 
Notes: 
(Relevant to Definitive Bearer 
Notes only) 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, Talons may be required if, 
on exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made.][No] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO TURKISH LIRA NOTES 
26. 
USD Payment Election: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only applicable for Notes the Specified Currency of which is Turkish Lira.) 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO RMB NOTES 
27. 
RMB Currency Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(a) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Spot 
Rate: 
[[●] (the “Calculation Agent”)] 
 
(b) 
RMB Settlement 
Centre(s): 
[●][Not Applicable]

--- Page 235 ---
214 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
The description[s of the ratings in sub-paragraph 2 of Part B of these Final Terms] [and] [other relevant third party 
information] [has/have] been extracted from [the websites of [name(s) of rating agency(ies)] [and] [specify source]]. The 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [name(s) of rating agency(ies)] [and] [specify source], no facts have been omitted that would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of 
Türkiye Vakıflar Bankası T.A.O.: 
By: ................................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
 
By: ..................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 236 ---
215 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(a) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the official list and to trading on 
the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [●][; however, no assurance can be given that 
such application will be accepted].][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(When documenting an issue of Notes that is to be consolidated and to 
form a single Series with a previous listed issue, it should be indicated 
here that the original Notes are already listed and admitted to trading.) 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Initial ratings: 
[The Notes [have been][are expected to be] initially rated “[●]” by [●] 
[and “[●]” by [●]].][The following rating[s] reflect[s] ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally: “[●]” by [●] 
[and “[●]” by [●]].][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the 
type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the Notes to 
be issued have been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
(The below additional disclosure in respect of the relevant credit rating 
agency(ies) is only required in Final Terms for Notes that are to be 
admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market.) 
 
 
[Need to include here a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
 
 
[Each of [insert legal name of credit rating agency(ies)] is established in 
the [European Union/United Kingdom] and is registered under 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009[ as it forms part of United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the “[UK] CRA Regulation”)].] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is established in the 
[European Union/United Kingdom] and is not registered under 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009[ as it forms part of United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the “[UK] CRA Regulation”)].] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not established in the 
[European Union][ or][ the United Kingdom] but the rating it has given 
to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the [European Union][ and ][United Kingdom] 
and is registered under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009[ as it forms part 
of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the “[UK] 
CRA Regulation”)].]

--- Page 237 ---
216 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union or the United Kingdom but is certified under 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009[ as it forms part of United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the “[UK] CRA Regulation”)].] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union or the United Kingdom and is not certified under 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”) or the CRA 
Regulation as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA] (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union or the United Kingdom and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Except for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], as far as the Issuer is 
aware, no Person involved in the issue of the Notes has any interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material 
to the offer of the Notes. The [Managers/Dealers] and/or [its/their] [respective] affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. - Amend as appropriate if there are 
other interests]. 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
The yield is calculated as of the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. 
It is not an indication of future yield. 
5. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
 
Details of historic [SONIA/SOFR/EURIBOR/TLREF/ROBOR/PRIBOR/HIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/ WIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters] at [●]. 
6. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION (Floating Rate Notes only)14 
 
The below is provided in connection with the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) of 
8 June 2016 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). 
 
(a) 
Name 
of 
“benchmark 
administrator” as described in 
the Benchmarks Regulation: 
[SONIA/SOFR/EURIBOR/TLREF/ROBOR/PRIBOR/HIBOR/SIBOR/NI
BOR/WIBOR/CNH HIBOR] is provided by [administrator legal name] 
 
(b) 
Such 
“benchmark 
administrator” appears on the 
register 
of 
administrators 
maintained 
pursuant 
to 
[As of the date hereof, [administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not 
appear] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
 
14 Include this Item 6 only for Final Terms for Floating Rate Notes admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market.

--- Page 238 ---
217 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation: 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply such that such benchmark administrator is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside of the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).][As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the [Bank of England][Federal Reserve Bank of New York] as 
benchmark administrator of [SONIA][SOFR] does not fall within the 
scope of the Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that 
regulation and is not required to appear on the register of administrators 
maintained pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.]][Not 
Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
CUSIP: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(In the case of Notes using Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay, as 
DTC does not support such Notes in its “MMI” programme, a non-MMI 
CUSIP would need to be obtained in order to settle via DTC.) 
 
(d) 
CINS: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
CFI Code: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN][Not Applicable][Not Available] 
 
(f) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN][Not Applicable][Not Available] 
(If the CFI Code and/or FISN is not required or requested as of the 
completion of the Final Terms, then it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable,” but if it/they is/are not available as of the completion of the 
Final Terms, then it/they should be specified to be “Not Available.”) 
 
(g) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Depository 
Trust 
Company, 
Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable][give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(h) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(i) 
Name(s) and address(es) of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Deemed delivery of clearing 
system notices for the purposes 
[Any notice delivered to Noteholders of Notes held through a clearing 
system will be deemed to have been given on the [first/second] [business]

--- Page 239 ---
218 
of Condition 15: 
day after the day on which it was given to the relevant clearing 
system.][Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner 
that 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the International Central 
Securities Depositaries[ (the “ICSDs”)] as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper)] [include this text for Registered Notes that are to 
be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of these Final 
Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future 
such that the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the International Central Securities Depositaries[ 
(the “ICSDs”)] as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] [include 
this text for Registered Notes that are to be held under the NSS]. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable][give name(s)] 
 
(c) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable][give name(s)] 
 
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable][give name] 
 
(e) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2][Rule 144A][Section 4(a)(2)] [Rules 
identical to those provided in [TEFRA C][TEFRA D] applicable] 
[TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(f) 
(i) Prohibition of sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products pursuant to 
the PRIIPS Regulation, then “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes might constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared, then “Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
 
(ii) Prohibition of sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products pursuant to

--- Page 240 ---
219 
the UK PRIIPS Regulation, then “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes might constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared, then “Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
(g) 
Prohibition of sales to Belgian 
consumers: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(NB: advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before disapplying this 
selling restriction.) 
9. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER[ 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
PROCEEDS] 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes[, the estimated amount of 
which net proceeds is [●],]15 will [(or, as of the Issue Date, are intended 
to)] be applied by (or an equal amount will be applied by) the Issuer for 
[Eligible Green Loans][ and/or ][Eligible Social Loans] (in accordance 
with the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework) and such Notes will 
therefore 
be 
[Sustainability 
Notes 
- 
[Green 
Bonds][Social 
Bonds][Sustainability Bonds]]][its general corporate purposes][●]. 
[See “Use of Proceeds” and “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the 
Structure of the Notes - Sustainability Notes” in the Base Prospectus.] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus. If the reason for the 
offer is different from Sustainability Notes or general corporate 
purposes, then such specific reason will need to be included here.) 
 
 
 
15 Include only for Final Terms for Notes admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market.

--- Page 241 ---
220 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that, unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) at the time of issue, will be incorporated by reference into, or be attached to, each 
Global Note and Definitive Note (each as defined below), in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange 
or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) at the time of issue but, 
if not so permitted and agreed, such Definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and 
Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
Global Note and Definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Form of Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the 
content of the Final Terms, which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Türkiye Vakıflar Bankası T.A.O. (the “Issuer”) 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References to “Notes” in these Terms and Conditions (these “Conditions”) shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be references to the Notes of this Series and mean: (a) in relation to any Notes represented by a global note (a 
“Global Note”), such Global Note or any nominal amount thereof of a Specified Denomination, whether such Global Note is 
in bearer form (a “Global Bearer Note”) or registered form (a “Registered Global Note”), and (b) in relation to any definitive 
Notes in bearer form (the “Definitive Bearer Notes” and, with Global Bearer Notes, the “Bearer Notes”) or registered form 
(the “Definitive Registered Notes” and, with Definitive Bearer Notes, the “Definitive Notes”) (Definitive Registered Notes 
and Registered Global Notes being collectively the “Registered Notes”), such definitive Notes in bearer or, as the case may 
be, registered form. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 
23 June 2023 (such agreement as further amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) 
and made among the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as issuing and principal paying agent and agent 
bank (the “Fiscal Agent,” which expression shall include any successor fiscal agent) and the other paying agents named 
therein (with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents,” which expression shall include any additional or successor paying 
agents), The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch, as exchange agent (the “Exchange Agent,” which expression 
shall include any successor exchange agent), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the 
“Registrar,” which expression shall include any successor registrar) and a transfer agent and the other transfer agents named 
therein (with the Registrar, the “Transfer Agents,” which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer 
agents). 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will also appoint a calculation agent with respect to a Series 
of Notes (the “Calculation Agent,” which expression shall include any successor calculation agent and any other calculation 
agent specified in such Final Terms). 
Interest-bearing Definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”). In addition, interest-bearing Definitive 
Bearer Notes that, when issued, have more than 27 interest payments remaining have talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a 
reference to Talons. Registered Notes and Bearer Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached to 
or endorsed on this Note and complete these Conditions. References to the “applicable Final Terms” are, unless otherwise 
stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.  
Any reference to a “Noteholder” or “holder” in relation to a Note means: (a) in the case of a Bearer Note, the holder 
of such Note, and (b) in the case of a Registered Note, the Person(s) (as defined below) in whose name such Note is 
registered in the Register (as defined below), and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as 
provided below. Any reference herein to a “Couponholder” means the holder of a Coupon and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holder of the related Talon(s).

--- Page 242 ---
221 
As used herein, “Tranche” means an issue of Notes using the same Final Terms and that are identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading); provided that such may have different principal amounts, holder(s), serial 
numbers and (if applicable) securities codes, and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any other Tranche(s) of 
Notes: (a) that are expressed in the applicable Final Terms to be consolidated and form a single series with one or more 
previous Tranche(s) and (b) the terms and conditions of which are identical in all respects except for their respective issue 
dates (each an “Issue Date”), Tranche number, date of consolidation with one or more other Tranche(s), principal amounts, 
Interest Commencement Dates (unless this is a Zero Coupon Note) and Issue Prices, each as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 2 May 2018 and 
made by the Issuer (such deed as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”). The 
original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, a deed poll dated 2 May 2018 and made by the Issuer (such deed poll as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed Poll”), the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms of 
the applicable Tranche of Notes may be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Fiscal 
Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent and the other Transfer Agents (such agents being together 
referred to as the “Agents”) by any Noteholder or Couponholder that produces evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes or Coupons, as applicable, and identity. The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, 
the Deed Poll, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms. The statements in these Conditions include summaries 
of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same 
meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, 
in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms 
shall prevail. 
In these Conditions: (a) “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, and (b) “Renminbi” and 
“RMB” refer to the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), which (for the purposes of these 
Conditions) excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macao Special Administration Region 
of the PRC and Taiwan. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: (a) the term “law” shall (unless the context otherwise requires) be deemed to 
include legislation, regulations and other legal requirements and (b) unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law 
(including a provision of a law) is a reference to that law (or provision) as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes are either Bearer Notes or Registered Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be numbered 
serially with an identifying number that the Issuer will procure to be recorded on the relevant Note and, in the case 
of Registered Notes, in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar outside of the 
United Kingdom (the “Register”) and shall be in the Specified Currency and Specified Denomination, in each case, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Definitive Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Definitive Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged 
for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to the Turkish Commercial Code (Law No. 6102), the Capital Markets Law (Law 
No. 6362) of the Republic of Türkiye (“Türkiye”) and the Communiqué on Debt Instruments No. VII-128.8 issued 
by the Turkish Capital Markets Board (in Turkish: Sermaye Piyasası Kurulu) (the “CMB”).

--- Page 243 ---
222 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the “Interest Basis” specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached unless they are Zero Coupon Notes, in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. 
1.2 
Title to the Notes 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the Registered 
Notes will pass upon registration of transfer in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer 
and each of the Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not any payment 
on such Note is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest or any writing on, or 
the theft or loss of, such Note) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the following paragraphs of this Condition 1.2. 
For so long as Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or its nominee is the registered holder of a Registered Global 
Note, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner and holder of the Notes 
represented by such Registered Global Note for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and such Notes except to 
the extent that in accordance with DTC’s published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by 
its participants or beneficial owners through DTC’s participants. The expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of 
Notes” and related expressions shall, for the purposes of any such Registered Global Note, be construed accordingly. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note deposited with and, in the case of a Registered 
Global Note, registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary or a common safekeeper, as the case 
may be, for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each Person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any such nominee, common depositary or common safekeeper) who is for the time being shown in 
the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular principal 
amount of such Global Note (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, as to the principal amount of such Global Note standing to the account of any 
Person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes except in the case of manifest or proven error) shall, upon 
receipt of such certificate or other document by the Issuer or an Agent, be treated by the Issuer or such Agent (as 
applicable) as if such Person were the holder of such principal amount of such Notes (and the bearer or registered 
holder of such Global Note shall be deemed not to be the holder) for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal, interest or other amounts on such Global Note, for which purpose the bearer of such Bearer 
Global Note or the registered holder of such Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and each Agent as 
the holder of such principal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of such Global Note; 
it being understood that, with respect to any beneficial interests held by (or on behalf of) Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg in a Registered Global Note held by DTC or a nominee thereof, the rules of the preceding 
paragraph shall apply. The expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall, for the 
purposes of any Global Note described in this paragraph, be construed accordingly. 
Notes that are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for 
the time being of the applicable clearing system. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of Beneficial Interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and (in turn) by direct and (if appropriate) indirect participants in such clearing 
systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such beneficial interests. A beneficial interest in a 
Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be 
transferable for a Definitive Note of the same Series or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of 
the same Series, in each case, only in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms (and

--- Page 244 ---
223 
provided that the outstanding principal balance of such beneficial interest of the transferor not so transferred is an 
amount of at least the minimum Specified Denomination) and only in accordance with the then-applicable rules and 
operating procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with 
the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement, the relevant Registered Global Note and/or the 
applicable Final Terms. Transfers of a Registered Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be 
limited to transfers of such Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a 
successor of DTC or such successor’s nominee. 
2.2 
Transfers of Definitive Registered Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2.4, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency 
Agreement, a Definitive Registered Note may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denomination(s) 
set out in the applicable Final Terms) (and provided that, if transferred in part, the outstanding principal balance of 
such Definitive Registered Note not so transferred is an amount of at least the minimum Specified Denomination). 
In order to effect any such transfer: (a) the holder(s) must: (i) surrender such Definitive Registered Note for 
registration of the transfer thereof (or of the relevant part thereof) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with 
the form of transfer thereon duly executed by such holder(s) (or by one or more attorney(s) duly authorised in 
writing therefor), and (ii) complete and deliver such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer 
Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of 
title and the identity of the Person(s) making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such additional 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations 
being set out in the Agency Agreement). 
Subject as provided in the preceding paragraph, the relevant Transfer Agent will promptly (and, in any event, within 
three business days (being for this purpose a day on which commercial banks are open for business in the city where 
the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located)) after its receipt of such a request (or such longer 
period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws), authenticate (or procure the 
authentication of) and: (x) deliver, or procure the delivery of, at its specified office to the specified transferee or (y) 
if so requested by the specified transferee (and then at the risk of such transferee), send by uninsured mail (to such 
address as such transferee may request) a new Definitive Registered Note of a like aggregate principal amount to the 
Definitive Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Definitive Registered Note) being transferred. 
In the case of the transfer of part only of a Definitive Registered Note, a new Definitive Registered Note in respect 
of the balance of the Definitive Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (if so 
requested by the transferor, and then at the risk of such transferor) sent by uninsured mail (to such transferor’s 
address in the Register) to such transferor. No transfer of a Definitive Registered Note (or a portion thereof) will be 
valid unless and until entered in the Register. 
2.3 
Costs of Registration 
Noteholders will not be charged by the Issuer or any of the Agents for any costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer of Notes in the Register as provided in this Condition 2, except for any costs or expenses of 
delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer and/or any Agent may require the payment 
of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration and/or transfer. 
2.4 
Noteholder Establishment of Clearing of a Definitive Registered Note 
For so long as any Notes of a Series are represented by a Registered Global Note, a holder of a Definitive Registered 
Note of the same Series may (to the extent that it has established settlement through DTC, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) exchange such Definitive Registered Note for interests in the relevant Registered Global 
Note of the same Series at any time.

--- Page 245 ---
224 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and Coupons (and claims for payment by the Issuer in respect thereof) are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject as 
provided above) rank and will rank pari passu without any preference or priority among themselves and with all 
other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of 
insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or similar event relating to the Issuer, only to the extent permitted by applicable 
laws relating to creditors’ rights. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note of this Series remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or have outstanding any mortgage, 
charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a “Security Interest”) upon, or with respect to, any of its present 
or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness unless the Issuer, in the case of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in 
any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes of this Series are secured by the Security Interest equally and 
rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness, 
(b) 
such Security Interest is terminated, 
(c) 
such other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a Security Interest) is provided for the 
benefit of the Noteholders as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of this Series, 
or 
(d) 
such Security Interest is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of this 
Series. 
Nothing in this Condition 4.1 shall prevent the Issuer from creating or permitting to subsist any Security Interest 
upon, or with respect to, any present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled 
capital) or any part thereof that is created pursuant to: (i) a bond, note or other indebtedness whereby the payment 
obligations are secured by a segregated pool of assets (whether held by the Issuer or any third party guarantor) (any 
such bond, note or other indebtedness, a “Covered Bond”) or (ii) any securitisation of receivables or other payment 
rights, asset-backed financing or similar financing structure (created in accordance with normal market practice) and 
whereby all payment obligations secured by such Security Interest or having the benefit of such Security Interest are 
to be discharged principally from such business, undertaking, assets or revenues (or, in the case of Direct Recourse 
Securities, by direct unsecured recourse to the Issuer); provided that the aggregate then-existing balance sheet value 
of receivables or other assets subject to any Security Interest created in respect of: (A) Covered Bonds that are 
Relevant Indebtedness and (B) any other secured Relevant Indebtedness (other than Direct Recourse Securities) of 
the Issuer, when added to the outstanding principal amount of all Direct Recourse Securities that are Relevant 
Indebtedness, does not, at the time of the incurrence thereof, exceed 15% of the consolidated total assets of the 
Issuer (as shown in the most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance 
with the BRSA Principles). 
4.2 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“BRSA Principles” means the laws relating to the accounting and financial reporting of banks in Türkiye (including 
the “Regulation on Accounting Applications for Banks and Safeguarding of Documents” related to the Banking Law 
as published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006, other regulations on the accounting records 
of banks published by the Banking Regulation and Supervision Board, which is the board of the Banking Regulation

--- Page 246 ---
225 
and Supervision Agency (in Turkish: Bankacılık Düzenleme ve Denetleme Kurumu) (the “BRSA”), and circulars and 
interpretations published by the BRSA) and, for matters that are not regulated by such laws, the Turkish Accounting 
Standards 34 (“TAS 34”) Interim Financial Reporting Standard and the “Turkish Financial Reporting Standards” 
issued by the Public Oversight, Accounting and Auditing Standards Authority (in Turkish: Kamu Gözetimi 
Muhasebe ve Denetim Standartları Kurumu), 
“Direct Recourse Securities” means securities (other than Covered Bonds) issued in connection with any 
securitisation of receivables or other payment rights, asset-backed financing or similar financing structure (created in 
accordance with normal market practice) and whereby all payment obligations secured by a Security Interest or 
having the benefit of a Security Interest are to be discharged principally from such business, undertaking, assets or 
revenues or by direct unsecured recourse to the Issuer, and 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means: (a) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest 
or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities 
that (with the consent of the issuer of the indebtedness) are for the time being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on 
any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other organised securities market or any loan disbursed to the Issuer as a 
borrower under a loan participation note or similar transaction, where such securities or loans have an initial 
maturity at issue or disbursement in excess of 365 days, and (b) any guarantee or indemnity of any such 
indebtedness. 
5. 
COVENANTS 
5.1 
Maintenance of Authorisations 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall take all necessary action to maintain, obtain and promptly 
renew, and do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to ensure the continuance of, all consents, 
permissions, licences, approvals and authorisations, and make or cause to be made all registrations, recordings and 
filings, that may at any time be required to be obtained or made in Türkiye (including, without limitation, with the 
CMB and the BRSA) for: (a) the execution, delivery or performance of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Deed Poll and the Notes or for the validity or enforceability thereof or (b) the conduct by it of the 
Permitted Business, save for any consents, permissions, licences, approvals, authorisations, registrations, recordings 
and filings that are immaterial in the conduct by the Issuer of the Permitted Business. 
5.2 
Transactions with Affiliates 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, in 
any 12 month period: (a) make any payment to, (b) sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its properties, 
revenues or assets to, (c) purchase any properties, revenues or assets from or (d) enter into or make or amend any 
transaction, contract, agreement, understanding, loan, advance, indemnity or guarantee (whether related or not) with, 
or for the benefit of, any Affiliate (each an “Affiliate Transaction”), which Affiliate Transaction has (or, when taken 
together with any other Affiliate Transactions during such 12 month period, in the aggregate have) a value in excess 
of US$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) unless such Affiliate Transaction (and each such other 
aggregated Affiliate Transaction) is on terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary than 
those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Issuer or such Subsidiary with an unrelated 
Person. 
5.3 
Financial Reporting 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent for distribution to any 
Noteholder upon such Noteholder’s written request to the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
not later than six months after the end of each financial year of the Issuer, English language copies of the 
Issuer’s audited consolidated and (if published) unconsolidated financial statements for such financial year, 
prepared in accordance with the BRSA Principles, with the corresponding financial statements for the

--- Page 247 ---
226 
preceding financial year, and all such annual financial statements shall be accompanied by the report of the 
auditors thereon, and 
(b) 
not later than 120 days after the end of each of the first three quarters of each financial year of the Issuer, 
English language copies of its unaudited (or, if published, audited) consolidated and (if published) 
unconsolidated financial statements for such three month period, prepared in accordance with the BRSA 
Principles, with the corresponding financial statements for the corresponding period of the previous 
financial year, and all such interim financial statements shall be accompanied by the report of the auditors 
thereon; 
provided that any such financial statement shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which the Issuer 
has published such financial statement (in a manner that is readily accessible to all) on its website (as of 23 June, 
2023, www.vakifbank.com.tr/financials.aspx?pageID=2681) (the Issuer shall promptly notify the Fiscal Agent that 
the Issuer has published such financial statement on such website). 
5.4 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Affiliate” means, in respect of any specified Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled 
by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person, and, in the case of a natural person, any 
immediate family member of such person; for the purposes of this definition, “control,” as used with respect to any 
Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management 
or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise, and the 
terms “controlling,” “controlled by” and “under common control with” shall have corresponding meanings, 
“Permitted Business” means any business that is the same as or related, ancillary or complementary to any of the 
businesses of the Issuer on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of this Series, 
“Person” means any individual, company, partnership, association, unincorporated organisation, trust or other 
juridical entity, including, without limitation, any state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality, and 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”), any other Person: (a) in which such first Person 
holds a majority of the voting rights, (b) of which such first Person is a member and has the right to appoint or 
remove a majority of the board of directors or (c) of which such first Person is a member and controls a majority of 
the voting rights, and includes any company that is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary of such Person; however, in relation 
to the consolidated financial statements of a Person, a Subsidiary shall mean Persons that are consolidated into such 
first Person. 
6. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon 
Notes. 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to 
the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.1 for full information 
on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms specifies 
the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed 
Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction, any applicable 
Determination Date and whether the provisions relating to Modified Fixed Rate Notes will be applicable.

--- Page 248 ---
227 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum 
equal to the applicable Rate(s) of Interest. Interest on Fixed Rate Notes will, subject as provided in these Conditions, 
be payable in arrear on the applicable Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
In the case of Definitive Notes, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount, where a “Fixed Coupon Amount” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, to the Fixed Coupon Amount so specified; provided that the Interest Amount payable on 
any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
Except in the case of Definitive Notes where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount (and, if applicable, a Broken 
Amount) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by 
multiplying the then-applicable Interest Rate by: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes that are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note, or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure (including the 
application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency (with half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention with the 
written consent of the Issuer). Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is an 
amount other than the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable on such Fixed Rate Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
If Modified Fixed Rate Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Interest Periods and 
Interest Amounts are specified as being subject to adjustment, then a Business Day Convention shall also be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and (where applicable) Interest Payment Dates shall be postponed or brought 
forward, as the case may be, in accordance with Condition 6.6(b) and the relevant Interest Period and Interest 
Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period will be adjusted accordingly. 
6.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable 
to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.2 for full 
information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final 
Terms specifies any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the 
Business Day Convention, any Specified Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not 
the Fiscal Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates, the Day Count Fraction and whether the 
provisions relating to Modified Floating Rate Notes will be applicable. Where “ISDA Determination” applies to the 
calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity and Reset Date. Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable 
Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Specified Time, Relevant Financial Centre, Interest 
Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest shall be payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms, or

--- Page 249 ---
228 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date” for the 
purpose of such Floating Rate Note) that falls the number of months or other period specified as 
the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest shall be payable in respect of each Interest Period. 
(b) 
Interest Rate 
The Interest Rate payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where “ISDA Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Interest Rate for such 
Tranche for each Interest Period shall be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this clause (i), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Fiscal 
Agent or other Person specified in the applicable Final Terms under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Fiscal Agent or that other Person were acting as the Calculation Agent for that 
swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (if applicable) is the period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and a Compounding 
Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method will be one of the following as specified in the applicable Final Terms: (1) 
Compounding with Lookback, (2) Compounding with Observation Period Shift or (3) 
Compounding with Lockout, 
(E) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and an Averaging 
Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the Overnight Averaging Method 
will be one of the following as specified in the applicable Final Terms: (1) Averaging 
with Lookback, (2) Averaging with Observation Period Shift or (3) Averaging with 
Lockout, and 
(F) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, then the Index 
Method will be the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA Definitions 
to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed to be references 
to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms. Unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be deemed to be 
zero.

--- Page 250 ---
229 
For the purposes of this clause (i), “Floating Rate,” “Calculation Agent,” “Floating Rate Option,” 
“Designated Maturity,” “Reset Date,” “Overnight Floating Rate Option,” “Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method,” “Compounding with Lookback,” “Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift,” “Compounding with Lockout,” “Averaging with Lookback,” “Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift,” “Averaging with Lockout,” “Compounded Index Floating Rate 
Option,” “Index Method” and “Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift” shall 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
For these purposes, “ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to any Series of Notes: 
(a) 
unless “2021 ISDA Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and supplemented as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of Notes of this Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor 
or replacement thereof) (“ISDA”), or 
(b) 
if “2021 ISDA Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including 
each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor or replacement thereof), each as 
published by ISDA at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of this Series. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than for SOFR, SONIA or TLREF) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined in respect of any 
Reference Rate other than for SOFR, SONIA or TLREF, the Interest Rate for such Tranche for 
each Interest Period shall, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page, the offered quotation, or 
(B) 
in any other case, the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) that appear(s) on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service that displays the information) as 
of the Specified Time in the Relevant Financial Centre on the Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, then the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, then only one of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, then only one of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Interest Rate in the event that the 
Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of clause (A) above, no such offered 
quotation appears or if, in the case of clause (B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear, in each case, as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded Daily SONIA 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is

--- Page 251 ---
230 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA and the Calculation Method is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SONIA,” then: 
(A) 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Accrual Period shall, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA, as determined by the Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
(B) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the 
applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the SONIA 
Reference Rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall, unless the Calculation 
Agent has been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, in either case, 
the applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments) in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(e), be the sum of: (1) the Bank of 
England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5:00 p.m. (or, if earlier, the close of 
business) on such London Banking Day and (2) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which 
a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there 
are more than one highest spread, then only one of those highest spreads) and the lowest 
spread (or, if there are more than one lowest spread, then only one of those lowest 
spreads). 
(C) 
Notwithstanding 
clause (B) 
of 
this 
Condition 6.2(b)(iii) 
and 
subject 
to 
Condition 6.7(I)(e), in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to: (1) how 
the SONIA Reference Rate is to be determined or (2) any rate that is to replace the 
SONIA Reference Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that is reasonably 
practicable and as set forth in a direction from the Issuer in writing, follow such guidance 
in order to determine the SONIA Reference Rate for any London Banking Day “i” for 
purposes of the Notes and for so long as the SONIA Reference Rate is not available or 
has not been published by the relevant authorised distributors. 
(D) 
If, on any Interest Determination Date, the Interest Rate cannot be determined by 
reference to any of clauses (A) to (C) of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), then the Interest Rate 
for the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be: (1) the Interest Rate determined as of the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or 
Minimum Interest Rate relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (2) if 
there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate that would 
have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first Interest Accrual Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and, if 
applicable, any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate applicable to the first 
Interest Accrual Period). 
(E) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, then the final 
Interest Rate shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the most recent 
Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) 
the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Interest Rate shall 
continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as 
provided in Condition 6.5.

--- Page 252 ---
231 
(F) 
As used in this Condition 6.2(b)(iii): 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other entity specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Person responsible for the calculation of the Rate(s) of 
Interest and the Interest Amount(s) or such other amounts as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily SONIA Reference Rate 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage shall be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards): 
 
“d” means: (a) where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, or (b) where 
in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, the number 
of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period, 
“do” means: (a) where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, or 
(b) where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, 
the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period, 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in: (a) where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the 
Observation Method, the relevant Interest Accrual Period, or (b) where in the applicable 
Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, the relevant Observation 
Period, 
“Interest Accrual Period” means: (a) each Interest Period and (b) any other Relevant 
Period, 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means a day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London, England, 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the earlier of: (a) the 
following London Banking Day and (b) the last day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period or, in respect of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date, 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
“Observation Period” means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding): (a) the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Accrual Period or (b) such date (if any) on which the relevant 
d
365
 
 
 
n 
 
 SONIA
Relevant
i
i
















1
365
1
o
d
1
i

--- Page 253 ---
232 
payment of interest falls due (but that by its definition and the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from the Interest Accrual Period), 
“p” means the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (which, if the Fiscal Agent is also the 
Calculation Agent, shall not be less than “5” unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal 
Agent in the applicable Final Terms), 
“Relevant SONIAi” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i”: (a) where “Lag” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, SONIAi-pLBD, or 
(b) where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
SONIAiLBD, 
“SONIA Reference Rate,” in respect of any London Banking Day (“LBDx”), means a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for 
such LBDx as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each case on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such LBDx, 
“SONIAiLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such London Banking Day “i”, and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London Banking Day falling 
“p” London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day “i”. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded Index Rate 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA and the Calculation Method is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Index Rate,” then the Interest Rate for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be Compounded Daily SONIA for the Interest Accrual Period 
determined by reference to the screen rate or index for Compounded Daily SONIA administered 
by the administrator of the SONIA Reference Rate that is published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time at the relevant time on the relevant 
Index Determination Dates specified below as further specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
“SONIA Compounded Index”) as calculated in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage shall be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, if any, all 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA rate is equal to:

--- Page 254 ---
233 
where: 
“x” denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
“y” denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period or such other date as when the relevant 
payment of interest falls to be due (but that by definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Accrual Period), 
a day on which the SONIA Compounded Index is determined pursuant to clause “x” or “y” above 
is referred to as an “Index Determination Date,” 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which “x” is 
determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which “y” is determined, and 
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so 
specified, five London Banking Days). 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator of the SONIA 
Reference Rate or other information service at the relevant time on any relevant Index 
Determination Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the Compounded Daily 
SONIA rate for the applicable Interest Accrual Period for which SONIA Compounded Index is 
not available shall be “Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in accordance with 
Condition 6.2(b)(iii) above as if Compounded Daily SONIA had been specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in place of Compounded Index Rate. For these purposes, the “Calculation Method” 
shall be deemed to be “Compounded Daily SONIA,” the “Relevant Number” specified in the 
applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to be the “Observation Lookback Period” and 
“Observation Method” shall be deemed be “Shift,” as if Compounded Index Rate is not specified 
as being applicable and these alternative elections had been made. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, then the final Interest Rate 
shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, 
if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date on which the Notes become 
so due and payable, and such Interest Rate shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as 
interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 6.5. 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period Shift 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being “SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period Shift,” then the 
Interest Rate for each Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately below, 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
“Compounded SOFR,” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate computed in accordance 
with the following formula (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards): 
൬𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥ா௡ௗ  
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥ௌ௧௔௥௧ 
−1൰𝑥360
𝑑௖

--- Page 255 ---
234 
where: 
“SOFR IndexStart” is the SOFR Index value for the day that is five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days, or such other number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms, preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Period, 
“SOFR IndexEnd” is the SOFR Index value for the day that is five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days, or such other number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms, preceding the Interest Payment Date 
relating to such Interest Period, and 
“dc” is the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart to (but 
excluding) SOFR IndexEnd. 
“Interest Period” means each period, the duration of which will be indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the first Interest 
Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, in 
the case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the 
Floating Rate Notes on the redemption date, the redemption date). 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the “Secured Overnight Financing Rate”). 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(currently 
www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates-information) 
or 
any 
successor source. 
“SOFR Index” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR 
Index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index appears on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the “SOFR Index Determination Time”); provided that if a SOFR Index value does 
not so appear at the SOFR Index Determination Time, then: 
(a) 
if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined in 
Condition 6.7(II)) have not occurred with respect to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR 
shall be the rate determined pursuant to the “SOFR Index Unavailable Provisions” 
definition below, or 
(b) 
if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to 
Condition 6.7(II). 
where: 
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as published by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website, 
“SOFR Index Unavailable Provisions”: If a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published on the associated Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined in Condition 6.7(II)) have not 
occurred with respect to SOFR, then “Compounded SOFR” means, for the applicable 
Interest Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a daily 
compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with the formula for “SOFR 
Averages,” and definitions required for such formula, published on the SOFR

--- Page 256 ---
235 
Administrator’s Website. For the purposes of this provision, references in the “SOFR 
Averages” compounding formula and related definitions to “calculation period” shall be 
replaced with “Observation Period” and the words “that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar 
days” shall be removed. If the daily SOFR (“SOFRi”) does not so appear for any day “i” 
in the Observation Period, then SOFRi for such day “i” shall be SOFR published in 
respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR 
was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website, and 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms before each Interest Payment Date, 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from (and including) 
the date that is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms preceding the first date in such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date 
that is the same number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days so specified and preceding 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities. 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded SOFR with Lookback 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded SOFR with Lookback,” then the Interest Rate 
for each Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately below, plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
“Compounded SOFR,” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ି ௬௎ௌ஻஽ 𝑥 𝑛௜   
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏ 𝑥 360
𝑑 
“d0” for any Interest Period means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
such Interest Period, 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, 
“SOFRi-yUSBD” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period 
is equal to SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “y” (the 
Lookback Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days) days prior to that day “i”, 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period is the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”), and

--- Page 257 ---
236 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period. 
“SOFR,” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the next U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR 
Determination Time”), 
(b) 
if the rate specified in clause (a) does not so appear, unless both a Benchmark Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date (as each such term is defined in 
Condition 6.7(II)) have occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in 
respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website, 
or 
(c) 
if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the 
Benchmark Replacement, subject to the provisions described (and as defined) in 
Condition 6.7(II), 
where: 
“Interest Period” and “Interest Determination Date” each have the meaning ascribed to the 
respective term in Condition 6.2(b)(v), and 
“Lookback Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days” has the meaning specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and represented in the formula above as “y”. 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift,” then the 
Interest Rate for each Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately below, 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
“Compounded SOFR,” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ 𝑥 𝑛௜   
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏ 𝑥 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d0” for any Observation Period means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in the relevant Observation Period, 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period,

--- Page 258 ---
237 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period 
is equal to SOFR (as defined in Condition 6.2(b)(vi)) in respect of that day “i”, 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period is 
the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”), and 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
“Interest Period,” “Interest Determination Date” and “Observation Period” each have the meaning 
ascribed to the respective term in Condition 6.2(b)(v). 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay,” then the Interest 
Rate for each Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately below, plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
“Compounded SOFR” with respect to any Interest Accrual Period means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ 𝑥 𝑛௜   
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏ 𝑥 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period is equal to SOFR (as defined in Condition 6.2(b)(vi)) in respect of that day “i”, 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
is the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i” to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”), and 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means each quarterly period, or such other period as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, from (and including) an Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, in the case 
of the first Interest Accrual Period, the issue date) to (but excluding) the next Interest Accrual 
Period End Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date or, if the 
Issuer elects to redeem the Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay Notes on any earlier 
redemption date, the redemption date).

--- Page 259 ---
238 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” means the dates specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
ending on the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elect to redeems the Compounded SOFR with 
Payment Delay Notes on any earlier redemption date, the redemption date. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the second Business Day, or such other Business Day as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, following each Interest Accrual Period End Date; provided that the 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period shall be the Maturity Date 
or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay Notes on any earlier 
redemption date, the redemption date. 
“Interest Payment Determination Date” means the Interest Accrual Period End Date at the end of 
each Interest Accrual Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination Date with respect 
to the final Interest Accrual Period shall be the Rate Cut-Off Date. 
“Rate Cut-Off Date” means the fifth U.S. Government Securities Business Day, or such other U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to the 
Maturity Date or redemption date, as applicable. For purposes of calculating Compounded SOFR 
with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period, the level of SOFR for each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-Off Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date or any earlier redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of 
SOFR in respect of such Rate Cut-Off Date. 
If any scheduled Interest Accrual Period End Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then 
such date shall be postponed to the following Business Day except that, if such following Business 
Day would fall in the next calendar month, then the Interest Accrual Period End Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being TLREF, then the Interest Rate for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall, subject as provided below, be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant TLREF Interest Determination Date (by reference to the relevant published TLREF 
Indices in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period) in accordance with the following 
formula: 
⎩⎪⎨
⎪⎧
൮
𝑇ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑢𝑏𝑙𝑖𝑠ℎ𝑒𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑜𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑠𝑒𝑐𝑜𝑛𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐵𝑢𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑒𝑠𝑠 𝐷𝑎𝑦
𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑐𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑎𝑝𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑐𝑎𝑏𝑙𝑒 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒
𝑇ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑢𝑏𝑙𝑖𝑠ℎ𝑒𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑜𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑠𝑒𝑐𝑜𝑛𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐵𝑢𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑒𝑠𝑠 𝐷𝑎𝑦
𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑐𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑣𝑖𝑜𝑢𝑠 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒
൲
௡ଵ
௡ଶ
−1
⎭⎪⎬
⎪⎫
∗100 
(and the resulting percentage shall be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any); provided that, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, references to the 
“published TLREF Index on the second TLREF Business Day preceding the previous Interest 
Payment Date” shall be replaced by a reference to the “published TLREF Index on the day that is 
two TLREF Business Days preceding the first date of such Interest Accrual Period.” 
For the purposes of the formula above and this Condition 6.2(b)(ix): 
“BIST TLREF Index” means the TLREF value announced via the BISTECH Data Dissemination 
System (in Turkish: BISTECH Veri Paylaşım Sistemi) as published on the TLREF Relevant 
Screen.

--- Page 260 ---
239 
“Calculation Agent” means the Issuer or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a financial 
institution of international repute appointed by the Issuer at its own expense for these purposes. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means: (a) each Interest Period and (b) any other Relevant Period. 
“n1” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
“n2” means the number of calendar days between: (a) the TLREF Business Day preceding the 
Interest Payment Date (or such date (if any) on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but that by its definition and the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from the Interest 
Accrual Period)) and (b) the TLREF Business Day preceding the previous Interest Payment Date 
(provided that, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, reference to the “the TLREF 
Business Day preceding the previous Interest Payment Date” shall be replaced with a reference to 
“the TLREF Business Day preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period”). 
“published TLREF Index” means, in respect of any TLREF Business Day, the rate of return of 
TLREF on the next TLREF Business Day as determined by reference to the BIST TLREF Index 
that references the return on overnight repo transactions realised on the Borsa İstanbul Repo-
Reverse Repo Normal Orders Market, all as published at the relevant time on such TLREF 
Business Day on the TLREF Relevant Screen. 
“TLREF” means the Turkish Lira overnight reference rate. 
“TLREF Business Day” means a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which the BIST Repo-
Reverse Repo Market (or the successor or replacement thereof) is open. 
“TLREF Committee” means the committee consisting of representatives of the Ministry of 
Treasury and Finance of Türkiye, the Central Bank of Türkiye (the “Central Bank”), the Banks 
Association of Türkiye, the Capital Markets Association of Türkiye (in Turkish: Türkiye Sermaye 
Piyasaları Birliği), the BRSA, the Istanbul Settlement and Custody Bank (in Turkish: İstanbul 
Takas ve Saklama Bankası A.Ş.) and Borsa İstanbul A.Ş. or any successor or replacement thereof. 
“TLREF Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the 
second TLREF Business Day prior to the day on which such Interest Accrual Period ends. 
“TLREF Reference Rate” means, in respect of any TLREF Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the published TLREF Index on such TLREF Business Day. 
“TLREF Relevant Screen” means the “TLREF Indices” webpage that is available on the website of 
Borsa İstanbul A.Ş. (borsaistanbul.com) (or any successor website). 
If, on any TLREF Interest Determination Date, the applicable published TLREF Index is not 
available on the TLREF Relevant Screen or has not otherwise been published by the TLREF 
Committee, then the Interest Rate in respect of the applicable Interest Accrual Period shall, unless 
the Calculation Agent has been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, in either 
case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments) in 
accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(e), be determined as if the published TLREF Index were 
calculated in the following manner: 
(a) 
The Interest Rate in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be the sum of: (i) the 
policy rate of the Central Bank prevailing at 5:00 pm (or, if earlier, the close of business 
in İstanbul) on the applicable TLREF Interest Determination Date and available on the 
Central 
Bank’s 
website 
at 
www.tcmb.gov.tr/wps/wcm/connect/EN/TCMB+EN/Main+Menu/Core+Functions/Mone
tary+Policy/Central+Bank+Interest+Rates/1+Week+Repo 
(or 
any 
successor 
or

--- Page 261 ---
240 
replacement website) and (ii) the mean of the spread of the published TLREF Index to 
the policy rate of the Central Bank over the previous five TLREF Business Days on 
which a TLREF Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if 
there are more than one highest spread, then only one of those highest spreads) and the 
lowest spread (or, if there are more than one lowest spread, then only one of those lowest 
spreads). 
(b) 
Notwithstanding clause (a), if the TLREF Committee has published guidance as to: (i) 
how the TLREF Reference Rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the 
TLREF Reference Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is 
reasonably practicable to do so and as set forth in a direction from the Issuer in writing, 
follow such guidance in order to determine the TLREF Reference Rate for any TLREF 
Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period and for so long thereafter as the published 
TLREF Index remains unavailable on the TLREF Relevant Screen or is not otherwise 
published by the TLREF Committee. 
(c) 
If, on any TLREF Interest Determination Date, the Interest Rate cannot be determined by 
reference to clauses (a) and (b), then the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period shall be: (i) the Interest Rate determined as of the last preceding TLREF Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Interest 
Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest 
Rate relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding TLREF Interest Determination Date, then the initial Interest Rate that would 
have been applicable to the applicable Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period of such 
Notes had such Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to their first Interest 
Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the applicable Interest Commencement 
Date (and applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Interest Rate or 
Minimum Interest Rate applicable to such first Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, then the final 
Interest Rate shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the most recent 
Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) 
the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Interest Rate shall 
continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as 
provided in Condition 6.5. 
(c) 
Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Floating Rate Notes specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for 
any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Interest Rate in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.2(b) is less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Interest 
Rate for such Interest Period for such Tranche shall be such Minimum Interest Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Floating Rate Notes specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for 
any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Interest Rate in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.2(b) is greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Interest 
Rate for such Interest Period for such Tranche shall be such Maximum Interest Rate. 
A Final Terms may specify both a Minimum Interest Rate and a Maximum Interest Rate for a Tranche. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be deemed to be 
zero.

--- Page 262 ---
241 
(d) 
Determination of Interest Rate and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Interest Rate is to be determined, determine the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period (or 
any other Relevant Period). 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period (or any other Relevant Period) by applying the Interest 
Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes that are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note, or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination 
of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is an amount other than the Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based upon the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate 
Option (where “ISDA Determination” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity (if applicable) were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity (if applicable) were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period; provided that if there is no rate 
available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an 
independent advisor acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert appointed 
by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion, determines appropriate. For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(e) 
only, “Calculation Agent” shall mean the Issuer or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a financial 
institution of international repute appointed by the Issuer at its own expense for these purposes. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination only, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
6.3 
Notification of Interest Rate and Interest Amounts 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes and Modified Fixed Rate Notes in respect of which Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being subject to adjustment, the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause: (a) to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which (at the 
request of the Issuer) the relevant Notes are for the time being listed: (i) each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and (ii) in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Interest Rate, and (b) 
notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 15, in each case, as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter (or, in the case of Notes where 
the applicable Final Terms specify the Reference Rate as being SONIA, SOFR or TLREF, no later than the second 
London Banking Day, U.S. Government Securities Business Day or TLREF Business Day, respectively, thereafter).

--- Page 263 ---
242 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange (if any) on which the 
relevant Notes are for the time being listed at the request of the Issuer and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
6.4 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6 and Condition 7.11, whether by the Fiscal 
Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest or proven 
error) be binding upon the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers and duties pursuant to such provisions. 
6.5 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to bear 
interest (if any) from (and including) the date specified for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal on such Note is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due on such Note (or part thereof) have been paid (with such 
additional accrued interest being due and payable immediately), and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable on such Note has been 
received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
6.6 
Day Count Fraction and Business Day Convention 
(a) 
Day Count Fraction 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 6: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the Relevant Period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, then the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of: 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year, or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, then the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of: (x) the number of

--- Page 264 ---
243 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year, and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of: (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year, 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date), 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of such period falls within a leap year, the sum of: (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365), 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 365, 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 365 or, in the 
case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366, 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360, 
(vi) 
if “30/360,” “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
number of days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day 
months, and 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
such period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of such period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of such period unless such number is 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30, and 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] +( D2 - D1) 
360

--- Page 265 ---
244 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
such period unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30, 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the number of 
days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
such period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of such period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of such period unless such number would be 
31, in which case D1 will be 30, and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
such period unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, and 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the number of days in the 
Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 









360
D
-
D
M
-
M
30
Y
-
Y
360
Fraction
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2





 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
such period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of such period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of such period unless: (A) that day is the last 
day of February or (B) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30, and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
such period unless: (A) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (B) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
360

--- Page 266 ---
245 
(b) 
Business Day Convention 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and: (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 6.2 above, the “Floating Rate Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date: (A) in the 
case of clause (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of clause (2) below shall apply mutatis mutandis, or (B) in the case of clause (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event: (1) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (2) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month that falls within the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred, 
(ii) 
the “Following Business Day Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day, 
(iii) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day, or 
(iv) 
the “Preceding Business Day Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
6.7 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Reference Rate Replacement 
I. 
The following Benchmark Discontinuation and Reference Rate Replacement provisions in this 
Condition 6.7(I) apply to all Floating Rate Notes other than those for which the Reference Rate is SOFR 
and Condition 6.7(II) is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Independent Advisor 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Interest Rate (or any 
component part(s) thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Advisor, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b)), and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(I)(c)) 
and 
any 
other 
required 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6.7(I)(d)). 
An Independent Advisor appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.7(I) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for 
any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination 
made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.7(I). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6.2(b), if the Issuer, following consultation with an 
Independent Advisor pursuant to Condition 6.7(I)(a) and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred and that:

--- Page 267 ---
246 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 6.7(I)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Interest Rate (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 6.7(I)), or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6.7(I)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) 
for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.7(I)). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b), then the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specific quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
may be positive, negative or zero), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Interest Rate (or any 
component part(s) thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.7(I) and the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines: (i) that additional amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(I)(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, 
vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.7(I)(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.7(I)(d), neither the Calculation Agent nor any 
other Paying Agent is obliged to concur with the Issuer in respect of any Benchmark Amendments that, in 
the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or such other Paying Agent, in each case, acting reasonably and 
in good faith, would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, such other Paying Agent in the Agency Agreement. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event, any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, each as determined 
under this Condition 6.7(I), will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and the other 
Paying Agents (and, in any case, no later than five business days in London prior to the first Interest 
Determination Date on which the relevant Successor Rate or, as the case may be, Alternative Rate is to be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant component

--- Page 268 ---
247 
part(s) thereof)) and, in accordance with Condition 15, to the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
Prior to any Benchmark Amendments taking effect and no later than one London Business Day following 
the date of notifying the Calculation Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Calculation Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming: (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (B) the Successor Rate or, as the case may 
be, the Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (C) where 
applicable, the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6.7(I), and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Calculation Agent shall display such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding upon the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the other Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate and Fallback Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 6.7(I)(a) through Condition 6.7(I)(e), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.2(b) will continue to apply 
unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Original Reference Rate and the 
Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments, in each case, in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(I)(e). 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the Interest Rate 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) (and, in 
either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread) is determined and notified to the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this Condition 6.7(I), then the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of 
determining such Interest Rate on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 6.2(b) will (if applicable) continue to apply to such determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the preceding paragraph shall apply to the determination of the Interest Rate on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date only and the Interest Rate applicable to any subsequent Interest 
Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.7(I). 
(g) 
Defined Terms 
As used in this Condition 6.7(I): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either: (i) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (ii) a formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, which, in each case, is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology that: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body,

--- Page 269 ---
248 
(B) 
in the case of a Successor Rate where no such formal recommendation as described in clause (A) 
has been made or, in the case of an Alternative Rate, the Issuer determines, following consultation 
with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
in international debt capital markets to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
Original Reference Rate, 
(C) 
if the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that no such spread, formula or methodology is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets as described in clause (B), the Issuer 
determines, following consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions that reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), or 
(D) 
if the Issuer determines that none of clauses (A), (B) or (C) applies, the Issuer, in its discretion, 
following consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, so 
far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances and for the purposes of this clause (D) only, 
of reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders 
and, if applicable, Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate that the Issuer determines in 
accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for debt securities with a commensurate interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes, 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.7(I)(d), 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five London business 
days or ceasing to exist or be administered, 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
by a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances in which no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate), 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued, 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, by a specified date, be prohibited from being used 
(either generally or in respect of the Notes), 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of the relevant 
underlying market or may no longer be used, or

--- Page 270 ---
249 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for the Calculation Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original 
Reference Rate; 
provided that, notwithstanding clauses (ii) through (v), each such Benchmark Event shall only be deemed 
to occur: (A) in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), on the date of the cessation of the Original Reference Rate 
or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (B) in the case of clause (iv), on 
the date of prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, and (C) in the case of clause (v), on the date 
with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market or may no longer be used and 
that is specified in the public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement, 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or, for any Series, such other entity specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Person responsible for the calculation of the Rate(s) of Interest and the Interest 
Amount(s), 
“Independent Advisor” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
financial advisor with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital markets appointed by the 
Issuer, at its own expense, under Condition 6.7(I)(a), 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the Interest 
Rate (or any component part(s) thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) on the Notes, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the: (A) European Commission, in the case of Notes denominated in euro, (B) central bank, 
reserve bank, monetary authority or similar institution for the currency to which such Original 
Reference Rate relates or (C) central bank or other supervisory authority that is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee established, approved or sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of: (A) the central bank for the currency to which such Original 
Reference Rate relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority that is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof, and 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate that is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body (which, for Notes referencing EURIBOR, shall be an 
€STR-based rate for debt securities based upon the “Recommendations by the working-group on euro risk-
free rates on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and €STR-based EURIBOR fallback rates” dated 11 May 
2021 (the “EURIBOR Recommendations”) unless the Relevant Nominating Body for EURIBOR amends, 
supplements or otherwise modifies the EURIBOR Recommendations at any time, in which case, such 
amendment, supplement or other modification to the EURIBOR Recommendations shall be taken into 
account for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate to EURIBOR for the purposes of the relevant 
Notes).

--- Page 271 ---
250 
II. 
The following Benchmark Discontinuation and Reference Rate Replacement provisions in this 
Condition 6.7(II) apply to all Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR and 
Condition 6.7(II) is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Effect of a Benchmark Event 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement. If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred before the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination of the Benchmark on any date, then the Benchmark Replacement shall replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Floating Rate Notes in respect of such 
determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation and 
administration of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer shall have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
If the Issuer exercises its right to make any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, then 
the Issuer and the Agents shall, without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, agree to the necessary modifications to these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with effect from 
the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in accordance with this 
Condition 6.7(II)(a)(ii), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which (at 
the request of the Issuer) the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.7(II)(a)(ii), neither the Calculation 
Agent nor any other Paying Agent is obliged to concur with the Issuer in respect of any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes that, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent 
or such other Paying Agent, in each case, acting reasonably and in good faith, would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or, as the case may 
be, such other Paying Agent in the Agency Agreement. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.7(II), including any determination with respect to tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection (including with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes): (A) will be conclusive and binding upon all 
parties absent manifest error and subject as provided in this Condition 6.7(II), (B) shall be made in 
the Issuer’s sole discretion and (C) subject as provided in this Condition 6.7(II), shall become 
effective without consent from any Noteholder, Agent or other Person. None of the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Exchange Agent or the Registrar will have any liability for any 
determination made by (or on behalf of) the Issuer in connection with a Benchmark Event or a 
Benchmark Replacement. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any substitute SOFR or for 
making any adjustments to any alternative benchmark or spread thereon, the business day 
convention, the interest determination dates or any other relevant methodology for calculating any 
such substitute or successor benchmark. In connection with this Condition 6.7(II), the Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely upon any determinations made by (or on behalf of) the 
Issuer and shall have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer.

--- Page 272 ---
251 
(iv) 
Notice 
Any Benchmark Replacement, and the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, determined under this Condition 6.7(II) shall be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, if any. 
(b) 
Defined Terms 
As used in this Condition 6.7(II): 
“Benchmark” means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined in Conditions 6.2(b)(v) through 
(viii); provided that if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to Compounded SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement, 
“Benchmark Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-
current Benchmark: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by (or on behalf of) the administrator of such 
Benchmark announcing or stating that such administrator has ceased or will cease on a specified 
date to provide such Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such 
Benchmark, 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of such Benchmark, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such 
Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such 
Benchmark announcing or stating that the administrator of such Benchmark has ceased or will 
cease on a specified date to provide such Benchmark permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide such Benchmark, or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of such Benchmark announcing or stating that such Benchmark is no longer representative, 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by 
the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) an alternate interest rate that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate interest rate that has been selected by the Issuer as the replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted interest rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment,

--- Page 273 ---
252 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment, and 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time, 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definitions or interpretations of 
Interest Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, changes to 
the definition of “Corresponding Tenor” solely when such tenor is longer than the Interest Period, the 
rounding of amounts or tenors and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Issuer 
decides are appropriate to make to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, then in such other manner 
as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary), 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to the then-
current Benchmark: 
(a) 
in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of “Benchmark Event,” the later of: (i) the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the 
administrator of such Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide such Benchmark, 
or 
(b) 
in the case of clause (c) of the definition of “Benchmark Event,” the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt: (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, then the Benchmark 
Replacement Date shall be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination, 
and (ii) for purposes of the definitions of Benchmark Replacement Date and Benchmark Event, references 
to Benchmark also include any reference rate underlying such Benchmark, 
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including overnight) 
having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for 
the then-current Benchmark, 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor, 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment,

--- Page 274 ---
253 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means: (a) if the Benchmark is 
SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period Shift, the SOFR Index Determination Time, and (b) otherwise, 
the time determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor 
thereto, and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
6.8 
Defined Terms 
In these Conditions: 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Specified Business 
Centre (other than the real-time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (or any successor or 
replacement system) (the “T2 System”)) specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(b) 
if the T2 System is specified as a Specified Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, then a day on 
which the T2 System is open, and 
(c) 
either: (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the relevant Specified Currency, or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on 
which the T2 System is open, 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest, 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, with respect to a Tranche of Notes, the date (if any) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms from (and including) which such Notes will accrue interest, which may or may not be their 
Issue Date, 
“Interest Period” for a Series means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date for such Series (or, in 
respect of the first Interest Period for such Series, its Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or, 
in respect of the first Interest Period, first) Interest Payment Date for such Series, 
“Reference Rate” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: (a) the Euro-zone interbank 
offered rate (“EURIBOR”), (b) TLREF, (c) the Hong Kong interbank offered rate (“HIBOR”), (d) the Romanian 
interbank offered rate (“ROBOR”), (e) the Prague interbank offered rate (“PRIBOR”), (f) the Singapore interbank 
offered rate (“SIBOR”), (g) the Norwegian interbank offered rate (“NIBOR”), (h) the Warsaw interbank offered rate 
(“WIBOR”), (i) the CNH Hong Kong interbank offered rate (“CNH HIBOR”), (j) SONIA or (k) SOFR, in each case, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
“Relevant Period” means the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date, 
“Specified Time” means, with respect to a Tranche of Notes, the time specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, and

--- Page 275 ---
254 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Method of Payment 
Except as provided in this Condition 7, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (or any account to which such Specified Currency may be credited or 
transferred) maintained by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on 
a bank or other financial institution that processes payments in the Specified Currency. 
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes will be subject in all cases to: (a) any fiscal or other laws applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9, and (b) any withholding or 
deduction (“FATCA Withholding Tax”) required pursuant to FATCA. 
In these Conditions, “FATCA” means: (a) an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), of the United States of America, (b) Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, (c) 
any regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof, (d) any intergovernmental agreement 
between the United States and any other governmental authority entered into in connection with the implementation 
of the foregoing in this definition or (e) any applicable law, rule or official practice implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement. 
7.2 
Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions to the contrary, payments of principal on a Definitive 
Bearer Note shall (subject as provided below in this Condition 7.2) be made in the manner provided in Condition 7.1 
only against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, presentation and endorsement) of such 
Definitive Bearer Note, and payments of interest on a Definitive Bearer Note will (subject as provided below) be 
made as aforesaid only against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, presentation and 
endorsement) of the applicable Coupon(s), in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the 
District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes) should be presented for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons 
falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon 
at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9.2(a)) in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 10) or, if later, five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Definitive Bearer Note becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may 
be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, then interest (if any) 
accrued on such Definitive Bearer Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case 
may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of such Definitive Bearer Note. 
A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note that on issue had a Talon attached) 
whose principal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon; provided that such Note shall

--- Page 276 ---
255 
cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining 
to be paid thereon after that date is less than the principal amount of such Note. 
7.3 
Payments on Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on Notes represented by any Bearer Global Note will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner specified in Condition 7.2 in relation to Definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the 
manner specified in the relevant Bearer Global Note, where applicable against surrender or, as the case may be, 
presentation and endorsement, of such Bearer Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States. A record of each payment, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of 
interest, will be made on such Bearer Global Note either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
7.4 
Payments on Registered Notes 
Payments of principal to redeem a Registered Note (whether a Definitive Note or a Global Note) in full will be made 
only against surrender of such Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. 
Such payments shall be made by transfer to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint 
holders) of such Registered Note appearing in the Register at: (a) where in global form and held under the “new 
safekeeping structure” for registered global securities that are intended to constitute eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy operations (the “NSS”), the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on 
which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (b) in all 
other cases, the close of business at the specified office of the Registrar on the 15th day before the relevant due date 
(or, if such 15th day is not a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located, then the first such day prior to such 15th day) (in each case, the “Record Date”). 
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if: (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the principal 
amount of such Registered Note is less than US$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified 
Currency), then payment may instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank. 
For these purposes, “Designated Account” means the account maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and 
identified as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” means any bank or other financial institution that processes 
payments in such Specified Currency. 
Except as set forth in the next and final sentences of this paragraph, payments of interest and (except upon 
redemption in full) principal on a Registered Note (whether a Definitive Note or a Global Note) will be made by a 
cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business day in 
the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the 
holder (or the first named of joint holders) of such Registered Note appearing in the Register at the close of business 
on the relevant Record Date at the address of such holder shown in the Register on such Record Date and at such 
holder’s risk. Upon application of such holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business 
days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest 
or any such payment of principal on a Registered Note, such payment will be made by transfer on the due date in the 
manner provided in the preceding paragraph for the final payment of principal on the applicable Registered Note. 
Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due 
on redemption) and principal on such Registered Note that become payable to the holder thereof who has made the 
initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of 
the interest due on a Registered Note on redemption in full will be made in the same manner as the final payment of 
the principal of such Registered Note as described in the preceding paragraph. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in receiving any 
amount due on any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after 
the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by 
any Agent in respect of any payments of principal or interest on the Registered Notes, except as provided in 
Conditions 7.8 and 7.9. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in respect of Notes 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer by the Fiscal Agent to an

--- Page 277 ---
256 
account of the Exchange Agent in the relevant Specified Currency on behalf of DTC or its nominee for: (x) payment 
in such Specified Currency or (y) conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars, in each case, in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement and Condition 7.9. 
None of the Issuer or any of the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating 
to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
7.5 
General Provisions Applicable to Payments 
Except as provided in the Deed of Covenant, the registered holder of a Registered Global Note or the holder of a 
Bearer Global Note shall be the only Person entitled to receive payments on the Notes represented by such Global 
Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, such holder in respect of each amount so 
paid. Each of the Persons shown in the records of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
as the beneficial owner of a particular principal amount of Notes represented by a Global Note must look solely to 
DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for such Person’s share of each payment so made 
by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to, or to the order of, the registered holder of a Registered Global Note or the holder 
of a Bearer Global Note. Except as provided in the Deed of Covenant, no Person other than the registered holder of a 
Registered Global Note or the holder of a Bearer Global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer in respect of 
any payments due on such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Conditions 7.2 and 7.3, if any amount of principal and/or interest on Bearer Notes 
is payable in U.S. dollars, then such payments will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States only if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified 
offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the 
manner provided above when due, 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the United 
States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars, and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
7.6 
Payment Business Day 
If the date for payment of any amount on any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day, then the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant amount due until the next Payment Business Day in the 
relevant place (except in the case of Modified Fixed Rate Notes and Modified Floating Rate Notes where a Payment 
Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case such holder will be entitled to 
payment on the Payment Business Day in the relevant place as determined in accordance with the Payment Business 
Day Convention so specified) and, in any such case, shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay. 
For these purposes: 
“Payment Business Day” means any day that (subject to Condition 10) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Definitive Notes only, the relevant place of presentation, and

--- Page 278 ---
257 
(ii) 
any Specified Financial Centre (other than the T2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(b) 
if the T2 System is specified as a Specified Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on which 
the T2 System is open, 
(c) 
either: (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the relevant Specified Currency, or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on 
which the T2 System is open (in each of clauses (i) and (ii), disregarding any elections to receive payment 
in a different currency pursuant to Conditions 7.8 and 7.9), and 
(d) 
in the case of any payment on a Global Note, a day on which DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, settle(s) payments in the applicable Specified Currency (or, with respect 
to DTC, U.S. dollars), and 
“Payment Business Day Convention” means, if the Payment Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the: 
(a) 
Following Business Day Convention, the next following Payment Business Day, 
(b) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, the next day that is a Payment Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the holder shall be entitled to such payment 
at the place of presentation on the immediately preceding Payment Business Day, or 
(c) 
Preceding Business Day Convention, the immediately preceding Payment Business Day. 
7.7 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal on a Note shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any Additional Amounts that may be payable with respect to such principal under Condition 9.1, 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of such Note, 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Note, 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of such Note, 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 8.6) of such Note, 
and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) that may be payable by the Issuer on such Note. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest on the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts that may be payable with respect to such interest under Condition 9.1. 
7.8 
U.S. Dollar Exchange and Payments on Turkish Lira-denominated Notes held other than through DTC 
(a) 
If “USD Payment Election” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Specified 
Currency set out in such Final Terms is Turkish Lira and interests in the Notes are not represented by a 
Registered Global Note registered in the name of DTC (or a nominee thereof) or by a Global Note held 
under the NSS, then the holder thereof (determined as of the applicable Record Date in the case of 
Registered Notes) may, no more than 14 days and no less than five Business Days before the due date (the 
“Relevant Payment Date”) for the next payment of interest and/or principal on such Note (such period, the

--- Page 279 ---
258 
“USD Election Period”), give an irrevocable election to any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) to receive such payment in U.S. dollars instead of Turkish 
Lira (a “USD Payment Election”). Upon its receipt of such an election, the relevant Paying Agent or the 
Registrar (as applicable) shall notify the Fiscal Agent on the Business Day following each USD Election 
Period of the USD Payment Elections made by the Noteholders during such USD Election Period and, 
upon its receipt of such notification, the Fiscal Agent shall notify the Exchange Agent of the proportion of 
such interest and/or principal on the Notes due on the Relevant Payment Date (as defined below) that is 
payable to Noteholders who have given a USD Payment Election (the “Lira Amount”). 
Upon receipt of the Lira Amount from the Issuer and by no later than 2:00 p.m. (London time) on the 
Business Day prior to such Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal Agent shall transfer the Lira Amount to the 
Exchange Agent. Following receipt of the Lira Amount from the Fiscal Agent, the Exchange Agent shall 
provide for the Lira Amount to be converted into U.S. dollars in the manner provided in Condition 7.8(b) 
and then to be transferred to the Fiscal Agent for onward payment to the holders of such Notes on such 
Relevant Payment Date in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7.8 and Clause 7.10 of the 
Agency Agreement. 
If the Fiscal Agent receives cleared funds from the Issuer in respect of Turkish Lira-denominated Notes 
held other than through DTC after the time noted in the previous paragraph, then the Fiscal Agent shall 
transfer the Lira Amount to the Exchange Agent for conversion into U.S. dollars as soon as reasonably 
practicable and, following such conversion, the Exchange Agent shall transfer such U.S. dollar amounts to 
the Fiscal Agent and the Fiscal Agent shall use reasonable efforts to pay any U.S. dollar amounts that 
Noteholders have elected to receive in respect of such funds as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. 
Each USD Payment Election of a Noteholder will be made only in respect of the immediately following 
payment of interest and/or principal on the Notes the subject of such USD Payment Election and, unless a 
USD Payment Election is given in respect of each subsequent payment of interest and principal on those 
Notes, such payments will be made in Turkish Lira. 
(b) 
Upon receipt of the Lira Amount from the Fiscal Agent pursuant to Condition 7.8(a), the Exchange Agent 
shall purchase U.S. dollars with the Lira Amount for settlement on the Relevant Payment Date at a 
purchase price calculated on the basis of its own internal foreign exchange conversion procedures, which 
conversion shall be conducted in a commercially reasonable manner and on a similar basis to that which the 
Exchange Agent would use to effect such conversion for its customers (such rate, taking into account any 
spread, fees, commissions or charges on foreign exchange transactions customarily charged by it in 
connection with such conversion, the “Applicable Exchange Rate”). 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.8, neither the Exchange Agent nor the Issuer shall be liable to any 
Noteholder, the Issuer or any third party for any losses whatsoever resulting from application by the 
Exchange Agent of the Applicable Exchange Rate. The Exchange Agent may rely conclusively on the basis 
on which its internal foreign exchange conversion rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any third 
party indices forming the basis for such conversation rates) for settlement has been determined and shall 
not be liable for losses associated with the basis for determination of such rate. 
Each Agent shall be entitled to rely, without further investigation or enquiry, on any notification or 
irrevocable elections received by it or provided to it (including, without limitation, any calculation in 
respect of the Lira Amount) pursuant to this Condition 7.8 and shall not be liable to any party for any losses 
whatsoever resulting from acting in accordance with such notifications or irrevocable instructions or 
calculations even though, subsequent to its acting, it may be found that there was some defect in the 
notification or irrevocable instruction or the notification or irrevocable instruction was not authentic or an 
error existed in the calculations. 
Any foreign exchange transaction effected by the Exchange Agent will generally be a transaction to buy or 
sell currency between: (i) on one part, the Issuer (acting through the Fiscal Agent, as an agent of the Issuer) 
and (ii) on the other part, either the Exchange Agent or its affiliate (acting as principal for its own account). 
The Fiscal Agent as agent of the Issuer will enter into the foreign exchange transaction with the Exchange

--- Page 280 ---
259 
Agent or its affiliate acting as a principal for its own account, and not as an agent, fiduciary or broker on 
behalf of the Issuer. In the sole and absolute discretion of the Exchange Agent, the foreign exchange 
transaction may be transmitted by the Exchange Agent or any of its affiliates acting as principal for its own 
account to a sub-custodian. In forwarding certain foreign exchange transactions to the sub-custodian for 
execution, the Exchange Agent or its affiliate acting as principal for its own account does not, and will, not 
serve as agent, fiduciary or broker on behalf of the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s obligation to make payments on Notes the Specified Currency of which is Turkish Lira is 
limited to the specified Turkish Lira amount of such payments and, in the event that it fails to make any 
payment on such Notes in full on its due date, its obligation shall remain the payment of the relevant 
outstanding Turkish Lira amount and it shall have no obligation to pay any greater or other amount as a 
result of any change in the Applicable Exchange Rate between the due date and the date on which such 
payment is made in full. 
(d) 
Following conversion of the Lira Amount into U.S. dollars in accordance with this Condition 7.8 and the 
Agency Agreement, the Exchange Agent shall promptly notify the Fiscal Agent of: (i) the total amount of 
U.S. dollars purchased with the relevant Lira Amount (the “USD Amount”) and (ii) the Applicable 
Exchange Rate at which such U.S. dollars were purchased by the Exchange Agent. 
(e) 
On the Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal Agent shall give notice to the applicable Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 of the matters set out in Condition 7.8(d)(i) and (ii) in reliance on the 
information provided to it by the Exchange Agent in accordance with Condition 7.8(d). 
(f) 
If, for illegality or any other reason, it is not possible for the Exchange Agent to purchase U.S. dollars with 
the Lira Amount, then the Exchange Agent will promptly so notify the Fiscal Agent, which shall, as soon as 
practicable after receipt of such notification from the Exchange Agent, notify the applicable Noteholders of 
such event in accordance with Condition 15 and all payments on the applicable Notes on the Relevant 
Payment Date will be made in Turkish Lira in accordance with this Condition 7, irrespective of any USD 
Payment Election made. 
(g) 
To give a USD Payment Election in respect of this Note: 
(i) 
if this Note is a Definitive Note, then the holder hereof must deliver at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent (with respect to Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (with respect to Registered Notes), 
on any Business Day falling within the USD Election Period, a duly signed and completed USD 
Payment Election in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of 
any Paying Agent (the “USD Payment Election Notice”) and in which such holder must specify a 
USD bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.8 accompanied by this 
Note or evidence satisfactory to the Agent concerned that this Note will, following the delivery of 
the USD Payment Election, be held to the Fiscal Agent’s order or under its control until the 
applicable U.S. dollar payment is made, and 
(ii) 
if this Note is a Global Note, then the holder of an interest in this Global Note must, on any 
Business Day falling within the USD Election Period, give notice to any Paying Agent (with 
respect to Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (with respect to Registered Notes) of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable 
(which may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any depositary for any of them to any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, from time to time. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Agents will be liable for any delay or ultimate failure to pay the relevant 
Noteholder(s) caused by any delay or failure of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (or any of their 
respective direct or indirect participants) or any depositary for either of them to provide payment 
instructions with respect to the relevant USD Payment Election.

--- Page 281 ---
260 
(h) 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions to the contrary: (i) all costs (including any fees, 
charges, commissions or spreads) of the purchase of U.S. dollars with the Lira Amount shall be borne pro 
rata by the relevant Noteholders relative to the Notes of such Noteholders the subject of USD Payment 
Elections, which pro rata amount will be deducted from the pro rata portion of the USD Amount paid to 
such Noteholders, (ii) none of the Issuer, any Agent or any other Person shall have any obligation 
whatsoever to pay any related foreign exchange rate spreads, fees, charges, commissions or expenses or to 
indemnify any Noteholder against any difference between the pro rata portion of the USD Amount 
received by such Noteholder and the portion of the Lira Amount that would have been payable to the 
Noteholder if it had not made the relevant USD Payment Election and (iii) neither the Issuer nor any Agent 
shall have any liability or other obligation to any Noteholder with respect to the conversion into U.S. 
dollars of any amount paid by it to the Fiscal Agent in Turkish Lira or the payment of any U.S. dollar 
amount to the applicable Noteholders. 
(i) 
Notwithstanding any provisions of these Conditions or the applicable Final Terms, in respect of any Notes 
that are the subject of a USD Payment Election in respect of any payment, the definition of Payment 
Business Day shall, for the purposes of such payment on the Relevant Payment Date, be deemed to include 
a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are not authorised or required by law to 
be closed in New York City. 
7.9 
Payments on Notes held through DTC in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars 
For any Registered Global Note registered in the name of DTC or its nominee and denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars, the holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note will receive payment in 
U.S. dollars unless it elects (in accordance with normal DTC practice) to receive such payment in such Specified 
Currency in the manner specified in the Agency Agreement. 
Upon such an election, neither the Issuer nor any of the Agents will be liable for any delay or ultimate failure to pay 
the relevant Noteholder(s) caused by any delay or failure of DTC (or any of its direct or indirect participants) to 
provide payment instructions with respect to the relevant Specified Currency. 
7.10 
RMB Account 
All payments on the Notes in RMB will be made solely by credit to a RMB account maintained by the payee at a 
bank in Hong Kong or such other financial centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with applicable laws, rules and guidelines issued from time to time (including all 
applicable laws with respect to the settlement of RMB in Hong Kong or any relevant RMB Settlement Centre). 
“RMB Settlement Centre(s)” means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms in 
accordance with applicable laws. If no RMB Settlement Centre is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
RMB Settlement Centre shall be deemed to be in Hong Kong. 
7.11 
RMB Currency Event 
If “RMB Currency Event” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and a RMB Currency Event 
occurs and is continuing on a date for payment of any amount due on any Note or Coupon, the Issuer’s obligation to 
make payment in RMB under the terms of the Notes may be satisfied by payment of such amount in U.S. dollars 
converted using the Spot Rate for the Rate Calculation Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event that is continuing, the Issuer shall give irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 not less than five nor more than 30 days before the relevant due date 
for payment or, if this is not practicable due to the time at which the relevant RMB Currency Event occurs, as soon 
as practicable following such occurrence, stating the occurrence of the RMB Currency Event, giving details thereof 
and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.

--- Page 282 ---
261 
For the purpose of this Condition and unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms (and subject, in the case 
of any determination of the Calculation Agent, to the provisions of Condition 6.4): 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), 
court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with 
the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong, 
“Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong, London and New York City, 
“Rate Calculation Date” means the day that is two Rate Calculation Business Days before the due date of the 
relevant payment under the Notes, 
“RMB Currency Event” means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and RMB Inconvertibility, 
“RMB Illiquidity” means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result of which the 
Issuer cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to make a payment, of any amount, in whole or in part, under the 
Notes, as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following 
consultation with two independent foreign exchange dealers of international repute active in the RMB exchange 
market in Hong Kong, 
“RMB Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert in the 
general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong any amount, in whole or in part, due on the Notes into RMB on any 
payment date, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law 
enacted by a Governmental Authority (unless such law is enacted after the Issue Date of the most recently issued 
Tranche of Notes of this Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, to 
comply with such law), 
“RMB Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to deliver 
RMB between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong 
(including where the RMB clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or 
suspended), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law 
enacted by a Governmental Authority (unless such law is enacted after the Issue Date of the most recently issued 
Tranche of Notes of this Series and it is impossible for the Issuer due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law), and 
“Spot Rate” means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with RMB in the over-
the-counter RMB exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Rate Calculation Business Days, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date, on a 
deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-
deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent 
shall, acting reasonably and in good faith, determine the rate taking into consideration all available information that 
the Calculation Agent deems relevant, including, among other things, pricing information obtained from the RMB 
non-deliverable exchange market in Hong Kong or elsewhere and the CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate in the PRC 
domestic foreign exchange market. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated 
on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page 
for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed by the 
Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in (except as provided in

--- Page 283 ---
262 
Conditions 7.8 and 7.9) the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
8.2 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If: 
(a) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 9.2(b)), or any change in the application or official interpretation of the laws of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes effective after the date on which agreement is reached 
to issue the most recently issued Tranche of Notes of this Series (which shall, for the avoidance of doubt 
and for the purposes of this Condition 8.2, be the date on which the applicable Final Terms is signed by the 
Issuer), on the next Interest Payment Date, the Issuer would be required to: 
(i) 
pay Additional Amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9, and 
(ii) 
make any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed, assessed or levied 
by (or on behalf of) a Relevant Jurisdiction at a rate in excess of the applicable prevailing rates on 
the date on which agreement is reached to issue the most recently issued Tranche of Notes of this 
Series, and 
(b) 
such requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
then the Issuer may, at its option, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the applicable Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes of this Series on any Payment Business Day at their Early Redemption Amount together (if 
applicable) with all interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Prior to the publication of 
any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.2, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent: (i) a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the requirement referred to in clause (a) will apply on 
the next Interest Payment Date and cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it and 
(ii) an opinion of independent legal or tax advisors of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
8.3 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 8.3 applies to Notes that are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the 
Issuer (other than for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 8.2), such option being referred to as an “Issuer Call.” 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with 
this Condition 8.3 for full information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the applicable Final Terms identifies any 
Optional Redemption Date(s), any Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes that 
can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
If “Issuer Call” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the Issuer may, having given not 
less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption), redeem all or (if a Minimum Redemption Amount and/or Maximum Redemption Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable) some only of the Notes then outstanding on any 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together (if applicable) with all interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date. If a Minimum Redemption Amount and/or Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, then any such redemption must be of a principal amount not less than such Minimum 
Redemption Amount nor more than such Maximum Redemption Amount.

--- Page 284 ---
263 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes under this Condition 8.3, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) 
will: (a) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, and (b) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global 
Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion) and/or DTC (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be 
published in accordance with Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (or, if the 
Final Terms for the applicable Series provides for a shorter minimum notice period for redemption, such shorter 
number of days). 
No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection 
Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.3. 
“Optional Redemption Date” has the meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.4 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 8.4 applies to Notes that are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the 
Noteholder, such option being referred to as an “Investor Put.” The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 8.4 for full information on any 
Investor Put. In particular, the applicable Final Terms identifies any Optional Redemption Date(s), any Optional 
Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If “Investor Put” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then upon the holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such 
Note (or, for Global Notes, the indicated part thereof) on the relevant Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if applicable, with all interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) such Optional 
Redemption Date. Registered Notes (or, for Global Notes, a nominal amount thereof) may be redeemed under this 
Condition 8.4 in any Specified Denomination. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note (or a portion hereof): 
(a) 
if this Note is in definitive form and is held outside of a clearing system, then the holder of this Note must 
deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or the Registrar, 
as the case may be, falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the 
form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or the Registrar, 
as the case may be, (a “Put Notice”) and in which such holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment 
is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 8.4 and, 
in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full 
nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new 
Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2; if this Note is in definitive bearer form, then the Put 
Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this 
Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to such Paying Agent’s order or under its control, 
and 
(b) 
if this Note is represented by a Global Note or is held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg while 
in definitive form, then the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Fiscal 
Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable (which may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) 
in a form acceptable to DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to time.

--- Page 285 ---
264 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, given by a holder of this Note pursuant to this Condition 8.4 shall be irrevocable except 
where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such 
holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.4 and 
instead to declare this Note (or, if a Global Note, a portion hereof) forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 11. 
8.5 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control 
If “Change of Control Put” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the following rules 
shall apply. 
(a) 
Following the occurrence of a Change of Control, each Noteholder (or, for Global Notes, the holder of a 
beneficial interest therein) will have the right (the “Change of Control Put Right”), at such Noteholder’s 
(or, for Global Notes, such beneficial owner’s) option, to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s 
option, to procure the purchase of, in each case in whole but not in part, its Note (or, for Global Notes, such 
beneficial owners’ part thereof) on the Change of Control Put Date at, in respect of each relevant Note (or 
beneficial interest therein), the sum of: (i) the Optional Redemption Amount plus (ii) interest accrued 
thereon and unpaid to (but excluding) such date. 
(b) 
A Change of Control Put Right shall be exercised in the following manner: 
(i) 
If this Note is in definitive form, the holder of this Note must complete, sign and deposit at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) a duly completed and signed notice, in the form for the time being current, 
obtainable during normal business hours from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a 
“Change of Control Put Exercise Notice”), together with the Definitive Note to be redeemed, by 
not later than 30 days following a Change of Control or 30 days following the date upon which 
notice of the occurrence thereof is given to the relevant Noteholder (in accordance with 
Condition 15) by the Issuer, whichever is later. The Change of Control Put Exercise Notice must 
specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition 8.5 on the Change of Control Put Date. The “Change 
of Control Put Date” shall be the 14th day after the expiry of the 30-day period following a 
Change of Control or, if later, following the date upon which notice of the occurrence thereof is 
given to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 15) by the Issuer. 
(ii) 
If this Note is a Global Note, then the holder of a beneficial interest in this Note must, within the 
notice period described in clause (i), give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable 
(which may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any depositary for the applicable one of them to the Fiscal Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, from time to time. 
(c) 
Any Change of Control Put Exercise Notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, given by a holder of an interest in a Global Note 
(which may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any depositary for them or registered nominee thereof to the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of 
Registered Global Notes, the Registrar by electronic means) pursuant to this Condition 8.5 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.5 and instead to declare its interest in such Global Note (which 
may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any depositary for them or registered nominee thereof to the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of 
Registered Global Notes, the Registrar by electronic means) immediately due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 11.

--- Page 286 ---
265 
(d) 
No Agent shall be required to take any steps to ascertain whether a Change of Control or any event that 
could lead to the occurrence of a Change of Control has occurred. 
(e) 
Not later than two business days in İstanbul after becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of 
Control, the Issuer shall procure that notice shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 stating: 
(i) 
the date of such Change of Control and, briefly, the events causing such Change of Control, 
(ii) 
the date by which the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice must be given, 
(iii) 
the Change of Control Put Date, 
(iv) 
the names and addresses of all Paying Agents, 
(v) 
the procedures that Noteholders must follow and the requirements that Noteholders must satisfy in 
order to exercise the Change of Control Put Right, and 
(vi) 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding as of the latest practicable date prior to 
the publication of such notice. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, a “Change of Control” occurs when the Republic of Türkiye, whether acting 
through the Ministry of Treasury and Finance of Türkiye, the Ministry of Culture and Tourism of Türkiye, the 
Privatisation Administration (in Turkish: Özelleştirme İdaresi Başkanlığı) of Türkiye, Türkiye’s sovereign wealth 
fund (in Turkish: Türkiye Varlık Fonu), its management company (in Turkish: Türkiye Varlık Fonu Yönetimi A.Ş.) or 
otherwise (in the aggregate): (a) ceases to own (which ownership may be held directly and/or indirectly) more than 
50% of the share capital giving the right to vote at a general meeting of the Issuer or (b) ceases to have the right 
(which may be exercised directly or indirectly) to appoint, or direct the appointment of, a majority of the board of 
directors of the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of a Change of Control shall not constitute an 
Event of Default. 
8.6 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 8.2 and 11.1, each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated 
as follows (the “Early Redemption Amount”): 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the first Tranche of Notes 
of this Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof, 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount that is or may be 
less or greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of Notes of this Series, at the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its 
outstanding principal amount, or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
“RP” 
means the Reference Price set forth in the applicable Final Terms, 
“AY” 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal, and

--- Page 287 ---
266 
“y” 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms, which shall be any of: (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator shall be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of Notes of this Series to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 360), (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator shall be equal to the actual number of days 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of this Series to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator 
shall be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of Notes of this Series to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the 
date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
8.7 
Purchases by the Issuer and/or its Subsidiaries 
The Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase, have assigned or otherwise transferred to it or 
otherwise acquire (or have a third party do so for its benefit) Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (provided that, in 
the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) in any manner and at any price in the open market or otherwise, including (without limitation) in its 
capacity as a broker for a customer. If any such purchases or acquisitions of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) 
are made by tender, exchange or other process, then such tender, exchange or other process shall not be required to 
be available to all Noteholders of the applicable Series, or in the same manner, except to the extent required by law. 
Such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (and, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, the related Coupons and 
Talons) may be held, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or (with the Issuer’s consent) any such Subsidiary (as the 
case may be) for those Notes (or beneficial interests therein) held by it, surrendered or notified to any Paying Agent 
and/or the Registrar for cancellation pursuant to Condition 8.8; provided that any such resale or surrender of a 
Definitive Bearer Note shall include a sale or surrender (as applicable) of all related Coupons and Talons. 
8.8 
Cancellation 
All Notes that are redeemed, all Global Notes that are exchanged in full, all Registered Notes that have been 
transferred, all Coupons that are paid and all Talons that are exchanged shall be cancelled by the Agent by which 
they are redeemed, exchanged, transferred or paid. All Notes so cancelled cannot be reissued or resold and (if such 
cancellation is for the full amount thereof) the applicable Global Note or Definitive Note shall be forwarded to the 
Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar for cancellation. 
In addition, the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may, in accordance with Condition 8.7, surrender to any Paying 
Agent or the Registrar any Notes (in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if 
any) related to them) held by it that it wishes to have cancelled (or notify the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the Registrar of any beneficial interests in a Global Note to be so cancelled), which Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) (and, if applicable, unmatured Coupons or Talons) shall, to the extent that the Issuer 
indicates in writing the same to the relevant Paying Agent (or, as applicable, the Registrar), be promptly cancelled 
by the Agent to which they are surrendered (or, as the case may be, the Agent(s) so notified). All Notes so cancelled 
cannot be reissued or resold and (if such cancellation is for the full amount thereof) the applicable Global Note or 
Definitive Note shall be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar for cancellation. 
Each of the Agents shall deliver all cancelled Notes, Coupons and Talons to the Fiscal Agent or as the Fiscal Agent 
may specify. 
8.9 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note pursuant to 
this Condition 8 or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 11 is improperly withheld or 
refused, then the amount due and repayable on such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
Condition 8.6(c) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such 
Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date that is the earlier of:

--- Page 288 ---
267 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due on such Zero Coupon Note have been paid, and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable on such Zero Coupon Notes has 
been received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
9. 
TAXATION 
9.1 
Payment without Withholding 
All payments of principal and interest on the Notes (including with respect to the Coupons, if any) by (or on behalf 
of) the Issuer shall be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, levies, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (“Taxes”) imposed, assessed or levied by (or 
on behalf of) any Relevant Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the 
Issuer shall pay such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts that would have been receivable on the Notes (including with respect to the Coupons, if any) in the absence 
of such withholding or deduction; provided that no Additional Amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment 
on any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment by (or on behalf of) a holder who is liable for Taxes in respect of the Note or 
Coupon by reason of such holder having some connection with any Relevant Jurisdiction other than the 
mere holding of the Note or Coupon or the receipt of payment in respect thereof, 
(b) 
presented for payment in Türkiye, or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that a holder of the 
relevant Note or Coupon would have been entitled to Additional Amounts on presenting the same for 
payment on the last day of such 30 day period (assuming that day to have been a Payment Business Day). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other 
Person be required to pay any Additional Amounts or other amounts in respect of the Notes (including on Coupons) 
for, or on account of, any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
9.2 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Relevant Date” means, with respect to any payment, the date on which such payment first becomes due but, if the 
full amount of the money payable has not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or before the due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such money having been so received, notice to that effect has been duly given to 
the holder of the applicable Note by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15, and 
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means: (a) Türkiye or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax or (b) any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments made by it of principal and interest on the 
Notes (including with respect to the Coupons, if any). 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal 
and/or interest with respect thereto are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in 
the case of interest) from the Relevant Date therefor.

--- Page 289 ---
268 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for payment 
in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7.2 or any Talon that would be void 
pursuant to Condition 7.2. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
11.1 
Events of Default 
The holder of any Note may give notice to the Issuer that such Note is, and such Note shall accordingly forthwith 
become, immediately due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount, with all interest accrued and unpaid to 
(but excluding) the date of repayment, if any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall have 
occurred and be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made by the Issuer in the payment of any principal or interest due on the Notes or any of them 
and the default continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal or 14 days in the case of 
interest, 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Conditions and (except in 
any case where the failure is incapable of remedy, when no continuation or notice as is hereinafter 
mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 14 days following the service by any 
Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied, 
(c) 
if: (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes due 
and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described), (ii) the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the 
due date for payment, subject to any applicable grace period, (iii) any security given by the Issuer or any of 
its Material Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes enforceable or (iv) default is 
made by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee 
and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other Person, 
subject to any applicable grace period; provided that the aggregate principal amount of: (A) such 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary in the case of clause(s) (i), (ii) 
and/or (iii) above and/or (B) the maximum amount payable by the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary under 
such guarantee and/or indemnity of the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary in the case of clause (iv) above 
exceeds US$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency(ies)), 
(d) 
if: 
(i) 
any order is made by any competent court or the Government of Türkiye, as the case may be, or 
resolution is passed for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries, 
(ii) 
(A) the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part, or any 
Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or substantially the whole, 
in each case, of its business, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders, or (B) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
suspends or threatens to suspend payment of, or is unable to (or admits inability to) pay, its debts 
(or any class of its debts) as they fall due or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for 
the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated, declared or found by a competent authority 
to be (or becomes) bankrupt or insolvent, 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries commences negotiations with one or more of its 
creditors with a view to the general readjustment or rescheduling of all or a substantial part of its 
indebtedness, or

--- Page 290 ---
269 
(iv) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries: (A) takes any corporate action or other steps are 
taken or legal proceedings are started: (1) for its winding-up, dissolution, administration, 
bankruptcy or reorganisation (other than for the purposes of and followed by a reconstruction 
while solvent upon terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders) or 
(2) for the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee or 
similar officer of it or any substantial part or all of its revenues and assets or (B) shall, or proposes 
to, make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or shall enter into any composition 
with its creditors, 
 
in each case in clauses (i) to (iv) above, save for the solvent voluntary winding-up, dissolution or 
reorganisation of any Material Subsidiary in connection with any combination with, or transfer of the 
whole or substantially the whole of its business and/or assets to, the Issuer or one or more other 
Subsidiary(ies) of the Issuer, 
(e) 
if the Issuer is or becomes entitled or subject to, or is declared by law or otherwise to be protected by, 
immunity (sovereign or otherwise) and Condition 19.4 is held to be invalid or unenforceable, or 
(f) 
if the banking licence of the Issuer is temporarily or permanently revoked or the management of the Issuer 
is taken over by the Savings Deposit Insurance Fund under the provisions of the Banking Law (Law 
No. 5411) of Türkiye. 
11.2 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of this Condition 11: 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or other 
amounts) for or in respect of: 
(a) 
any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities, 
(b) 
any borrowed money, or 
(c) 
any liability under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit. 
“Material Subsidiary” means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary that itself has Subsidiaries) represent (or, in the 
case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles relate, are 
equal to) not less than 10% of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer, all as calculated respectively by 
reference to the then latest audited financial statements (consolidated or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles and the then latest 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles; 
provided that, in the case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired after the end of the financial period to 
which the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with 
BRSA Principles relate, the reference to the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until 
consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles for the financial period in 
which the acquisition is made have been prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to 
such first-mentioned accounts as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by reference to its 
then latest relevant audited accounts, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the Issuer, 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a Subsidiary of 
the Issuer that immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary; provided that the transferor 
Subsidiary shall upon such transfer immediately cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the transferee

--- Page 291 ---
270 
Subsidiary shall immediately become a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this clause (b) but shall cease to be 
a Material Subsidiary on the date of publication of the Issuer’s next consolidated audited financial 
statements prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles unless it would then be a Material Subsidiary 
under clause (a), or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets that, taken together with the undertaking or assets of the 
transferee Subsidiary, represent (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary being acquired after the end of 
the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared 
in accordance with BRSA Principles relate, are equal to) not less than 10% of the consolidated total assets 
of the Issuer, all as calculated as set out in clause (a); provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a Material 
Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer immediately cease to be a Material Subsidiary unless, immediately 
following such transfer, its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10% of the 
consolidated total assets of the Issuer (all as calculated as set out in clause (a)), and the transferee 
Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this clause (c) on the date of the publication 
of the Issuer’s next audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with BRSA 
Principles, save that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary 
on or at any time after the date on which such consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance 
with BRSA Principles have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of clause (a) 
or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition. 
A report by the auditors of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at any particular 
time a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding upon all parties. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) or the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to: (a) evidence of such loss, theft, mutilation, defacement or destruction and (b) 
indemnity, in each case as the Issuer and/or the Fiscal Agent or, as applicable, the Registrar may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out in the Agency Agreement. If any 
additional Agents are appointed in connection with this Series, then the names of such Agents will be specified in 
Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
Subject to the terms of the Agency Agreement, the Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent, appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any Agent acts; provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar, 
(b) 
there will at all times be: (i) in the case of Bearer Notes, a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent), 
and (ii) in the case of Registered Notes, a Transfer Agent (which may be the Registrar), 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction other than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is 
incorporated, 
(d) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars are 
held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent with a specified office in the 
United States, and

--- Page 292 ---
271 
(e) 
so long as this Series of Notes was listed on a stock exchange by the Issuer and remains so listed, there will 
at all times be an Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) having a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of such exchange or any other relevant authority. 
In addition, the Issuer shall as promptly as practicable appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in the 
United States in the circumstances described in Condition 7.5. 
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Agents and of any changes to the specified office of 
an Agent will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
Any such variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of the 
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar event of the applicable Agent, a Paying Agent ceasing to be a FATCA-Compliant 
Entity, a Paying Agent determining that it is unable to concur with the Issuer in respect of Benchmark Amendments 
for the reasons outlined in Condition 6.7(I)(d) or as otherwise prescribed by the Agency Agreement, when it shall be 
of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, Couponholder or other Person. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted, with which it is 
consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition, “FATCA-Compliant Entity” means a Person payments to whom are not subject to 
any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon included in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon 
(if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and 
including) the final date for the payment of interest due on the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject 
to the provisions of Condition 10. 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices to Noteholders regarding the Bearer Notes shall be in English and be deemed to be validly given if 
published in English in a leading English language newspaper of general circulation in London. It is anticipated (but 
not required) that any such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure 
that notices are duly published in a manner that complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Bearer Notes (if any) are (at the request of the Issuer) for the time being listed or by which 
they have been admitted to trading, including publication on the website of such stock exchange and/or other 
relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of the 
first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date by which 
publication has occurred in all required newspapers. 
All notices to Noteholders regarding the Registered Notes shall be in English and be deemed to be validly given if 
sent by messenger, courier, first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first 
named of joint holders) of such Registered Notes at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of delivery (if delivered by messenger or courier) or the fourth day after 
mailing (if sent by mail). In addition, for so long as any Registered Note is (at the request of the Issuer) listed on a 
stock exchange or admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of such stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice shall be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange and/or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.

--- Page 293 ---
272 
So long as any Global Note is held on behalf of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, there may be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such website(s) or such delivery or mailing the delivery of 
the relevant notice to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, for communication by them 
to the holders of interests in such Global Note. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of 
interests in such Note on such day as is specified in the applicable Final Terms after the day on which such notice 
was given to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable (or, if not so specified, on the second 
London Business Day after the date on which such notice was given to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable). 
In addition, for so long as any Note is (at the request of the Issuer) listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading 
by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, the notice 
described in the previous paragraph shall be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing in English and given by lodging the same (together, in the 
case of any Definitive Bearer Note, with the relevant Definitive Bearer Note) with the Fiscal Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Any such Definitive Bearer Note shall be returned 
to the relevant Noteholder after such notice has been given in the event such Definitive Bearer Note is otherwise due 
to be returned to such Noteholder. For so long as any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice 
may be given by any holder of an interest in such Global Note to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar through DTC, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar 
and DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
Holders of any Coupon appertaining to a Note shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to the applicable Noteholder. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATIONS 
16.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (including at a physical 
location or by means of an electronic platform (such as a conference call or videoconference) or a combination 
thereof) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of 
any modification of the Notes (including any of these Conditions), the Coupons or any of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer at any time and shall be convened by the Issuer 
if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of 
this Series for the time being outstanding. A meeting that has been validly convened in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement may be cancelled by the Person(s) who convened (or, if applicable, caused the 
Issuer to convene) such meeting by giving at least five days’ notice (which, in the case of a meeting convened by the 
Issuer, shall be given to the applicable Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 and to the Fiscal Agent); 
provided that if the Issuer had convened such meeting after having been required to do so by one or more 
Noteholder(s) pursuant to Clause 3.1 of Schedule 5 of the Agency Agreement, then the Issuer may not so cancel 
such meeting absent a request to do so from such Noteholder(s). 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more eligible Person(s) present 
and holding or representing in the aggregate at least a majority of the principal amount of the Notes of this Series for 
the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more eligible Person(s) present being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting 
the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes (including these Conditions) or 
the Coupons (including modifying the Maturity Date of the applicable Series of Notes or any date for the payment of 
interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or interest payable on the applicable Series of Notes, 
altering the currency of payment of the applicable Series of Notes or the related Coupons or amending the Deed of 
Covenant in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more eligible Person(s) present and holding or 
representing in the aggregate not less than two-thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of this Series 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more eligible Person(s) present and holding 
or representing in the aggregate not less than one-third in principal amount of the Notes of this Series for the time

--- Page 294 ---
273 
being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed by the Noteholders shall be binding upon all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present or represented at any meeting and whether or not they vote on the 
resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that (inter alia): (a) a resolution in writing signed by (or on behalf of) the 
Noteholders of not less than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of this Series for the time being 
outstanding (whether such resolution in writing is contained in one document or several documents in the same 
form, each signed by (or on behalf of) one or more Noteholders) or (b) consent given by way of electronic consents 
through the relevant clearing system(s) by (or on behalf of) the Noteholders of not less than 75% of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes of this Series for the time being outstanding will, in each case, take effect as if it were 
an Extraordinary Resolution and shall be binding upon all Noteholders. 
16.2 
Modification without Noteholder Consent 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, effect any modification (except such 
modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as mentioned in Condition 16.1) of any of the 
Notes (including these Conditions), the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll or the Agency Agreement that is, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, either: (a) for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing or correcting any manifest or 
proven error or any other defective provision contained herein or therein or (b) following the advice of an 
independent financial institution of international standing, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. Any such modification shall be binding upon the Noteholders and Couponholders and shall be notified 
by the Issuer to the applicable Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions or the Agency Agreement, the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall not be required in the case of amendments to these Conditions pursuant to 
Condition 6.7 to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate(s) or amount of interest or the basis for calculating 
any Interest Amount on the Notes or for any other variation of these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement 
required to be made in the circumstances described in Condition 6.7 (with respect to Condition 6.7(I), where the 
Issuer has delivered to the Calculation Agent a certificate pursuant to Condition 6.7(I)(e)). 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, create and issue further 
notes having terms and conditions the same as those of this Series of Notes, or the same in all respects except for the 
amount and/or date of the first payment of interest thereon, the issue date and/or the date from which interest starts 
to accrue, so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with such outstanding Notes; provided that 
the Issuer shall ensure that such further notes will be fungible with such outstanding Notes for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes as a result of their issuance being a “qualified reopening” under U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.1275-2(k) 
unless the original Notes were, and such further Notes are, offered and sold by (or on behalf of) the Issuer solely in 
reliance upon Regulation S in offshore transactions to Persons other than U.S. persons. 
In addition, the Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, create and 
issue separate Series of Notes under the Programme. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No Person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any Person that exists or is available apart from 
that Act.

--- Page 295 ---
274 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing Law 
These Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith, are and shall be (and 
the Notes and Coupons state that they, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, 
are and shall be) governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
19.2 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the High Court of 
Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any 
appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that arise out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons 
(including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or 
Coupons) and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts with respect thereto. 
In connection with any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the 
Coupons (including any such suit, action or other proceeding relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) (together referred to as “Proceedings”), the Issuer waives 
any objection to the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom 
appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of 
England and Wales) on the grounds that it is an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may initiate any Proceedings against the 
Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
19.3 
Consent to Enforcement 
The Issuer agrees, without prejudice to the enforcement of a judgment obtained in the High Court of Justice of 
England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating 
to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) according to the provisions 
of Article 54 of the International Private and Procedure Law of Türkiye (Law No. 5718), that in the event that any 
action is brought in relation to the Issuer in a court in Türkiye in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, in 
addition to other permissible legal evidence pursuant to the Civil Procedure Code of Türkiye (Law No. 6100), any 
judgment obtained in such courts in connection with such action shall constitute conclusive evidence of the 
existence and amount of the claim against the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of the first paragraph of Article 193 
of the Civil Procedure Code of Türkiye (Law No. 6100) and Articles 58 and 59 of the International Private and 
Procedure Law of Türkiye (Law No. 5718). 
19.4 
Waiver of Immunity 
To the extent that the Issuer may, in relation to any Proceedings in any jurisdiction, claim for itself or its assets or 
revenues immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, before judgment or otherwise) or 
other legal process and to the extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed in any such 
jurisdiction to the Issuer or its assets or revenues, the Issuer agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such 
immunity to the full extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction. 
19.5 
Service of Process 
In connection with any Proceedings in England, service of process may be made upon the Issuer at the offices of 
Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited (with a current address of Eighth Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London 
EC2N 4AG, England) and the Issuer undertakes that, in the event of such process agent ceasing so to act, the Issuer 
shall promptly appoint another Person as its agent for that purpose. This Condition does not affect the right to serve 
process in any other manner allowed by law.

--- Page 296 ---
275 
19.6 
Other Documents 
The Issuer has, in the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed Poll, submitted to the jurisdiction of 
the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in 
respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and 
Wales) and agreed to service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above in this Condition 19. In 
addition, the Issuer has, in such documents, waived any rights to sovereign immunity and other similar defences that 
it may have.

--- Page 297 ---
276 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of the Clearing Systems currently in effect. The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has 
been obtained from sources that the Bank’s management believes to be reliable, but neither the Bank nor any Dealer takes 
any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised 
to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of the 
Issuer nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any 
Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is required to notify Central Registry İstanbul within three İstanbul 
business days from the applicable Issue Date of a Tranche of Notes of the amount, Issue Date, ISIN (if any), interest 
commencement date, maturity date, interest rate, name of the custodian and currency of such Notes and the country of 
issuance. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking Law, a 
“banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of 
the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. 
DTC holds securities that its direct participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement 
among Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic 
computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of 
securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations 
and certain other organisations. Access to the DTC System is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, 
banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or 
indirectly (“Indirect Participants” and, with Direct Participants, “Participants”). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the “DTC Rules”), DTC 
makes book-entry transfers of securities among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect to notes accepted into 
DTC’s book-entry settlement system (“DTC Notes”) as described below and receives and transmits distributions of principal 
and interest on DTC Notes. The DTC Rules are on file with the SEC. Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC 
Notes (“DTC Beneficial Owners”) have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-entry 
transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective DTC Beneficial Owners. Accordingly, 
although DTC Beneficial Owners who hold interests in DTC Notes through Participants will not possess the securities, the 
DTC Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive 
payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive 
a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each DTC Beneficial Owner is in turn to be recorded 
on the relevant Direct Participant’s and Indirect Participant’s records. DTC Beneficial Owners will not receive written 
confirmation from DTC of their purchases, but DTC Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations 
providing details of each transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Participant through which the 
DTC Beneficial Owner holds its interest in the DTC Notes. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be 
accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of DTC Beneficial Owners. DTC Beneficial 
Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the 
book-entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in the 
name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of 
Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual DTC Beneficial Owners; DTC’s 
records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may

--- Page 298 ---
277 
not be the DTC Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf 
of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect 
Participants, and by Participants to DTC Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any 
statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices will be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being redeemed, 
DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes. Under its usual procedures, DTC 
mails an omnibus proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The omnibus proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s 
consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC Notes are credited on the record date 
(identified in a listing attached to the omnibus proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to DTC or its nominee. DTC’s practice is to credit 
accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the 
records of DTC, subject to the receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer or the relevant Paying 
Agent. Payments by Participants to DTC Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name,” and 
will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements 
as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC or its nominee is the responsibility of the 
Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such 
payments to the DTC Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange the DTC 
Notes for Definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Direct Participants in accordance with their requests and 
proportionate entitlements and that will be legended as described in “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any DTC 
Beneficial Owner desiring to pledge its interest in DTC Notes to Persons that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take 
actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to effect such pledge through DTC and its Participants or, if not 
possible to so effect it, to withdraw its securities from DTC as described below. 
The applicable laws in some jurisdictions might require that certain Persons take physical delivery of securities in 
definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to such 
Persons might depend upon the ability to exchange such interest for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can 
only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a 
Person having an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such interest to 
Persons that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the 
ability to exchange such interest for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of an interest in Notes represented by 
a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such interests might be impaired if the 
proposed transferee of such interests is not eligible to hold such interests through a Participant. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg as a professional depositary. Clearstream, 
Luxembourg holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between 
Clearstream, Luxembourg customers through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
customers, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. Transactions may be settled by Clearstream, 
Luxembourg in any of a number of currencies, including U.S. dollars and Turkish Lira. Clearstream, Luxembourg provides to 
its customers, among other things, services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded 
securities and securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream, Luxembourg also deals with domestic securities markets in 
several countries through established depository and custodial relationships.

--- Page 299 ---
278 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is registered as a bank in Luxembourg, and as such is subject to regulation by the 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier and the Banque Centrale du Luxembourg, which supervise and oversee the 
activities of Luxembourg banks. Clearstream, Luxembourg’s customers are recognised financial institutions around the 
world, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship 
with a direct participant in Clearstream, Luxembourg. Clearstream, Luxembourg has established an electronic bridge with 
Euroclear to facilitate settlement of trades between Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. 
The ability of an owner of a beneficial interest in a Note held through Clearstream, Luxembourg to pledge such 
interest to Persons that do not participate in the Clearstream, Luxembourg system, or otherwise take action in respect of such 
interest, might be limited by the lack of a definitive note for such interest because Clearstream, Luxembourg can act only on 
behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg’s customers, who in turn act on behalf of their own customers. The applicable laws of 
some jurisdictions might require that certain Persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the 
ability to transfer beneficial interests in the Notes to such Persons might be limited. In addition, beneficial owners of Notes 
held through the Clearstream, Luxembourg system will receive payments of principal, interest and any other amounts on the 
Notes only through Clearstream, Luxembourg participants. 
Euroclear 
Euroclear holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions by 
electronic book-entry transfer between its direct participants. Euroclear provides various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear 
also deals with domestic securities markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. 
Euroclear customers are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with participants in Euroclear. 
The ability of an owner of a beneficial interest in a Note held through Euroclear to pledge such interest to Persons 
that do not participate in the Euroclear system, or otherwise take action in respect of such interest, might be limited by the 
lack of a definitive note for such interest because Euroclear can act only on behalf of Euroclear’s customers, who in turn act 
on behalf of their own customers. The applicable laws of some jurisdictions might require that certain Persons take physical 
delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests in the Notes to such Persons 
might be limited. In addition, beneficial owners of Notes held through the Euroclear system will receive payments of 
principal, interest and any other amounts on the Notes only through Euroclear participants. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments on Global Notes 
The Issuer has applied to each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to have Global Note(s) accepted in its 
book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Global Note, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the interests represented by such 
Global Note to the accounts of Persons who have accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
Such accounts initially will be designated by (or on behalf of) the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). Interests in such a Global 
Note through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, will be limited to participants of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. Interests in such a Global Note will be shown on, and the transfer of such interests 
will be effected only through, records maintained by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or its nominee (with respect 
to the interests of direct Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants) and the records of direct or indirect 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants (with respect to interests of indirect Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg participants). 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note 
accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, DTC or its custodian will 
credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented by 
such Registered Global Note to the accounts of Persons who have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be 
designated by (or on behalf of) the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered 
Global Note will be limited to Direct Participants and Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S 
Registered Global Note, the respective depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial

--- Page 300 ---
279 
interests in a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected 
only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records 
of Direct Participants and Indirect Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest on a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will be made to the 
order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Global Note. In the case of any payment in a currency other than 
U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in 
accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial owners 
of interests in the Registered Global Note in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of 
such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants’ account. 
Subject to the preceding paragraph, payments of principal and interest on a Global Note will be made to DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or their respective nominee, as the case may be, as the registered holder of such Global 
Note. The Issuer expects DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear to credit accounts of their respective direct 
accountholders on the applicable payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by direct DTC, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders to indirect participants in such Clearing Systems will be governed by standing 
instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers of such Clearing 
System, and will be the responsibility of such direct participant and not the responsibility of such Clearing System, the Fiscal 
Agent, any Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Bank. Payments of principal and interest on the Notes to a Clearing System (or 
its nominee) are the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described in “Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions,” cross-market transfers between Participants in DTC, on the one hand, and directly and indirectly 
through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear participants, on the other, will be effected by the relevant Clearing System in 
accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and any custodian (“Custodian”) with 
whom the relevant Registered Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Tranche, transfers of Notes of such Tranche between participants in Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Tranche between Participants in DTC will generally have a 
settlement date two business days after the trade date (T+2). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will 
apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between participants in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and Participants in DTC will 
need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is no direct link between DTC, on 
the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Registered 
Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where 
appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the 
designated account for the transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg participants and DTC’s Participants cannot be made on a delivery-versus-payment basis. The securities will be 
delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
Each Clearing System has published rules and operating procedures designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial 
interests in global securities among participants of the Clearing Systems; however, they are under no obligation to perform or 
continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures might be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, 
the Agents or any Arranger or Dealer will be responsible for any performance by the Clearing Systems or their respective 
direct or indirect participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and 
none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial 
interests in the Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 301 ---
280 
TAXATION 
This is a general summary of certain U.S. federal and Turkish tax laws and other tax considerations in connection 
with an investment in the Notes. This summary does not address all aspects of U.S. federal and Turkish tax law and 
considerations or the laws of other jurisdictions (including the UK or any state or local tax law, including any jurisdiction in 
which an investor in the Notes is subject to taxes). While this summary is considered to be a correct interpretation of existing 
laws in force on the date of this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that those laws or the interpretation of those laws 
will not change. This summary does not discuss all of the tax consequences that might be relevant to an investor in light of 
such investor’s particular circumstances or to investors subject to special rules, such as regulated investment companies, 
certain financial institutions or insurance companies. In addition, each investor should note that the tax laws of such 
investor’s jurisdiction might have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective investors in the Notes are advised to consult their tax advisors with respect to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership or disposition of the Notes (or the purchase, ownership or disposition by an 
owner of beneficial interests therein) as well as any tax consequences that might arise under the laws of any state, 
municipality or other taxing jurisdiction (including of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile), including 
(but not limited to) the consequences of receipt of payments on the Notes and the disposal of investments in the Notes. 
Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences 
The following summary describes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of a Note by a U.S. Holder (as defined below) whose functional currency is the U.S. dollar that acquires the Note 
from the Dealers at a price equal to the issue price of the Notes (as defined under “-Original Issue Discount - General”) and 
holds it as a capital asset. This summary does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that might be applicable 
to particular U.S. Holders subject to special U.S. federal income tax rules, including, among others, tax-exempt organisations, 
financial institutions, accrual method taxpayers that file applicable financial statements (as described in Section 451(b) of the 
Code), dealers and traders in securities or currencies, U.S. Holders that will hold a Note as part of a “straddle,” hedging 
transaction, “conversion transaction” or other integrated transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. Holders that 
enter into “constructive sale” transactions with respect to the Notes, U.S. Holders liable for any alternative minimum tax and 
certain U.S. expatriates. In addition, this summary does not address consequences to U.S. Holders of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of a Note under any other U.S. federal tax laws (e.g., estate or gift tax laws) or the tax laws of any 
state, locality or other political subdivision of the United States or other countries or jurisdictions. 
This summary does not discuss Notes that by their terms may be retired for an amount less than their principal 
amount and Notes subject to special rules. The tax treatment of certain Notes may be specified in the relevant supplement to 
this Base Prospectus. Moreover, this summary does not discuss Bearer Notes. In general, U.S. federal income tax law 
imposes significant limitations on U.S. Holders of Bearer Notes. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the 
restrictions and penalties imposed under U.S. federal income tax law with respect to Bearer Notes and any other tax 
consequences with respect to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of any of these Notes. 
As used herein, the term “U.S. Holder” means an owner of a Note that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: (a) 
an individual who is a citizen or resident of the U.S., (b) an entity taxable as a corporation created or organised in or under 
the laws of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (c) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal 
income taxation regardless of its source or (d) a trust whose administration is subject to the primary supervision of a United 
States court and that has one or more United States person(s) (as defined under the Code) who have the authority to control 
all substantial decisions of the trust or a valid election for such persons to be treated as United States person(s) (as defined 
under the Code) is in effect with respect to such trust. References herein to a U.S. Holder holding a Note shall also refer to 
the holding of a beneficial interest in a Global Note. 
If an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds a Note, then the U.S. 
federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the 
partnership. Therefore, a partnership holding a Note and its partners should consult their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of a Note. 
The discussion below is based upon the Code, U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, and judicial and 
administrative interpretations thereof, all as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus and any of which may at any time

--- Page 302 ---
281 
be repealed, revoked or modified or subject to differing interpretations, potentially retroactively, so as to result in U.S. federal 
income tax consequences different from those discussed below. 
The summary of the U.S. federal income tax consequences set out below is for general information only. Investors 
in the Notes should consult their tax advisors as to the particular tax consequences to them of owning investments in the 
Notes, including the applicability and effect of state, local, foreign and other tax laws and possible changes in tax law. 
Payments of Interest 
Payments of interest on the Notes, including Additional Amounts, if any, other than interest on a Discount Note that 
is not “qualified stated interest” (each as defined under “-Original Issue Discount - General”), generally will be taxable to a 
U.S. Holder as ordinary income at the time that such payments are received or accrued, in accordance with such U.S. 
Holder’s usual method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Interest paid on a Note and OID, if any, accrued 
with respect to the Notes (as described under “-Original Issue Discount”), generally will constitute foreign source income for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes and generally will be considered “passive” income, which is treated separately from other 
types of income in computing the foreign tax credit that may be allowable to U.S. Holders under U.S. federal income tax 
laws. Subject to applicable restrictions and limitations, a U.S. Holder may be entitled to claim a U.S. foreign tax credit in 
respect of any Turkish withholding taxes imposed upon interest received on the Notes. A U.S. Holder who does not elect to 
claim a credit for foreign tax may instead claim a deduction in respect of the Turkish withholding taxes provided the U.S. 
Holder elects to deduct rather than claim a credit for all foreign taxes for such taxable year. U.S. Holders that are eligible for 
benefits under the double tax treaty between the United States and Türkiye (the “Double Tax Treaty”) or are otherwise 
entitled to a refund for the taxes withheld under Turkish tax law generally will not be entitled to a foreign tax credit or 
deduction for the amount of any Turkish taxes withheld in excess of the maximum rate under the Double Tax Treaty or for 
those taxes that have been otherwise refunded to them under Turkish tax law. The rules relating to foreign tax credits or 
deducting foreign taxes are extremely complex and U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the 
availability and advisability of claiming a foreign tax credit or a deduction with respect to any Turkish taxes withheld from 
payment. 
Stated interest paid in a currency other than U.S. dollars will be included in a U.S. Holder’s gross income in an 
amount equal to the U.S. dollar value of such other currency, including the amount of any withholding tax, regardless of 
whether such other currency is converted into U.S. dollars. Generally, a U.S. Holder that uses the cash method of tax 
accounting will determine such U.S. dollar value using the spot rate of exchange on the date of receipt. A cash method U.S. 
Holder generally will not realise foreign currency gain or loss on the receipt of the interest payment but may have foreign 
currency gain or loss attributable to the actual disposition of the other currency received. Generally, a U.S. Holder that uses 
the accrual method of tax accounting will determine the U.S. dollar value of accrued interest income using the average rate of 
exchange for the accrual period (or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, at the average rate for the 
partial period within each taxable year). Alternatively, an accrual basis U.S. Holder may make an election (which must be 
applied consistently to all debt instruments from year-to-year and cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS) to 
translate accrued interest income at the spot rate of exchange on the last day of the accrual period (or the last day of the 
portion of the accrual period within each taxable year in the case of a partial accrual period). A U.S. Holder that uses the 
accrual method of accounting for tax purposes will recognise foreign currency gain or loss on the receipt of an interest 
payment if the exchange rate in effect on the date payment is received differs from the rate used in translating the accrual of 
that interest. The amount of foreign currency gain or loss to be recognised by such U.S. Holder will be an amount equal to the 
difference between the U.S. dollar value of the interest payment in the other currency (determined on the basis of the spot rate 
on the date the interest income that has accrued during the accrual period (as determined above) regardless of whether the 
payment is in fact converted to U.S. dollars. This foreign currency gain or loss will be ordinary income or loss and generally 
will not be treated as an adjustment to interest income or expense, and generally will be U.S. source provided that the 
residence of the U.S. Holder is considered to be the United States for purposes of the rules governing foreign currency gain 
or loss. 
Original Issue Discount 
General. The following is a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership of 
Notes issued with original issue discount (“OID”).

--- Page 303 ---
282 
A Note will be treated as issued with OID (a “Discount Note”) if the excess of the Note’s “stated redemption price at 
maturity” over its issue price is at least a de minimis amount (0.25% of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity 
multiplied by the number of complete years to its maturity from its issue date). Generally, the “issue price” of a Note is the 
first price at which a substantial amount of such Notes included in the issue of which the Note is a part is sold to Persons 
other than bond houses, brokers or similar Persons acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents, or wholesalers. 
The “stated redemption price at maturity” of a Note is the total of all payments provided by the Note that are not payments of 
“qualified stated interest.” A “qualified stated interest” payment is generally any one of a series of stated interest payments 
on a security that are unconditionally payable at least annually at a single fixed rate (with certain exceptions for lower rates 
paid during some periods), or a variable rate, applied to the outstanding principal amount of such security. If a Note has de 
minimis OID, a U.S. Holder must include the de minimis amount in income as stated principal payments are made on the 
Note, unless the holder makes the election described below under “-Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount.” 
A U.S. Holder can determine the includible amount with respect to each such payment by multiplying the total amount of the 
Note’s de minimis OID by a fraction equal to the amount of the principal payment made divided by the stated principal 
amount of the Note. 
U.S. Holders of Discount Notes must generally include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield method before 
the receipt of cash attributable to the income, and will generally have to include in income increasingly greater amounts of 
OID over the life of the Discount Notes. The amount of OID includible in income by a U.S. Holder of a Discount Note is the 
sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the Discount Note for each day during the taxable year or portion of the 
taxable year on which the U.S. Holder holds the Discount Note (“accrued OID”). The daily portion is determined by 
allocating to each day in any accrual period a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period. Accrual periods 
with respect to a Note may be of any length selected by the U.S. Holder and may vary in length over the term of the Discount 
Note as long as: (a) no accrual period is longer than one year and (b) each scheduled payment of interest or principal on the 
Note occurs on either the final or first day of an accrual period. The amount of OID allocable to an accrual period equals the 
excess of: (i) the product of the Discount Note’s adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period and the Discount 
Note’s yield to maturity (determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period and properly adjusted 
for the length of the accrual period) over (ii) the sum of the payments of qualified stated interest on the Discount Note 
allocable to the accrual period. The “adjusted issue price” of a Discount Note at the beginning of any accrual period is the 
issue price of the Note increased by: (x) the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual period and decreased by (y) the 
amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Variable Rate Debt Instruments. Interest payments on a “variable rate debt instrument” (“VRDI”) may be considered 
qualified stated interest. For this purpose, a Note is a VRDI if it is an instrument that: (a) has an issue price that does not 
exceed the total noncontingent principal payments by more than an amount equal to the lesser of: (i) 0.015 multiplied by the 
product of such total noncontingent principal payments and the number of complete years to maturity of the Note (or, in the 
case of Notes providing for payment of principal in instalments, the weighted average maturity) and (ii) 15% of the total 
noncontingent principal payments, (b) provides for stated interest (compounded or paid at least annually) at the current value 
of: (i) one or more qualified floating rates (as defined below), (ii) a single fixed rate followed by one or more qualified 
floating rates, (iii) a single objective rate (as defined below) or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single objective rate (as defined 
below) that is a qualified inverse floating rate (as defined below) and (c) does not provide for any principal payments that are 
contingent. 
If a Note that provides for a variable interest rate does not qualify as a VRDI, then such Note would be a “contingent 
payment debt instrument” (“CPDI”) subject to rules set forth in the Treasury regulations that address the U.S. federal income 
tax treatment of such instruments. A description of any material U.S. federal income tax considerations relevant to U.S. 
Holders of such Notes will be set forth in the applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
A “qualified floating rate” is a floating rate under which variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to measure 
contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which the Note is denominated. A 
multiple of a qualified floating rate is not a qualified floating rate unless the relevant spread multiplier is: (a) fixed at a 
number that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35 or (b) fixed at a number that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 
1.35, increased or decreased by a fixed rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, stated interest on a Note that is subject to a 
maximum or minimum interest rate limitation (i.e., a cap or floor), a restriction on the amount of increase or decrease in such 
rate (i.e., a governor) or other similar restrictions generally will not be treated as a qualified floating rate. However, a 
restriction will not cause a variable rate to fail to be a qualified floating rate if it is a cap, floor or governor that is fixed 
throughout the term of the Note or is a cap, floor, governor or similar restriction that is not reasonably expected on the issue

--- Page 304 ---
283 
date to cause the yield on the Note to be significantly less than (in the case of a cap), significantly more than (in the case of a 
floor), or significantly different from (in the case of a governor), the expected yield determined without such cap, floor or 
governor, as the case may be. In addition, two or more qualified floating rates that can reasonably be expected to have 
approximately the same values throughout the term of the variable rate note (e.g., two or more qualified floating rates with 
values within 25 basis points (i.e., 0.25%) of each other as determined on the Note’s issue date) will be treated as a single 
qualified floating rate. An “objective rate” is a rate (other than a qualified floating rate) that is determined using a single fixed 
formula and that is based upon objective financial or economic information; provided, however, that an objective rate does 
not include a rate based on information that is within the control of the Bank (or a related party within the meaning of the 
applicable statutory provisions) or that is unique to the circumstances of the Bank (or a related party within the meaning of 
the applicable statutory provisions), other than the Bank’s credit quality, such as dividends, profits or the value of the Bank’s 
stock. A variable rate is not an objective rate; however, if it is reasonably expected that the average value of the rate during 
the first half of the Note’s term will be either significantly less than or significantly greater than the average value of the rate 
during the final half of the Note’s term. A “qualified inverse floating rate” is an objective rate: (i) that is equal to a fixed rate 
minus a qualified floating rate and (ii) the variations in which can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect 
contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds. If a debt instrument provides for stated interest at a fixed 
rate for an initial period of one year or less followed by a variable rate that is either a qualified floating rate or an objective 
rate and if the variable rate on the debt instrument’s issue date is intended to approximate the fixed rate (e.g., the value of the 
variable rate on the issue date does not differ from the value of the fixed rate by more than 25 basis points (i.e., 0.25%)), then 
the fixed rate and the variable rate together will constitute either a single qualified floating rate or objective rate, as the case 
may be. 
Under the OID rules, if a Note qualifies as a VRDI that provides for interest at a single qualified floating rate or a 
single objective rate and that rate is payable unconditionally at least annually, then all of the interest is treated as qualified 
stated interest. Therefore, such a Note will not have original issue discount unless its stated principal amount exceeds the 
price at which it is issued by an amount that is greater than or equal to the de minimis amount. If a Note qualifying as a VRDI 
provides for interest at more than a single qualified floating rate or a single objective rate, the rules for determining the 
amount and accrual of original issue discount and qualified stated interest on such a VRDI provide for the conversion of such 
debt instrument into an equivalent fixed rate debt instrument and the application of the general rules regarding original issue 
discount to such debt instrument. The OID rules generally require that such a Note be converted into an equivalent fixed rate 
debt instrument by substituting any qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate provided for under the terms of 
the VRDI for a fixed rate equal to the value of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, as the case may be, 
as of the Note’s issue date. Under such rules, the qualified stated interest allocable to an accrual period based upon such 
assumed fixed rate is increased or decreased, as the case may be, if the interest actually paid during such accrual period 
exceeds, or is less than, the interest assumed to be paid during the accrual period based upon such assumed fixed rate. If a 
Note qualifying as a VRDI provides for stated interest at a fixed rate in addition to either one or more qualified floating rates 
or a qualified inverse floating rate, then the fixed rate is initially converted into a qualified floating rate (or a qualified inverse 
floating rate, if the Note provides for a qualified inverse floating rate). Under such circumstances, the qualified floating rate 
or qualified inverse floating rate that replaces the fixed rate must be such that the fair market value of an investment in the 
Note as of the Note’s issue date is approximately the same as the fair market value of an otherwise identical debt instrument 
that provides for either the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate rather than the fixed rate. After converting 
the fixed rate into either a qualified floating rate or a qualified inverse floating rate, the Note is then converted into an 
equivalent fixed rate debt instrument and subject to the general rules regarding original issue discount, as described above. 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount. A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all 
interest that accrues on a Note using the constant-yield method described above under “- Original Issue Discount - General” 
with certain modifications. For purposes of this election, interest includes stated interest, OID, and de minimis OID. If a U.S. 
Holder makes this election for the Note, then, when the constant-yield method is applied, the issue price of the Note will 
equal its cost, the issue date of the Note will be the date of acquisition, and no payments on the Note will be treated as 
payments of qualified stated interest. This election will generally apply only to the Note with respect to which it is made and 
may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
Sale, Exchange and Redemption of Notes 
Upon the sale, exchange, redemption, retirement at maturity or other taxable disposition of a Note, a U.S. Holder 
generally will recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised (i.e., the amount of cash and 
the fair market value of any property received on the disposition (except to the extent the cash or property received is

--- Page 305 ---
284 
attributable to accrued and unpaid interest not previously included in income, which is treated like a payment of interest)) and 
the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Note generally will equal the amount paid for the Note, 
increased by the amount of any OID included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note and the amount, if any, of 
income attributable to de minimis OID included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note. If a U.S. Holder 
purchases a Note with a currency other than U.S. dollars, then the U.S. dollar cost of such investment generally will be the 
U.S. dollar value of the purchase price on the date of purchase calculated at the spot rate of exchange on that date. The 
amount realised upon the disposition of a Note generally will be the U.S. dollar value of the amount received on the date of 
the disposition calculated at the spot rate of exchange on that date; however, if the Note is traded on an established securities 
market, a cash basis U.S. Holder (and, if it so elects, an accrual basis U.S. Holder) should determine the U.S. dollar value of 
the cost of or amount received on the Note, as applicable, by translating the amount paid or received at the spot rate of 
exchange on the settlement date of the purchase or disposition, as applicable. The election available to accrual basis U.S. 
Holders in respect of the purchase and disposition of Notes traded on an established securities market must be applied 
consistently to all debt instruments from year-to-year and cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS. Subject to the 
foreign currency rules discussed below, any gain or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange or other 
disposition of a Note will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the Note was held by the U.S. 
Holder for more than one year. Gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Note generally will be 
U.S. source. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to significant limitations. U.S. Holders should consult their advisors 
about the availability of U.S. foreign tax credits or deductions with respect to any Turkish taxes imposed upon a disposition 
of Notes. 
Any gain or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition of a Note will 
generally be treated as ordinary income or loss to the extent that the gain or loss is attributable to changes in foreign currency 
exchange rates during the period in which the U.S. Holder held such Note. Such foreign currency gain or loss will equal the 
difference between: (a) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price (in the other applicable currency) for the 
Note calculated at the spot rate of exchange on the date of the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition and (b) the U.S. 
dollar value of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price (in the other applicable currency) for the Note calculated at the spot rate of 
exchange on the date of purchase of the Note. If the Note is traded on an established securities market, with respect to a cash 
basis U.S. Holder (and, if it so elects, an accrual basis U.S. Holder), such foreign currency gain or loss will equal the 
difference between: (i) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price (in the other applicable currency) for the 
Note calculated at the spot rate of exchange on the settlement date of the disposition and (ii) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. 
Holder’s purchase price (in the other applicable currency) for the Note calculated at the spot rate of exchange on the 
settlement date of the purchase of the Note. The realisation of any foreign currency gain or loss, including foreign currency 
gain or loss with respect to amounts attributable to accrued and unpaid stated interest, will be limited to the amount of overall 
gain or loss realised on the disposition of the Notes. 
Exchange of Amounts in other than U.S. dollars 
If a U.S. Holder of a Note receives a currency other than U.S. dollars as interest on a Note or on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other disposition of a Note, then such U.S. Holder’s tax basis in such other currency will equal its U.S. dollar 
value when the interest is received or at the time of the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition. If a U.S. Holder of a 
Note purchased such Note with previously owned non-U.S. currency, then gain or loss will be recognised in an amount equal 
to the difference, if any, between the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in such currency and the spot rate on the date of purchase. Any 
such gain or loss generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss and will be treated as from sources within the United 
States provided that the residence of the U.S. Holder is considered to be the United States for purposes of the rule governing 
foreign currency transactions. 
Floating Rate Amendments 
As described in Condition 6.7, the interest rate payable on a Floating Rate Note might be subject to change after a 
Benchmark Event (such change, a “Base Rate Modification”). It is possible that a Base Rate Modification will be treated as a 
deemed exchange of such Notes for new securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which might be a taxable event for 
U.S. holders and might also affect the calculation of OID. U.S. Holders of Floating Rate Notes should consult with their tax 
advisors regarding the potential consequences of a Base Rate Modification.

--- Page 306 ---
285 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Information returns may be filed with the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) of the United States of America 
(unless the U.S. Holder establishes, if requested to do so, that it is an exempt recipient) in connection with payments on the 
Notes and the proceeds from the sale, exchange or other disposition of Notes. If information reports are required to be made, 
then a U.S. Holder may be subject to U.S. backup withholding if it fails to provide its taxpayer identification number or to 
establish that it is exempt from backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. The amount of any backup 
withholding imposed upon a payment will be allowed as a credit against any U.S. federal income tax liability of a U.S. 
Holder and may entitle the U.S. Holder to a refund, provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding any filing and reporting obligations they might have as 
a result of their acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes. 
Reportable Transaction Reporting 
Under certain U.S. Treasury regulations, U.S. Holders that participate in “reportable transactions” (as defined in the 
regulations) must attach to their U.S. federal income tax returns a disclosure statement on IRS Form 8886. Under the relevant 
rules, a U.S. Holder may be required to treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Notes as a reportable transaction if 
this loss exceeds the relevant threshold in the regulations. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors as to the 
possible obligation to file IRS Form 8886 with respect to the ownership or disposition of the Notes, or any related transaction, 
including (without limitation) any non-U.S. currency received as interest or as proceeds from the sale, exchange, retirement 
or other disposition of the Notes. 
Medicare Tax 
Certain U.S. Holders who are individuals, estates or non-exempt trusts must pay an additional 3.8% tax on, among 
other things, interest on and capital gains from the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of Notes. U.S. Holders should 
consult their tax advisors regarding the effect, if any, of this tax on their investment in the Notes. 
Certain Turkish Tax Considerations 
The following discussion is a summary of certain Turkish tax considerations relating to an investment in the Notes 
by a Person who is a non-resident of Türkiye. References to “resident” in this section refer to tax residents of Türkiye and 
references to “non-resident” in this section refer to Persons who are not tax resident in Türkiye. 
The discussion is based upon current law and is for general information only. The discussion below is not intended 
to constitute a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Notes that 
may be relevant to a decision to make an investment in the Notes. Furthermore, the discussion only relates to the investment 
by a Person in the Notes where the Notes will not be held in connection with the conduct of a trade or business through a 
permanent establishment in Türkiye. Each investor should consult its own tax advisors concerning the tax considerations 
applicable to its particular situation. This discussion is based upon laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, all of which are subject to change, possibly with a retroactive effect. In addition, it does not 
describe any tax consequences: (a) arising under the laws of any taxing jurisdiction other than Türkiye or (b) applicable to a 
resident of Türkiye or a permanent establishment in Türkiye resulting either from the existence of a fixed place of business or 
appointment of a permanent representative. 
For Turkish tax purposes, a legal entity is a resident of Türkiye if its corporate domicile is in Türkiye or its effective 
place of management is in Türkiye. A resident legal entity is subject to Turkish taxes on its worldwide income, whereas a 
non-resident legal entity is only liable for Turkish taxes on its trading income made through a permanent establishment or on 
income otherwise sourced in Türkiye. 
An individual is a resident of Türkiye if such individual has established domicile in Türkiye or stays in Türkiye 
more than six months in a calendar year. On the other hand, foreign individuals who stay in Türkiye for six months or more 
for a specific job or business or particular purposes that are specified in the Turkish Income Tax Law might not be treated as

--- Page 307 ---
286 
a resident of Türkiye depending upon the characteristics of their stay. A resident individual is liable for Turkish taxes on his 
or her worldwide income, whereas a non-resident individual is only liable for Turkish taxes on income sourced in Türkiye. 
Income from capital investment is sourced in Türkiye when the principal is invested in Türkiye. Capital gain derived 
from trading income is considered sourced in Türkiye when the activity or transaction generating such income is performed 
or accounted for in Türkiye. The term “accounted for” means that a payment is made in Türkiye, or if the payment is made 
abroad, it is recorded in the books in Türkiye or apportioned from the profits of the payer or the Person on whose behalf the 
payment is made in Türkiye. 
Any withholding tax levied on income derived by a non-resident is the final tax for such non-resident and no further 
declaration is required. Any other income of a non-resident sourced in Türkiye that has not been subject to withholding tax 
will be subject to taxation through declaration where treaty relief and exemptions are reserved. 
Interest paid on debt instruments (such as the Notes) issued abroad by a resident corporation is subject to 
withholding tax as regulated through the Tax Decrees. The withholding tax rates are set according to the original maturity of 
notes issued abroad by resident corporations as follows: 
(a) 7% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of less than one year, 
(b) 3% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of at least one year and less than 
three years, and 
(c) 0% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of three years or more. 
Interest income derived by a resident corporation or resident individual is subject to further declaration and the 
withholding tax paid can be credited against the income tax calculated on the tax return. For resident individuals, the entire 
amount is required to be declared as taxable income if the interest income derived exceeds TL 150,000 (for the income 
derived in 2023) together with the income from other marketable securities, rental income from immovable property and 
salaries (except for salaries referred to under Article 86/1 of the Turkish Income Tax Law); provided that they were all 
subjected to income taxation through withholding. For resident corporations, interest income at any amount is subject to 
declaration. 
In general, capital gains are not taxed through withholding tax and therefore any capital gain sourced in Türkiye 
with respect to the Notes may be subject to declaration; however, pursuant to Provisional Article 67 (which is effective until 
31 December 2025) of the Turkish Income Tax Law, as amended by laws numbered 6111, 6555 and 7256, special or separate 
tax returns will not be submitted for capital gains from the notes of a resident corporation issued abroad when the income is 
derived by a non-resident. Therefore, no tax is levied on non-residents in respect of capital gains from the Notes and no 
declaration is required. 
A non-resident holder will not be liable for Turkish estate, inheritance or similar tax with respect to its investment in 
the Notes, nor will it be liable for any Turkish stamp issue, registration or similar tax or duty relating thereto. 
Capital gains realised by a resident corporation or individual on the sale or redemption of the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) are subject to income tax or corporate (income) tax declaration. The corporate income tax rate in Türkiye 
for 2023 is: (a) 25% for banks, financial leasing, factoring and financing companies, e-money and payment services 
institutions, authorised foreign exchange currency-related entities, asset management companies (varlık yönetim şirketleri), 
securities intermediaries and other capital markets institutions, insurance and reinsurance companies and pension companies 
and (b) 20% for other corporate entities (the rate for individuals’ income tax ranges from 15% to 40% at progressive rates). 
Capital gains are, in principle, calculated in local currency terms and resident individuals’ acquisition costs can be increased 
at the Producer Price Index’s rate of increase for each month except for the month of discharge, so long as such index 
increased by at least 10%. 
Due to the February 2023 earthquakes in Kahramanmaraş, a one-time additional tax was (pursuant to amendments 
made by Law No. 7440 on the “Restructuring of Certain Receivables and Amending Some Laws” published in the Official 
Gazette on 12 March 2023) announced to be charged for fiscal years ending in 2022 to corporate taxpayers (other than the

--- Page 308 ---
287 
ones located in the provinces and districts affected by such earthquakes) that benefit from certain exemptions and deductions 
in the calculation of their corporate income tax. This additional tax amount varies from 5% to 10% depending upon the 
condition of the relevant taxpayer. 
Reduced Withholding Tax Rates 
Under current laws in Türkiye, interest payments on notes issued abroad by a resident corporation will be subject to 
a withholding tax at a rate between 7% and 0% (inclusive) in Türkiye, as detailed above. 
If a double taxation treaty is in effect between Türkiye and the country of which the holder of the notes is an income 
tax resident (in some cases, for example, pursuant to the treaties with the UK and the United States, the term “beneficial 
owner” is used) that provides for the application of a lower withholding tax rate than the local rate to be applied by the issuer 
corporation, then the lower rate may be applicable. For the application of withholding at a reduced rate that benefits from the 
provisions of a double tax treaty concluded between Türkiye and the country in which the investor is an income tax resident, 
an original copy of the certificate of residence signed by the competent authority is required, with a translated copy certified 
by a notary or the Turkish embassy in the relevant country, to verify that the investor is subject to taxation over its worldwide 
gains in the relevant country on the basis of resident taxpayer status, as a resident of such country to the related tax office 
directly or through the banks and intermediary institutions prior to the application of withholding. In the event the certificate 
of residence is not delivered prior to the application of withholding tax, then upon the subsequent delivery of the certificate of 
residence, a refund of the excess tax shall be granted pursuant to the provisions of the relevant double taxation treaty and the 
Turkish tax legislation. 
Value Added Tax 
Bond issuances and interest payments on bonds are exempt from Türkiye’s value added tax pursuant to 
Article 17/4(g) of the Value Added Tax Law (Law No. 3065), as amended pursuant to the Turkish Tax Bill Regarding 
Improvement of the Investment Environment (Law No. 6728) published in the Official Gazette dated 9 August 2016 and 
numbered 29796. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” (as defined in FATCA) (a “ Foreign Financial Institution”) 
may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“Foreign Passthru Payments”) to payees who fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is a Foreign Financial Institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Türkiye) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under 
the provisions of IGAs as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus, a Foreign Financial Institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or such IGA from payments that it makes. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the 
Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two 
years after the date on which final regulations defining Foreign Passthru Payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, 
and Notes characterised as debt (or that are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax 
purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining Foreign 
Passthru Payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date; however, if additional Notes (see Condition 17) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents might treat all Notes, including Notes offered prior to the expiration of 
the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding 
how these rules might apply to their investment in the Notes. If any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, then, in accordance with Condition 9.1, in no event will the Issuer, any Paying 
Agent or any other Person be required to pay any Additional Amounts or other amounts in respect of the Notes (including on 
Coupons) for, or on account of, any FATCA Withholding Tax.

--- Page 309 ---
288 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common financial transaction tax (“FTT”) that might apply in certain Member States of the EU (the 
“Participating Member States”); however, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. The Commission’s Proposal 
has very broad scope and might, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market 
transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to Persons both within and outside 
of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a 
financial institution and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial institution might be, or 
be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including: (a) by 
transacting with a Person established in a Participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument that is subject to 
the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State; however, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation among the 
Participating Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus. Participating Member States might decide to withdraw and additional Member States of 
the EU might decide to participate. Separately, certain members of the EU (including France, Italy and Spain) have 
introduced their own financial transaction taxes. Prospective investors in the Notes are advised to seek their own professional 
advice in relation to the FTT, other potentially applicable financial transaction taxes and their potential impact on the Notes.

--- Page 310 ---
289 
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER U.S. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
Subject to the following discussion, the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be acquired with assets of an 
“employee benefit plan” (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA), that is subject to Title I of ERISA, a “plan” as defined in and 
subject to Section 4975 of the Code and any entity deemed to hold “plan assets” of any of the foregoing (each a “Benefit Plan 
Investor”), as well as by governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in 
Section 3(33) of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA) (collectively, with Benefit Plan 
Investors, referred to as “Plans”). Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit a Benefit Plan Investor from 
engaging in certain transactions with Persons who are “parties in interest” under ERISA or “disqualified persons” under the 
Code with respect to such Benefit Plan Investor. A violation of these “prohibited transaction” rules might result in an excise 
tax or other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code for such Persons or the fiduciaries of such Benefit Plan 
Investor. In addition, Title I of ERISA requires fiduciaries of a Benefit Plan Investor subject to ERISA to make investments 
that are prudent, diversified and in accordance with the governing plan documents. Governmental plans, certain church plans 
and non-U.S. plans are not subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA and the prohibited transaction 
provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; however, such Plans might be subject to any applicable 
state, local, other federal or non-U.S. law that is substantially similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code 
(“Similar Law”). 
An investment in the Notes by (or on behalf of) a Benefit Plan Investor could give rise to a prohibited transaction if 
the Bank, an Arranger, a Dealer, an Agent, the Listing Agent or any of their respective affiliates is or becomes a party in 
interest or a “disqualified person” with respect to such Benefit Plan Investor. Certain exemptions from the prohibited 
transaction rules could be applicable to the acquisition or holding of an investment in the Notes by a Benefit Plan Investor 
depending upon the type and circumstances of the plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire such investment and the 
relationship of the party in interest or “disqualified person” to the Benefit Plan Investor. Included among these exemptions 
are: Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code for certain transactions between a Benefit Plan 
Investor and Persons who are parties in interest or “disqualified persons” solely by reason of providing services to the Benefit 
Plan Investor or being affiliated with such service providers; Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 96-23, 
regarding transactions effected by “in-house asset managers;” PTCE 95-60, regarding investments by insurance company 
general accounts; PTCE 91-38, regarding investments by bank collective investment funds; PTCE 90-1, regarding 
investments by insurance company pooled separate accounts; and PTCE 84-14, regarding transactions effected by “qualified 
professional asset managers.” Even if the conditions specified in one or more of these exemptions are met, the scope of the 
relief provided by these exemptions might or might not cover all acts that might be construed as prohibited transactions. 
There can be no assurance that any of these, or any other exemption, will be available with respect to any particular 
transaction involving the Notes, and prospective investors that are Benefit Plan Investors should consult with their legal 
advisors regarding the applicability of any such exemption. 
By acquiring a Note (or a beneficial interest therein), each purchaser and transferee (and if such purchaser or 
transferee is a Plan, then its fiduciary) is deemed to represent and warrant to, and agree with, the Issuer that either: (a) it is 
not, and for so long as it holds the Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not be, acquiring or holding a Note (or a 
beneficial interest therein) with the assets of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Plan that is subject to Similar Law, or (b) the 
acquisition, holding and disposition of the Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt 
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of Similar Law. 
Each purchaser and transferee of the Notes (or any interest therein) that is a Benefit Plan Investor (and, if applicable, 
its fiduciary) will be further deemed to represent and warrant to, and agree with, the Issuer that: (a) none of the Issuer, the 
Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates has provided such Benefit Plan Investor (and, if 
applicable, such fiduciary or other person investing the assets of such Benefit Plan Investor, “Fiduciary”) any 
recommendation or advice with respect to such investment nor has such Benefit Plan Investor or Fiduciary relied thereon as a 
primary basis in connection with its decision to invest in the Notes, (b) none of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Arrangers, the 
Agents or any of their respective affiliates have acted or are otherwise undertaking to act as a fiduciary (as defined in 
Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code) to such Benefit Plan Investor or Fiduciary in connection with 
such investment and (c) such Benefit Plan investor or Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating 
such investment in the Notes. 
Prospective investors in the Notes are advised to consult their advisors with respect to the matters discussed above 
and other applicable legal requirements.

--- Page 311 ---
290 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 23 June 2023 (such agreement as further 
amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”), agreed (or, when acceding thereto, 
will agree) with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein). The Programme Agreement provides that the obligation of any Dealer to subscribe for Notes 
under any such agreement is subject to certain conditions, and any Dealer is entitled in certain circumstances to be released 
and discharged from such obligations prior to the closing of the issue of the Notes, including in the event that certain 
conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction. In this situation, the issuance of the applicable Notes might 
not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or loss 
suffered in these circumstances. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes.” In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment, this update and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and, to the full extent permitted by law, to indemnify and hold harmless each Dealer, their respective affiliates 
and each person who controls any Dealer (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the 
Exchange Act) and each of their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against certain losses, claims, 
costs, expenses, damages, demands or liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. The Programme Agreement 
provides that the obligation of any Dealer to purchase Notes (or beneficial interests therein) under any agreement for the issue 
and purchase of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) is subject to certain conditions. Unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) sold to one or more Dealer(s) as principal will be purchased 
by such Dealer(s) at a price as may be set forth in the relevant Final Terms less a percentage of the principal amount equal to 
a commission as agreed upon by the Issuer and such Dealer(s). After the initial offering of a Tranche of Notes, the offering 
price may be changed. 
Any offers and sales of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) in the United States may only be made by those 
Dealers or their affiliates that are registered broker-dealers under the Exchange Act or in accordance with Rule 15a-6 
thereunder. 
One or more Dealer(s) participating in the offering of any Tranche of Notes might engage in transactions that 
stabilise, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the relevant Notes (or beneficial interests therein) during and after 
the offering of the Tranche. Specifically, such Person(s) might overallot or create a short position in the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) for their own account by selling more Notes (or beneficial interests therein) than have been sold to them by 
the Issuer. Such Person(s) might also elect to cover any such short position by purchasing Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) in the open market. In addition, such Person(s) might stabilise or maintain the market price of an investment in the 
Notes by bidding for or purchasing Notes (or beneficial interests therein) in the open market and might impose penalty bids, 
under which selling concessions allowed to syndicate members or other broker-dealers participating in the offering of the 
Notes are reclaimed if Notes (or beneficial interests therein) previously distributed in the offering are repurchased in 
connection with stabilisation transactions or otherwise. The effect of these transactions might be to stabilise or maintain the 
market price of an investment in the Notes at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. The 
imposition of a penalty bid might also affect the market price of an investment in the Notes to the extent that it discourages 
resales thereof. No representation is made as to the magnitude or effect of any such stabilising or other transactions. Such 
transactions, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time. Under English law, stabilisation activities may only be carried 
on by the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or Persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) and only for a limited period 
following the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Investors in the Notes who wish to trade interests in Notes on their trade date or otherwise before the applicable 
Issue Date should consult their own advisor. 
All or certain of the Dealers, the Arrangers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions 
engaged in various activities, which might include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, 
investment management, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. The Dealers, the Arrangers and/or 
certain of their respective affiliates might have performed investment banking and advisory services for the Issuer and/or the 
Issuer’s affiliates from time to time for which they might have received fees, expenses, reimbursements and/or other 
compensation. The Dealers, the Arrangers and/or certain of their respective affiliates might, from time to time, engage in

--- Page 312 ---
291 
transactions with, and perform advisory and other services for, the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s affiliates in the ordinary course 
of their business. Certain of the Dealers, the Arrangers and/or their respective affiliates have acted and expect in the future to 
act as a lender to the Issuer and/or other members of the Group and/or otherwise participate in transactions with the Group. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers, the Arrangers and their respective 
affiliates might make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities might involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and/or its affiliates. In 
addition, certain of the Dealers, the Arrangers and/or their respective affiliates that have a credit relationship with the Issuer 
and/or any other member of the Group might from time to time hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and/or other 
members of the Group pursuant to their customary risk management policies. Typically, the Dealers, the Arrangers and their 
respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions that consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such short positions might 
adversely affect the trading price of an investment in the Notes. 
The Dealers, the Arrangers and their respective affiliates might also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and might hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and/or instruments.

--- Page 313 ---
292 
TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
As a result of the following restrictions, investors in the Notes are advised to consult legal counsel prior to 
making any purchase, offer, sale, resale, pledge or other transfer of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
Each purchaser and transferee (and if such purchaser or transferee is a Plan, then its fiduciary) of Registered Notes 
(or a beneficial interest therein) (other than a Person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note with a view to 
holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or a Person wishing to transfer an interest from one Registered 
Global Note to another or from global to definitive form (or vice versa) will be required to acknowledge, represent and 
warrant to and agree with the Issuer, and each Person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note with a view to 
holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and 
warranted to and agreed with the Issuer, as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in 
Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) that it is not an “affiliate” (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act) of the Bank and is not acting 
on the Bank’s behalf and it is either: (i) a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) for 
its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance 
upon Rule 144A, (ii) an Institutional Accredited Investor that has delivered a duly executed IAI Investment Letter or 
(iii) not a U.S. person and is purchasing or acquiring the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) in a transaction 
pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, 
(b) that the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a 
public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that such Notes (or a beneficial 
interest therein) have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable 
U.S. federal or state securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below, 
(c) that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Registered Global Note and is not a U.S. person, if in 
the future it decides to offer, resell, assign, transfer, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose of the Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein), it will do so, prior to the date that is one year (or such shorter period of time as 
permitted by Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any successor provision thereunder) after the later of the last Issue 
Date for such Notes and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner of such Notes or 
beneficial interests, only: (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) to a Person whom the seller reasonably believes 
is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of 
Rule 144A, (iii) in an offshore transaction in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act, (iv) 
pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) or (v) 
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of the United States and all other jurisdictions; such investor acknowledges that the Bank 
reserves the right prior to any offer, sale or other transfer of a Rule 144A Global Note (or a beneficial interest 
therein) pursuant to clause (iv) or (v) to require the delivery of an opinion of counsel, certifications and/or other 
information satisfactory to the Bank, 
(d) that it will give to each Person to whom it transfers a Note (or a beneficial interest therein) notice of any 
restrictions on the transfer of such Note (or a beneficial interest therein) in this section, 
(e) that Notes (or beneficial interests therein) initially offered to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A will be 
represented by one or more Rule 144A Global Note(s), that Notes (or beneficial interests therein) offered to 
Institutional Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act will be in the form of IAI 
Definitive Notes or one or more IAI Global Note(s) and that Notes (or beneficial interests therein) offered in 
offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S will be represented by one or more 
Regulation S Note(s),

--- Page 314 ---
293 
(f) that each Note issued pursuant to Rule 144A will bear a legend substantially in the following form 
(with, if in definitive form, appropriate revisions) unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES 
OF AMERICA OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS NOTE (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE 
DISPOSED OF WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, 
U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT AS 
SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), EACH HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN): (a) REPRESENTS (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT) THAT IT IS A 
“QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT) PURCHASING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER(S), 
(b) AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE) ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF 
ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, ASSIGN, TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBER OR 
OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF SUCH SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS ONE YEAR (OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF 
TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR 
PROVISION THEREUNDER) AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES 
OF WHICH THIS NOTE IS A PART AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN 
AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF THE ISSUER WAS 
THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN: (i) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE 
THEREOF, (ii) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, (iii) FOR SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO 
RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY 
BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (iv) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION 
COMPLYING WITH RULE 903 OR 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (v) PURSUANT TO 
ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES LAWS OF 
THE UNITED STATES AND ALL OTHER JURISDICTIONS; PROVIDED THAT THE ISSUER 
SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO 
CLAUSE (iv) OR (v) ABOVE TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, 
CERTIFICATIONS AND/OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER, AND (c) 
AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE) THAT IT WILL GIVE TO EACH PERSON TO 
WHOM ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE IS OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, 
PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO 
THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE BY THE ISSUER AS TO THE 
AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE 
(OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN). 
[FOR GLOBAL NOTES CLEARING THROUGH DTC: UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS 
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST 
COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR 
REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE 
ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED 
IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR 
TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF 
DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY

--- Page 315 ---
294 
OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS 
MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE 
THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE, 
AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND.] 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE 
IS A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) 
WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO, AND AGREE WITH, THE ISSUER 
THAT EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED 
IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED (“ERISA”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OF 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, 
CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR 
NON-U.S. LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND 
DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE 
OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA 
OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND 
HOLDERS OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS 
MADE HEREON).”, 
(g) that each IAI Note will bear a legend in the following form (with, if an IAI Definitive Note, appropriate 
revisions) unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES 
OF AMERICA OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS NOTE (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE 
DISPOSED OF WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF,

--- Page 316 ---
295 
U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT AS 
SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), EACH HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN): (a) REPRESENTS (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT) THAT IT IS AN 
“ACCREDITED INVESTOR” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3), OR (7) UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) THAT IS AN INSTITUTION, (b) AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO 
AGREE) ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH 
IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, 
SELL, ASSIGN, TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBER OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF SUCH 
SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT, THE TERMS OF 
THE IAI INVESTMENT LETTER IT EXECUTED IN CONNECTION WITH ITS PURCHASE OF THIS 
NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS ONE YEAR 
(OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THEREUNDER) AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST 
ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES OF WHICH THIS NOTE IS A PART AND THE LAST DATE ON 
WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT) OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN: (i) TO THE 
ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (ii) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (iii) FOR SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE 
FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, TO A PERSON WHOM 
THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER 
PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, 
(iv) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION COMPLYING WITH RULE 903 OR 904 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR (v) PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND ALL OTHER 
JURISDICTIONS; PROVIDED THAT THE ISSUER SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY 
SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (iv) OR (v) ABOVE TO REQUIRE 
THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATIONS AND/OR OTHER 
INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER, AND (c) AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED 
TO AGREE) THAT IT WILL GIVE TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE 
IS OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE 
DISPOSED OF A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. NO 
REPRESENTATION IS MADE BY THE ISSUER AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN). 
[FOR GLOBAL NOTES CLEARING THROUGH DTC: UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS 
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST 
COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR 
REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE 
ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED 
IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR 
TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF 
DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY 
OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS 
MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE 
THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE, 
AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND.]

--- Page 317 ---
296 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE 
IS A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) 
WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO, AND AGREE WITH, THE ISSUER 
THAT EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED 
IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED (“ERISA”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OF 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, 
CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR 
NON-U.S. LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND 
DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE 
OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA 
OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND 
HOLDERS OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS 
MADE HEREON).”, 
(h) if it holds a Definitive Regulation S Registered Note or a beneficial interest in a Regulation S 
Registered Global Note, then if it should offer, resell, assign, transfer, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose such 
Note (or beneficial interest) prior to the expiration of a 40 day period after the later of the commencement of the 
offering to Persons other than distributors and the applicable Issue Date (the “Distribution Compliance Period”), it 
will do so only: (i)(A) in an offshore transaction in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (B) 
to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A, and (ii) in accordance with all applicable U.S. federal and state securities 
laws; and it acknowledges that such Notes (with appropriate revisions) will bear a legend in the following form 
unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES 
OF AMERICA OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS NOTE (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE 
DISPOSED OF: (a) WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT 
OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) UNLESS 
THE TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND (b) EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND ALL OTHER JURISDICTIONS.

--- Page 318 ---
297 
THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) BY ITS ACCEPTANCE 
HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO 
AGREE) ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH 
IT IS HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) THAT NO OFFER, SALE, 
ASSIGNMENT, TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBRANCE OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE 
(OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL BE MADE TO A U.S. PERSON PRIOR TO THE 
EXPIRATION OF A 40 DAY PERIOD AFTER THE LATER OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE 
OFFERING TO PERSONS OTHER THAN DISTRIBUTORS AND THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART. 
[FOR GLOBAL NOTES CLEARING THROUGH DTC: UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS 
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST 
COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR 
REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE 
ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED 
IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR 
TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF 
DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY 
OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS 
MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE 
THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE, 
AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND.] 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE 
IS A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) 
WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO, AND AGREE WITH, THE ISSUER 
THAT EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED 
IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED (“ERISA”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OF 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, 
CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR 
NON-U.S. LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND 
DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE 
OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA 
OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR

--- Page 319 ---
298 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND 
HOLDERS OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS 
MADE HEREON).”, 
(i) if it holds a Definitive Bearer Note or a beneficial interest in a Bearer Global Note, then if it should 
offer, resell, assign, transfer, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose such Note (or beneficial interest) prior to the 
expiration of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, it will do so only: (i)(A) in an offshore transaction in 
compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (B) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A, and (ii) in 
accordance with all applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws; and it acknowledges that such Notes (with 
appropriate revisions) will bear a legend in the following form unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES 
OF AMERICA OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS NOTE (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE 
DISPOSED OF: (a) WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT 
OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) UNLESS 
THE TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND (b) EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND ALL OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) BY ITS ACCEPTANCE 
HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO 
AGREE) ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH 
IT IS HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) THAT NO OFFER, SALE, 
ASSIGNMENT, TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBRANCE OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE 
(OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL BE MADE TO A U.S. PERSON PRIOR TO THE 
EXPIRATION OF A 40 DAY PERIOD AFTER THE LATER OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE 
OFFERING TO PERSONS OTHER THAN DISTRIBUTORS AND THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART. 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE 
IS A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) 
WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO, AND AGREE WITH, THE ISSUER 
THAT EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED 
IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED (“ERISA”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OF 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, 
CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR 
NON-U.S. LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND 
DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE 
OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA 
OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW.

--- Page 320 ---
299 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND 
HOLDERS OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS 
MADE HEREON).”, 
(j) that the Issuer, the Dealers and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees (or will be deemed to agree) that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it will promptly notify the 
Issuer and the applicable Dealer(s); and if it is acquiring any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) as a fiduciary or 
agent for one or more accounts it represents, that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account 
and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of 
each such account, 
(k) that: (i) either: (A) it is not, and for so long as it holds a Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not 
be, acquiring or holding such Note (or beneficial interest) with the assets of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Plan that is 
subject to Similar Law or (B) the acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note (or a beneficial interest therein) 
will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the Code or a violation of Similar Law and (ii) if the applicable investor is a Benefit Plan Investor, it will be further 
deemed to represent and warrant to, and agree with, the Issuer that: (A) none of the Issuer, the Dealers, the 
Arrangers, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates has provided such Benefit Plan Investor or Fiduciary any 
recommendation or advice with respect to such investment nor has such Benefit Plan Investor or Fiduciary relied 
thereon as a primary basis in connection with its decision to invest in the Notes, (B) none of the Issuer, the Dealers, 
the Arrangers, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates have acted or are otherwise undertaking to act as a 
fiduciary (as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code) to such Benefit Plan Investor or 
Fiduciary in connection with such investment and (C) such Benefit Plan investor or Fiduciary is exercising its own 
independent judgment in evaluating such investment in the Notes, (l) if such investor purchases a Registered Note 
(or any beneficial interest therein), then it will also be deemed to acknowledge that the Registrar will not be required 
to accept for registration of transfer any Notes acquired by it except upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to the 
Bank and the Registrar that the restrictions set forth herein have been complied with, and 
(m) acknowledges that none of the Bank, the Arrangers or the Dealers, or any Person representing the 
Bank, the Arrangers or the Dealers, has made any representation to it with respect to the Bank or the offer or sale of 
any of the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein), other than the information contained in this Base Prospectus or 
any applicable supplements hereto, which has been delivered to the investor and upon which such investor is relying 
in making its investment decision with respect to the Notes (or beneficial interests therein); it acknowledges that the 
Arrangers and the Dealers make no representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base 
Prospectus; it has had access to such financial and other information concerning the Bank and the applicable Notes 
as it has deemed necessary in connection with its decision to purchase such Notes (or a beneficial interest therein), 
including an opportunity to ask questions of and request information from the Bank and the applicable Dealer(s). 
Institutional Accredited Investors who invest in IAI Notes offered and sold in the United States as part of their 
original issuance in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act are

--- Page 321 ---
300 
required to execute and deliver to the Registrar an IAI Investment Letter. An IAI Investment Letter will state, among other 
things, the following: 
(a) that the applicable Institutional Accredited Investor has received a copy of this Base Prospectus and 
such other information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment decision, 
(b) that such Institutional Accredited Investor understands that such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) 
are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of 
the Securities Act, and that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other 
applicable U.S. federal or state securities laws and that any subsequent transfer of such Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) is subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in this Base Prospectus and such Notes (including 
those set out above) and that it agrees to be bound by, and not to reoffer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein) except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities 
Act, 
(c) that, in the normal course of its business, the Institutional Accredited Investor invests in or purchases 
securities similar to the Notes, 
(d) that it is an Institutional Accredited Investor and has such knowledge and experience in financial and 
business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Notes, and it and any 
accounts for which it is acting are each able to bear the economic risk of its or any such accounts’ investment in the 
Notes for an indefinite period of time, 
(e) that such Institutional Accredited Investor is acquiring such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) for its 
own account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an Institutional Accredited Investor) as to each of which 
it exercises sole investment discretion and not with a view to any distribution of such Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein), subject, nevertheless, to the understanding that the disposition of its property shall at all times be and 
remain within its control, and 
(f) that, in the event that such Institutional Accredited Investor purchases Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein), it will acquire Notes (or beneficial interests therein) having a minimum purchase price of at least 
US$500,000 (or the approximate equivalent in another Specified Currency) (or such other amount set forth in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
Unless set forth in the applicable Final Terms otherwise, no sale of Legended Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) 
in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than US$200,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal 
amount or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, 
US$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Legended Note will be issued in connection with 
such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf of others, then each Person 
for whom it is acting must purchase at least US$200,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) or, in the case of sales to 
Institutional Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, US$500,000 (or its foreign currency 
equivalent) principal amount of Registered Notes (in each case, or such other amount as may be set forth in the applicable 
Final Terms). 
Pursuant to the BRSA decisions dated 6 May 2010 (No. 3665) and 30 September 2010 (No. 3875) and in accordance 
with Decree 32, residents of Türkiye: (a) may, in the secondary markets only, purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) denominated in a currency other than Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, 
and (b) may, in both the primary and secondary markets, purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated 
in Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis; provided that, for both clauses (a) and (b), 
such purchase or sale complies with the Turkish Purchase Requirements.

--- Page 322 ---
301 
Selling Restrictions 
Türkiye 
The Issuer has obtained the CMB Approval from the CMB and the BRSA Approval from the BRSA required for the 
issuance of Notes under the Programme. The maximum debt instrument amount that the Bank may issue under the 
Programme Approvals is the Approved Issuance Limit; provided that the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of debt 
instruments denominated in Turkish Lira issued by the Bank (whether under this approval or otherwise) may not exceed 
TL 17,000,000,000. It should be noted that, regardless of the outstanding Note amount, unless the Bank obtains new 
approvals from the BRSA and the CMB, the aggregate debt instrument amount to be issued under the Programme Approvals 
may not exceed the Approved Issuance Limit. 
Pursuant to the Programme Approvals, the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme has been authorised 
and approved in accordance with Decree 32, the Banking Law, the Capital Markets Law or their respective related laws and 
the Debt Instruments Communiqué. In addition, Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may only be offered or sold outside of 
Türkiye in accordance with the Programme Approvals. The Notes issued under the Programme prior to the date of the CMB 
Approval were issued under previously existing CMB approvals. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the BRSA decision dated 6 May 2010 No. 3665, the BRSA decision 
dated 30 September 2010 No. 3875 and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Türkiye may acquire Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) so long as they comply with the Turkish Purchase Requirements. 
To the extent (and in the form) required by applicable law, an approval from the CMB in respect of each Tranche of 
Notes is required to be obtained by the Issuer prior to the Issue Date of such Tranche of Notes. 
Monies paid for investments in the Notes are not protected by the insurance coverage provided by the SDIF. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, any other federal securities law or the 
securities laws of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable local, state or federal laws. Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and U.S. Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder. 
In connection with any Regulation S Notes, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation S 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein): (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until the expiration of the 
applicable Distribution Compliance Period other than in an offshore transaction to, or for the account or benefit of, Persons 
who are not U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will send to each distributor, dealer or other Person to whom it sells any Regulation S Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) during the applicable Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation S Notes other than in offshore transactions to, or for the account or 
benefit of, Persons who are not U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Until the expiration of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, an offer or sale of such Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) other than in an offshore transaction to a Person who is not a U.S. person by any distributor (whether or not 
participating in the offering) might violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

--- Page 323 ---
302 
Dealers might arrange for the resale of Registered Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to QIBs pursuant to 
Rule 144A and each such purchaser of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) is hereby notified that the Dealers may be 
relying upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. To permit 
compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are “restricted securities” within 
the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken in the Deed Poll to furnish, upon the 
request of a holder of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein), to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by 
such holder, the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the 
request, any of the Notes of the applicable Series remain outstanding as “restricted securities” within the meaning of 
Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act and the Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Exchange Act nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation and, where applicable, Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that if the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as: 
1. “Applicable,” then it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available (and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available) any of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA, 
and 
2. “Not Applicable,” then, in relation to each Member State, it (with respect to such Notes) has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes to the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of Notes to 
the public in that Member State at any time: 
(a) to any legal entity that is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, 
(b) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer, or 
(c) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in clauses (a) to (c) shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of part 2, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes (which shall also 
include beneficial interests therein where applicable) in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that if the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
specifies the “Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors” as: 
1. “Applicable,” then it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available (and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available) any of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to any UK Retail Investor in the UK, 
and

--- Page 324 ---
303 
2. “Not Applicable,” then it (with respect to such Notes) has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
to the public in the UK, except that it may make an offer of Notes to the public in the UK at any time: 
(a) to any legal entity that is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, 
(b) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer, or 
(c) in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA; 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in clauses (a) to (c) shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of part 2, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes (which shall also 
include beneficial interests therein where applicable) means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
Other United Kingdom Regulatory Restrictions. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) in relation to any Notes that have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer, 
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the 
FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of 
the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer, and 
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of sales to Belgian consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering by such Dealer of Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended (a “Belgian Consumer”), and that: (a) it has not offered, sold or resold, 
transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to any 
Belgian Consumer and (b) it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
PRC 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered, sold or delivered or will offer, sell or

--- Page 325 ---
304 
deliver any of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to any Person for reoffering or resale, or redelivery, in any such case, 
directly or indirectly, in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan) 
in contravention of any applicable laws as part of the initial distribution of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
Hong Kong 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) except for Notes that are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) other than: (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the 
SFO and any rules made under the SFO or (ii) in other circumstances that do not result in the document being a 
“prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of 
Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or that do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O, and 
(b) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document 
relating to the Notes that is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of 
Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) that are or are intended to be disposed of only to Persons outside Hong Kong or only 
to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or caused the Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) or cause any Notes (or beneficial interest therein) to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein), whether directly or indirectly, to any Person in Singapore other than: (a) to an institutional investor (for the purposes 
of this section, as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (for the 
purposes of this section, as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or to any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a 
relevant person that is: 
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor, or 
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) the sole purpose of which is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of such trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the 
beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that 
corporation or that trust, as applicable, has acquired the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:

--- Page 326 ---
305 
(i) to an institutional investor, to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA, 
(ii) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer, 
(iii) where the transfer is by operation of law, 
(iv) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA, or 
(v) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore” that will state the product classification of the 
applicable Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all 
Notes shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or any such legend included in the 
relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to “relevant persons” for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein), directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for 
re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Canada 
The Notes (and beneficial interests therein) may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, 
as principal that are accredited investors (as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or 
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)) and are permitted clients (as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations). Any resale of the Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements 
of applicable Canadian securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada might provide a Canadian investor with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment hereto) contains a misrepresentation; provided 
that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the investor within the time limit prescribed by the securities 
legislation of the investor’s province or territory. The investor should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities 
legislation of its province or territory for particulars of these rights and/or consult with a legal advisor. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that, in Switzerland, this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or 
invest in any Notes (or beneficial interests therein). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes (and beneficial interests 
therein) have not been and will not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, by such Dealer in, into or 
from Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act, as amended (the “FinSA”) and no application has 
been or will be made to admit the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to trading on any trading venue (exchange or

--- Page 327 ---
306 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA or has been or will be filed with or approved by a Swiss 
review body pursuant to Article 52 of the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering of the Notes has 
been or will be filed by the Issuer or any Dealer with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority to admit such Notes to 
trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all laws in force related to securities in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) under the laws in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any 
responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may at any time lawfully be 
sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale.

--- Page 328 ---
307 
LEGAL MATTERS 
Certain matters relating to the issuance of Notes will be passed upon for the Bank by Mayer Brown LLP (or 
affiliates thereof) as to matters of English and United States law and by Özmen Yalçın Avukatlık Ortaklığı as to matters of 
Turkish law (other than with respect to tax-related matters). Certain matters of English and United States law will be passed 
upon for the Dealers by Allen & Overy LLP and certain matters of Turkish law will be passed upon for the Dealers by Gedik 
Eraksoy Avukatlık Ortaklığı (which will also pass upon matters of Turkish tax law).

--- Page 329 ---
308 
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS AND SERVICE OF PROCESS 
The Bank is a joint stock company organised under the laws of Türkiye (specifically, under the Banking Law). All 
of the directors and officers of the Bank named herein reside inside Türkiye and all or a significant portion of the assets of 
such persons might be, and substantially all of the assets of the Bank are, located in Türkiye. As a result, it might not be 
possible for investors to effect service of process upon such persons or the Bank outside Türkiye or to enforce against them in 
the courts of jurisdictions other than Türkiye any judgments obtained in such courts that are predicated upon the laws of such 
other jurisdictions. In order to enforce such judgments in Türkiye, investors should initiate enforcement proceedings before 
the competent Turkish courts. In accordance with Articles 50 to 59 of Türkiye’s International Private and Procedure Law 
(Law No. 5718), the courts of Türkiye will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a country other than 
Türkiye unless: 
(a) there is in effect a treaty between such country and Türkiye providing for reciprocal enforcement of 
court judgments, 
(b) there is de facto enforcement in such country of judgments rendered by Turkish courts, or 
(c) there is a provision in the laws of such country that provides for the enforcement of judgments of 
Turkish courts. 
There is no treaty between Türkiye and either the United States or the UK providing for reciprocal enforcement of 
judgments. There is no de facto reciprocity between Türkiye and the United States or the State of New York, except that the 
courts of New York have rendered at least one judgment in the past confirming de facto reciprocity between Türkiye and the 
State of New York. Turkish courts have also rendered at least one judgment confirming de facto reciprocity between Türkiye 
and the UK; however, since de facto reciprocity is decided by the relevant court on a case-by-case basis, there is uncertainty 
as to the enforceability of court judgments obtained in the United States or the UK by Turkish courts. Moreover, there is 
uncertainty as to the ability of an investor to bring an original action in Türkiye based upon the U.S. federal or any other non-
Turkish securities laws. 
In addition, the courts of Türkiye will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a country other 
than Türkiye if: 
(a) the defendant was not duly summoned or represented or the defendant’s fundamental procedural rights 
were not observed, 
(b) the judgment in question was rendered with respect to a matter within the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
courts of Türkiye, 
(c) the judgment is incompatible with a judgment of a court in Türkiye between the same parties and 
relating to the same issues or, as the case may be, with an earlier foreign judgment on the same issue and 
enforceable in Türkiye, 
(d) the judgment is not of a civil nature, 
(e) the judgment is clearly against public policy rules of Türkiye, 
(f) the judgment is not final and binding with no further recourse for appeal or similar revision process 
under the laws of the country where the judgment has been rendered, or 
(g) the judgment was rendered by a foreign court that has deemed itself competent even though it has no 
actual relationship with the parties or the subject matter at hand. 
In accordance with Article 48 of Türkiye’s International Private and Procedure Law (Law No. 5718), in any lawsuit, 
debt collection proceeding or action against the Bank in the Turkish courts, a foreign plaintiff might be required to deposit 
security for court costs (cautio judicatum solvi); provided that the court may in its discretion waive such requirement for

--- Page 330 ---
309 
security in the event that the plaintiff is considered to be: (a) a national of one of the contracting states of the Convention 
Relating to Civil Procedures signed at The Hague on 1 March 1954 (ratified by Türkiye by Law No. 1574), except for legal 
entities incorporated under the laws of such contracting states, or (b) a national of a state that has signed a bilateral treaty with 
Türkiye that is duly ratified and contains (inter alia) a waiver of the cautio judicatum solvi requirement on a reciprocal basis. 
If Turkish nationals do not deposit such a security in the country of the foreign plaintiff, then the relevant Turkish court may 
waive such requirement for security relying upon the de facto reciprocity. If the foreign plaintiff deposits such security and 
the proceeding ends in favour of such plaintiff, then such security will be returned to such plaintiff. 
Furthermore, any claim against the Bank that is denominated in a currency other than Turkish Lira would, in the 
event of the bankruptcy of the Bank, only be payable in Turkish Lira. The relevant exchange rate for determining the Turkish 
Lira-equivalent amount of any such claim would be the Central Bank’s exchange rate for the purchase of the relevant 
currency that is effective on the date the relevant court decides on bankruptcy of the Bank in accordance with the laws of 
Türkiye. 
In connection with any Proceedings in England, service of process may be made upon the Bank at the offices of Law 
Debenture Corporate Services Limited (with a current address of Eighth Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, 
England). This does not affect any other method of service allowed by law.

--- Page 331 ---
310 
OTHER GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The most recent update of the Programme and the further issue of Notes thereunder have been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the Board dated 1 December 2022. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 789000KAIHOLSQKQ9858. 
Listing of Notes 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base prospectus. Application has been 
made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued within one year after the date hereof to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on the Regulated Market. The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. It is expected 
that each Tranche of Notes that is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market will be admitted 
separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of one or more Notes initially representing the Notes of such 
Tranche; however, no assurance can be given that any such admission will occur. If a Tranche of Notes is to be listed by the 
Issuer on Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange, then any information required by such exchange to be in the 
applicable Final Terms will be included therein.  
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the Bank in connection 
with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated 
Market. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, the following documents (or copies thereof) 
may be inspected at the registered office of the Issuer: 
(a) the articles of incorporation (with a certified English translation thereof) of the Issuer, 
(b) the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein, 
(c) when published, copies of the latest audited annual and unaudited interim financial statements of the 
Bank (in English) delivered by the Bank pursuant to Condition 5.3 (for the purpose of clarification, such financial 
statements are not, and shall not be deemed to be, included in (or incorporated by reference into) this Base 
Prospectus except to the extent so incorporated by a supplement hereto), 
(d) the Agency Agreement (including the forms of the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Global Notes 
and the Definitive Notes), 
(e) a copy of this Base Prospectus, and 
(f) when published, any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and 
Final Terms (except that a Final Terms relating to a Note that is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances in which a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base 
Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference.

--- Page 332 ---
311 
In addition, for the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the documents 
described in clauses (a) through (f) are (or, as applicable, are expected to be) available in electronic format on the Issuer’s 
website (as of the date hereof, at: https://www.vakifbank.com.tr/investor-relations.aspx?pageID=625); provided that: (a) the 
articles of incorporation of the Issuer can be found at https://www.vakifbank.com.tr/investor-relations-corporate-governance-
actarticles-of-association.aspx?pageID=1305 and (b) with respect to such documents (or portions thereof) that are 
incorporated by reference herein, see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” above. Each Final Terms relating to Notes that 
are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market will also be available on the Issuer’s website. Such website does not, and 
shall not be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor is incorporated into, this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, which are the entities 
in charge of keeping the records. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN (if any) for each Tranche of Notes allocated by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In addition, the Issuer may make an 
application for any Registered Notes to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. To the extent applicable, the 
ISIN, Common Code, CUSIP, CINS, CFI Code and/or FISN for each Tranche of Notes will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, then the appropriate information 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Scheduled payments on each Registered Note will be paid only to the Person in whose name such Registered Note 
was registered in the Register at the close of business on the applicable Record Date. With respect to Notes represented by a 
Global Note on a Record Date, this thus means that payment will be made by (on or behalf of) the Issuer to the applicable 
Clearing System (or its nominee) and, as a result, each holder of a beneficial interest in such Global Note should consider that 
such Clearing System might credit the account of its applicable direct participant(s) only after receipt of payment from the 
Issuer (including potentially applying such credits on a later day) and/or might use a different application process (such as a 
record date that differs from the Record Date), which payment such direct participants might themselves only credit to the 
account of their own customers as per their own timing and other procedures (and so on through any indirect participant(s) 
until the ultimate investor’s account is credited with funds). Payments by Clearing Systems to their direct participants and 
then by such direct participants (and indirect participants) to their own customers will be governed by standing instructions 
and customary practices and will be the responsibility of the Clearing Systems and such participants and not of the Issuer. For 
example, notwithstanding the Record Date established in the Conditions for any Series of Registered Notes, the Issuer has 
been advised by DTC that, through DTC’s accounting and payment procedures, DTC will, in accordance with its customary 
procedures, credit payments received by DTC on any payment date based upon DTC’s Direct Participants’ holdings of 
beneficial interests in the Notes on the close of business on the New York Business Day immediately preceding each such 
payment date (and Direct Participants and Indirect Participants are expected to credit such amounts to the accounts of DTC 
Beneficial Owners, which credits will be made pursuant to such Participants’ procedures). A “New York Business Day” for 
these purposes is a day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any other day on which banking institutions in New York City, 
New York are authorised or required by law or executive order to close. 
As of the date hereof: (a) the address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium, (b) the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
L-1855 Luxembourg and (c) the address of DTC is Depositary Trust Company, 55 Water Street, New York City, New York 
10041, United States of America. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
For Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be issued to one or more Dealer(s), the price and amount of such Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) will be determined by the Issuer and such Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. For Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be issued to one or more investor(s) purchasing 
such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) directly from the Issuer, the price and amount of such Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) will be determined by the Issuer and such investor(s).

--- Page 333 ---
312 
No Material Adverse Change or Significant Change 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer hereby confirms that, other than to the extent described in “Risk 
Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye” and “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Group and its Business,” there has been: (a) no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited BRSA Financial Statements, 
(b) no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial period for which BRSA 
Financial Statements have been published to the date of this Base Prospectus and (c) no significant change in the financial 
position of the Group since the end of the last financial period for which BRSA Financial Statements have been published. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, such date and period ends are 31 December 2022 for clause (a) and 31 March 2023 for 
clauses (b) and (c). 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Neither the Bank nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings that are pending or threatened of which the Bank is aware) in the 
12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus that might have or in such period had significant effects on the Bank’s 
and/or the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
Except with respect to the fees to be paid to the Arrangers and Dealers, as far as the Bank is aware, no natural or 
legal person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material to the issue of 
the Notes. 
Independent Auditors 
The BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 have been audited by 
independent auditors PwC in accordance with the Turkish Auditor Regulation and Standards on Independent Auditing that 
are part of the Turkish Standards on Auditing published by the POA as stated in their report included in each of such BRSA 
Annual Financial Statements. 
The BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 
have been audited by independent auditors EY, all in accordance with the Turkish Auditor Regulation and Standards on 
Independent Auditing that are part of the Turkish Standards on Auditing published by the POA as stated in their report 
included in each of such BRSA Financial Statements. 
The BRSA Interim Financial Statements have been reviewed by independent auditors EY in accordance with the 
Standard on Review Engagements (SRE) 2410 (“Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent 
Auditor of the Entity”) as stated in their report included in each of such BRSA Interim Financial Statements. Such reports 
note that: (a) a review of interim financial information: (i) consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for 
financial reporting process, and applying analytical and other review procedures and (ii) is substantially less in scope than an 
independent audit performed in accordance with independent auditing standards and (b) it does not express an opinion on the 
BRSA Interim Financial Statements. Accordingly, the degree of reliance upon their reports on such information should be 
restricted in light of the limited nature of the review procedures applied. 
PwC, which is located at BJK Plaza, Süleyman Seba Caddesi, No:48 B Blok Kat 9, Akaretler, Beşiktaş 34357, 
İstanbul, Türkiye, is an independent auditor in Türkiye and is authorised by the BRSA to conduct independent audits of 
banks in Türkiye. EY is located at Maslak Mahallesi Eski Büyükdere Cad. Orjin Plaza No:27 Kat: 2-3-4, Daire: 54-57-59, 
34485 Sarıyer, İstanbul, Türkiye, is an independent auditor in Türkiye and is authorised by the BRSA to conduct independent 
audits of banks in Türkiye. 
In accordance with the applicable laws of Türkiye, the Group is required to replace its independent auditor every 
seven years. PwC was selected to be the Group’s independent auditing firm from 2014 through 2020 and EY has been 
selected to be the Group’s independent auditing firm for 2021, 2022 and 2023.

--- Page 334 ---
313 
Each of the PwC and EY reports included in the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein 
contains a qualification (see “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group and its Business – Other Group-Related Risks – 
Audit Qualification” for further information). 
Material Contracts 
The Bank has not entered into any material contract outside the ordinary course of its business that could result in 
the Bank being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to its ability to meet its obligations to investors in respect of 
the Notes. 
Dealers and Arrangers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Arrangers, the Dealers and/or their respective affiliates have engaged, and might in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and/or the 
Issuer’s affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective 
affiliates might make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities might involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. The 
Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates that have a credit relationship with the Issuer might from time to time 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, the Arrangers, 
the Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions that consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such 
short positions might adversely affect future trading prices of an investment in the Notes. The Arrangers, the Dealers and 
their respective affiliates might also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views 
in respect of such securities or financial instruments and might hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 335 ---
314 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
$  ............................................................................ xiv 
£  ............................................................................ xiv 
€  ............................................................................ xiv 
Accrual Period ....................................................... 242 
ADCs ......................................................................... 2 
Additional Amounts .................................................. 9 
Adjustment Spread ................................................ 247 
Affiliate.................................................................. 226 
Affiliate Transaction .............................................. 225 
Agency Agreement ................................................ 220 
Agents .................................................................... 221 
Akbank .................................................................. 123 
AKP ......................................................................... 12 
Alternative Rate ..................................................... 248 
Amortised Face Amount ........................................ 265 
APM .........................................................................xi 
Approved Issuance Limit ......................................... iii 
Arranger ..................................................................... 5 
ATMs ......................................................................... 2 
Autobank ............................................................... 120 
Bank ................................................................... Cover 
Banking Law ............................................................iv 
Banks Association of Türkiye ................................. xv 
Base Prospectus ......................................................... 1 
Basel Committee.................................................... 165 
Bearer Global Note ................................................ 193 
Bearer Notes ...................................................... Cover 
Benchmark ............................................................. 251 
Benchmark Administrator ......................................... v 
Benchmark Amendments....................................... 246 
Benchmark Event .......................................... 248, 251 
Benchmark Replacement ....................................... 251 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment ................... 252 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes .... 252 
Benchmark Replacement Date .............................. 252 
Benchmarks Regulation ............................................. v 
Benefit Plan Investor ............................................. 289 
BIST TLREF Index ............................................... 238 
Board ......................................................................... 2 
Borsa İstanbul ...........................................................ix 
BRSA ........................................................................ ii 
BRSA Annual Financial Statements .........................ix 
BRSA Approval ....................................................... iii 
BRSA Decisions on the Countercyclical Capital 
Buffer .................................................................. 22 
BRSA Financial Statements .....................................ix 
BRSA Interim Financial Statements .........................ix 
BRSA Principles .......................................................ix 
Business Day ......................................................... 253 
CAGR .................................................................... 156 
Calculation Agent .................................................. 220 
Capital Adequacy Regulation ................................. 22 
Capital Markets Law ................................................. 1 
Central Bank ............................................................ xv 
Central Registry İstanbul ..........................................iv 
CET1 ....................................................................... 86 
Change of Control ................................................. 265 
Change of Control Put Exercise Notice ................. 264 
Change of Control Put Right ................................. 264 
Classification of Loans and Provisions 
Regulation ........................................................... 22 
Clearing Systems ..................................................... 48 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ....................................... 48 
CMB .................................................................. Cover 
CMB Approval ........................................................ iii 
CMP Regulations 2018 .......................................... 198 
CNH HIBOR ......................................................... 253 
Code ..........................................................................vi 
Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement ........ 66 
Commission’s Proposal ......................................... 288 
Common Depositary ................................................ 48 
Common Safekeeper ................................................ 48 
Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements ... 174 
Competition Board ................................................ 137 
Compounded Daily SONIA ................................... 231 
Conditions................................................................ 36 
Corporate Governance Communiqué ...................... 35 
Corresponding Tenor ............................................. 252 
Couponholder ........................................................ 220 
Coupons ................................................................. 220 
Covered Bond ........................................................ 224 
CPI ........................................................................... 20 
Custodian ............................................................... 279 
Day Count Fraction ............................................... 242 
Dealer ................................................................ Cover 
Debt Instruments Communiqué ................................iv 
Decree 32 ..................................................................iv 
Decree No. 696 .......................................................... 1 
Deed of Covenant .................................................. 221 
Deed Poll ................................................................ vii 
Definitive Bearer Notes ......................................... 220 
Definitive Notes ..................................................... 220 
Definitive Registered Notes ................................... 220 
Definitive Regulation S Registered Note ............... 194 
Denizbank .............................................................. 156 
Designated Account ............................................... 255 
Designated Bank .................................................... 255 
Determination Period ............................................. 243 
Direct Participants ................................................. 276 
Direct Recourse Securities ..................................... 225 
Distribution Compliance Period ............................ 296 
distributor .................................................................iv 
D-SIBs ..................................................................... 22 
D-SIBs Regulation .................................................. 22 
DTC ........................................................................... 6 
DTC Beneficial Owners ........................................ 276 
DTC Notes ............................................................. 276 
DTC Rules ............................................................. 276

--- Page 336 ---
315 
Early Redemption Amount .................................... 265 
ECB ......................................................................... xv 
ECL ......................................................................... 67 
EEA ................................................................... Cover 
EEA Retail Investor ................................................ vii 
EIB ............................................................................. 4 
Equity Regulation .................................................... 22 
ERISA ..................................................................... 10 
ESMA ........................................................................ v 
ESMA Guidelines .....................................................xi 
EU ...................................................................... Cover 
EU CRA Regulation ................................................ 53 
EURIBOR.............................................................. 253 
euro ......................................................................... xiv 
Euroclear.................................................................. 48 
Euronext Dublin ................................................ Cover 
EUWA ................................................................... viii 
Event of Default..................................................... 268 
excess benefits ......................................................... 71 
Exchange Act .......................................................... vii 
Exchange Agent ..................................................... 220 
Exchange Date ....................................................... 194 
Exchange Event ..................................................... 195 
EY .............................................................................ix 
FATCA .................................................................. 254 
FATCA Withholding Tax ...................................... 254 
FATF ....................................................................... 34 
Final Terms ........................................................ Cover 
Fiscal Agent ........................................................... 220 
Fitch ................................................................... Cover 
Fixed Rate Notes ....................................................... 7 
Floating Rate Notes ................................................... 7 
Foreign Financial Institution.................................. 287 
Foreign Passthru Payments .................................... 287 
Framework Agreement .......................................... 189 
FSMA .................................................................... viii 
Garanti ................................................................... 123 
GDF ........................................................................... 1 
GDP ......................................................................... 15 
Global Note ............................................................. 51 
Governmental Authority ........................................ 261 
Green Bonds ............................................................ 54 
Green Project ........................................................... 55 
Group ....................................................................... xv 
Halkbank.................................................................. 13 
HIBOR ................................................................... 253 
holder ..................................................................... 220 
Hong Kong ............................................................... ii 
IAI Definitive Note ................................................ 195 
IAI Global Note ..................................................... 195 
IAI Investment Letter ............................................. vii 
IAI Notes ............................................................... 195 
IAS 29 ........................................................................ x 
ICAAP ................................................................... 178 
ICAAP Regulation ................................................. 178 
ICAAP Report ....................................................... 179 
ICMA Green Bond Principles ................................. 55 
ICMA Social Bond Principles ................................. 55 
ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines .................... 55 
IFRS ........................................................................... x 
IGAs ...................................................................... 287 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money........................ 269 
Independent Advisor .............................................. 249 
Indirect Participants ............................................... 276 
Institutional Accredited Investors .............................vi 
Insurance Distribution Directive ............................. vii 
Interest Accrual Period .......................................... 231 
Interest Amount ..................................................... 253 
Interest Commencement Date ................................ 253 
Interest Payment Date ............................................ 228 
Interest Period ........................................................ 253 
Interest Rate ............................................................. 37 
Investor Put ............................................................ 263 
Investor’s Currency ................................................. 52 
İşbank .................................................................... 123 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment.................................... 252 
ISDA Fallback Rate ............................................... 252 
ISIS .......................................................................... 13 
Issue Date .......................................................... Cover 
Issue Price .................................................................. 7 
Issuer ................................................................. Cover 
Issuer Call .............................................................. 262 
IT  ............................................................................. 34 
JCR Eurasia ....................................................... Cover 
KfW ........................................................................... 4 
KGF ......................................................................... 26 
KOSGEB ............................................................... 131 
Legended Notes ...................................................... vii 
London Banking Day ............................................. 231 
MAS ...................................................................... viii 
Material Subsidiary................................................ 269 
Maturity Date ........................................................... 37 
Member State ..................................................... Cover 
MiFID II ............................................................ Cover 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ...........................iv 
Moody’s ............................................................. Cover 
NGN ...................................................................... 193 
NIBOR ................................................................... 253 
Noteholder ............................................................. 220 
Notes .................................................................. Cover  
NPLs ....................................................................... xiv 
NSS ........................................................................ 195 
Observation Look-Back Period ............................. 231 
Observation Period ................................................ 231 
OECD ...................................................................... 34 
OFAC ...................................................................... 52 
Official List ....................................................... Cover 
Optional Redemption Date .................................... 263 
Original Reference Rate ........................................ 249 
Participants ............................................................ 276 
Participating Member States .................................. 288 
Paying Agent ......................................................... 220

--- Page 337 ---
316 
Payment Business Day .......................................... 256 
Payment Business Day Convention ....................... 257 
PBoC ....................................................................... 47 
Permanent Bearer Global Note .............................. 193 
Person .................................................................... 226 
PKK ......................................................................... 14 
Plans ...................................................................... 289 
POA ..........................................................................ix 
POS .......................................................................... 22 
PRC .......................................................................... ii 
PRC Government ..................................................... 47 
President’s Decision regarding the Share Transfer .... 1 
PRIBOR ................................................................. 253 
PRIIPs Regulation .................................................. vii 
Proceedings ............................................................ 274 
Programme ........................................................ Cover 
Programme Agreement .......................................... 290 
Programme Approvals ............................................. iii 
Prospectus Regulation ....................................... Cover 
PTCE ..................................................................... 289 
Put Notice .............................................................. 263 
PwC ..........................................................................ix 
QIBs ................................................................... Cover 
Rate Calculation Business Day .............................. 261 
Rate Calculation Date ............................................ 261 
Rating Agencies ................................................. Cover 
RCAP ..................................................................... 165 
Record Date ........................................................... 255 
Redeemed Notes .................................................... 263 
Reference Rate ....................................................... 253 
Reference Time...................................................... 253 
Register .................................................................. 221 
Register of Administrators ......................................... v 
Registered Global Note ......................................... 195 
Registered Notes ................................................ Cover 
Registrar ................................................................ 220 
Regulated Market .............................................. Cover 
Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios ............... 22 
Regulation on the Maintenance of Securities .......... 23 
Regulation S ...................................................... Cover 
Regulation S Notes ................................................ 194 
Regulation S Registered Global Note .................... 194 
Regulation S Registered Note ................................ 194 
Regulatory Capital Communiqué .......................... 172 
Relevant Date ........................................................ 267 
Relevant Governmental Body ................................ 253 
Relevant Indebtedness ........................................... 225 
Relevant Jurisdiction ............................................. 267 
Relevant Nominating Body ................................... 249 
Relevant Payment Date ......................................... 257 
Relevant Period ..................................................... 253 
Renminbi ................................................................ xiv 
Renminbi Notes ....................................................... 47 
RMB ....................................................................... xiv 
RMB Clearing Banks ............................................... 47 
RMB Currency Event ............................................ 261 
RMB Illiquidity ..................................................... 261 
RMB Inconvertibility ............................................ 261 
RMB Non-Transferability ..................................... 261 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) .................................... 260 
ROBOR ................................................................. 253 
Rule 144A .......................................................... Cover 
Rule 144A Global Note ......................................... 195 
Sanction Targets ...................................................... 52 
SDIF .........................................................................iv 
SEC ........................................................................... ii 
Securities Act ..................................................... Cover 
Security Interest ..................................................... 224 
Series ..................................................................... 221 
Settlement Agreements ............................................ 47 
SFA ........................................................................ viii 
SIBOR ................................................................... 253 
Similar Law ........................................................... 289 
SME ........................................................................... 2 
Social Bonds ............................................................ 54 
Social Project ........................................................... 55 
SOFR ..................................................................... 234 
SONIA ..................................................................... 43 
SONIA Reference Rate ......................................... 232 
Specified Currency .................................................... 6 
Specified Denomination .......................................... 51 
Specified Time ....................................................... 253 
Spot Rate ............................................................... 261 
SSF .......................................................................... 71 
Stabilisation Manager ............................................ viii 
Sterling ................................................................... xiv 
Sterling LIBOR ....................................................... 43 
sub-unit .................................................................. 254 
Successor Rate ....................................................... 249 
Sustainability Bonds ................................................ 54 
Sustainability Notes ................................................. 54 
Sustainability Projects ............................................. 54 
Sustainable Finance Framework .............................. 54 
T2 System .............................................................. 253 
Talons .................................................................... 220 
TAS 29 ...................................................................... x 
Tax Decrees ............................................................. 37 
Taxes ......................................................................... 9 
TEFRA C ................................................................. 10 
TEFRA D................................................................. 10 
Temporary Bearer Global Note ............................. 193 
TFRS ........................................................................ix 
TFRS 15....................................................................ix 
TFRS 16....................................................................ix 
TFRS 9 .....................................................................ix 
Tier 2 Conditions ................................................... 168 
TL ........................................................................... xiv 
TLREF ..................................................................... 44 
Tranche .................................................................. 221 
Transfer Agent ....................................................... 220 
TRLIBOR ................................................................ 44 
Turkish Auditor Regulation ......................................ix

--- Page 338 ---
317 
Turkish Lira ............................................................ xiv 
Turkish Purchase Requirements ...............................iv 
Turkish Treasury...................................................... xv 
Türkiye .............................................................. Cover 
Türkiye Hayat Emeklilik ......................................... 76 
Türkiye Sigorta .......................................................... 1 
Türkiye Wealth Fund ................................................. 1 
TurkStat ................................................................... xv 
U.S. .................................................................... Cover 
U.S. dollars ............................................................. xiv 
U.S. person ........................................................ Cover 
UK ..................................................................... Cover 
UK CRA Regulation ................................................ 53 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ...................... v 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ........................................... viii 
UK Prospectus Regulation ..................................... viii 
UK Retail Investor ................................................. viii 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement .................... 253 
United States ...................................................... Cover 
US$ ......................................................................... xiv 
USD LIBOR ............................................................ 41 
Vakıfbank Law .......................................................... 1 
Vakıfbank Pension Fund ......................................... 71 
VaR ........................................................................ 141 
WIBOR .................................................................. 253 
Yapı Kredi Bank .................................................... 123 
Zero Coupon Notes .................................................... 7 
Ziraat ..................................................................... 112

--- Page 339 ---
APPENDIX A 
318 
OVERVIEW OF DIFFERENCES BETWEEN IFRS AND THE BRSA PRINCIPLES 
The BRSA Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with the BRSA Principles. The BRSA Principles, 
statements, communiqués and guidance differ from IFRS in some instances that might be material to the financial 
information herein. Such differences primarily relate to the format of presentation of financial statements, disclosure 
requirements (e.g., IFRS 7) and accounting policies. BRSA format and disclosure requirements are prescribed by relevant 
regulations and do not always conform to IFRS or IAS 34 standards. The following paragraphs contain a narrative 
description of differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles as adopted by the Issuer in preparing its annual financial 
statements. 
Similar differences with IFRS also exist in the accounting policies and disclosure requirements applied to 
consolidated subsidiaries, especially those providing life and non-life insurance services, which are subject to 
policies/requirements of the Turkish Treasury, and factoring and leasing services, which are subject to specific BRSA 
policies/requirements. 
Hyperinflationary Accounting 
Pursuant to TAS 29 and IAS 29, the financial statements of entities whose functional currency is that of a 
hyperinflationary economy must be adjusted for the effects of changes in a general price index. Neither TAS 29 nor IAS 29 
establishes an absolute rate when hyperinflation is deemed to arise, but rather each provides a series of non-exclusive 
guidelines as to when restatement of financial statements becomes necessary. These guidelines include, among other 
considerations, quantitative criteria based upon if the three-year cumulative inflation rate approaches or exceeds 100%. In 
March 2022, the International Practices Task Force of the Centre for Audit Quality, which monitors countries experiencing 
high inflation, categorised Türkiye as a country with a three-year cumulative inflation rate greater than 100% as of 
28 February 2022. Accordingly, Turkish companies reporting under IFRS should apply IAS 29 to their financial statements 
for periods ending on and after 30 June 2022. 
With respect to TFRS, on 20 January 2022, the POA stated that businesses applying TFRS do not need to make any 
adjustments in their financial statements for 2021 within the scope of TAS 29. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there 
has been no further announcement by the POA regarding this issue and, as a result, inflation adjustments for such periods 
have not been applied on the BRSA Financial Statements. As a result, the BRSA Financial Statements that do not apply 
hyperinflationary accounting might differ materially from those applying hyperinflationary accounting in accordance with 
IAS 29. 
Presentation of Financial Statements 
There are differences in presentation of financial statements other than measurement differences described above. 
These differences can be briefly explained by mandatory financial statement line items in accordance with IAS 1, disclosure 
requirements of IFRS 7 or, where applicable, the disclosure requirements of other standards. BRSA Financial Statements 
(including the related notes) are presented under a special format determined by the BRSA. Similarly, balance sheet, 
statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows are presented using this 
specified format. The BRSA also requires a statement for off balance sheet items. These presentation differences might vary 
based upon the sector that the related consolidated subsidiary operates in, especially those providing life and non-life 
insurance services, which are subject to the Turkish Treasury policies/requirements, and factoring and leasing services, which 
are subject to specific BRSA policies/requirements. 
Basis for Consolidation 
Consolidation principles under the BRSA Principles and IFRS are based upon the concept of the power to control in 
determining whether a parent/subsidiary relationship exists and that consolidation is appropriate. Control is typically 
exhibited where an entity has the majority of the voting rights. 
Only financial sector subsidiaries are consolidated under the BRSA Principles, whereas other associates are carried 
at cost. The BRSA Principles provides an exemption for consolidation based upon certain materiality criteria, whereas this is 
not applicable in the case of IFRS. Under IFRS, all subsidiaries are consolidated.

--- Page 340 ---
APPENDIX A 
319 
Modified Financial Assets 
Following the implementation of IFRS 9 as of 1 January 2018, the BRSA Principles regarding classification and 
measurement as well as expected credit loss principles applicable to financial instruments’ portfolios were aligned with IFRS; 
however, the BRSA made some amendments to the application of the relevant BRSA Principles through communiqués and 
other laws, which amendments resulted in some differences in terms of staging and expected credit loss calculations between 
the BRSA Principles and the application of IFRS. 
In accordance with IFRS 9, at each reporting date, an entity shall measure the loss allowance for a financial 
instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses if the credit risk on that financial instrument has 
increased significantly since initial recognition. If the contractual cash flows on a financial asset have been renegotiated or 
modified and the financial asset was not derecognised, then an entity shall assess whether there has been a significant 
increase in the credit risk of the financial instrument by comparing: 
(a) the risk of a default occurring at the reporting date (based upon the modified contractual terms), and 
(b) the risk of a default occurring at initial recognition (based upon the original, unmodified contractual 
terms). 
In accordance with the BRSA Principles, an entity can measure the loss allowance for the financial instrument of 
which contractual cash flows have been renegotiated or modified at an amount equal to 12-month expected credit losses 
without assessing whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk of the financial instrument.

--- Page 341 ---
PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE BANK 
Türkiye Vakıflar Bankası T.A.O. 
Finanskent Mahallesi Finans Caddesi No: 40/1 
Ümraniye, İstanbul 
Türkiye 
FISCAL AGENT AND 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT 
AND PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
2453 Luxembourg 
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
UNITED STATES PAYING AGENT, EXCHANGE AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch 
240 Greenwich Street 
New York, New York 10286 
United States of America 
LEGAL COUNSEL TO THE DEALERS AS TO 
ENGLISH AND UNITED STATES LAW 
LEGAL COUNSEL TO THE DEALERS AS TO 
TURKISH LAW 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Allen & Overy LLP 
32 rue François 1er. 
75008 Paris 
France 
Gedik Eraksoy Avukatlık Ortaklığı 
River Plaza, Kat: 17 
Büyükdere Caddesi, Bahar Sokak No. 13 
TR-34394 Levent, İstanbul 
Türkiye 
LEGAL COUNSEL TO THE BANK 
AS TO ENGLISH AND UNITED STATES LAW 
LEGAL COUNSEL TO THE BANK 
AS TO TURKISH LAW 
Özmen Yalçın Avukatlık Ortaklığı 
Büyükdere Caddesi, No: 191 
Apa Giz Plaza, Kat: 9 
Levent, İstanbul, 34330 
Türkiye 
Mayer Brown 
International LLP 
201 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 3AF 
United Kingdom 
Mayer Brown LLP 
71 South Wacker Drive 
Chicago, Illinois 60606 
United States of America 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE BANK 
FOR 2020 
PwC Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali 
Müşavirlik A.Ş. 
BJK Plaza Süleyman Seba Cad. No:48 B Blok Kat:9 
Akaretler, Beşiktaş, 34357 İstanbul 
Türkiye 
FOR 2021, 2022 AND 2023 
Güney Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest 
Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik Anonim Şirketi 
Maslak Mahallesi Eski Büyükdere Cad. Orjin Plaza No:27 
Kat: 2-3-4 
Daire: 54-57-59 34485 
Sarıyer, İstanbul 
Türkiye 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland

--- Page 342 ---
ARRANGER 
Standard Chartered Bank 
1 Basinghall Avenue 
London EC2V 5DD 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank 
10th Floor, Head Office 
Sheikh Zayed Street 
Abu Dhabi 
United Arab Emirates 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
Emirates NBD Bank (P.J.S.C.) 
c/o Emirates NBD Capital Limited 
Level 7, ICD Brookfield Place 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
(DIFC) 
P.O. Box 506710 
Dubai, United Arab Emirates 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Am Belvedere 1 
1100 Vienna 
Austria 
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC 
FAB Building 
Khalifa Business Park – Al Qurm 
District 
Abu Dhabi P.O. Box 6316 
United Arab Emirates 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
ING Bank N.V., London Branch 
8-10 Moorgate 
London EC2R 6DA 
United Kingdom 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., London 
Branch 
90 Queen Street 
London EC4N 1SA 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Mashreqbank psc 
Mashreqbank New Head Office 
Al Umniyati Street 
Burj Khalifa Community 
P.O. Box 1250, Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Mizuho International plc 
30 Old Bailey 
London EC4M 7AU 
United Kingdom 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc 
Ropemaker Place 
25 Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9AJ 
United Kingdom 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
QNB Capital LLC 
Level 3 
QNB Msheireb Downtown 
Doha, State of Qatar 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited 
100 Liverpool Street 
London EC2M 2AT 
United Kingdom 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
Standard Chartered Bank 
1 Basinghall Avenue 
London EC2V 5DD 
United Kingdom 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany