--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 20 August 2024 
1 
This document constitutes the base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, Prospectus Regulation) in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of 
Article 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation of TAG Immobilien AG (Base Prospectus). 
 
TAG Immobilien AG 
(Hamburg, Federal Republic of Germany) 
EUR 3,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
Under this Base Prospectus, TAG Immobilien AG (Issuer and, together with its consolidated group companies, TAG or Group), subject 
to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue unsubordinated bearer notes in a minimum 
denomination of EUR 100,000.00 per Note (together, Notes). The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under the Debt Issuance 
Programme described in this Base Prospectus (Programme) outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 3,000,000,000 (or the equivalent 
in other currencies). The principal amount of the Notes, the issue currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, the issue prices 
and maturities of the Notes and all other terms and conditions which are applicable to a particular Tranche of Notes (each term as defined 
below, see "I. GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME") will be set out in the document containing the final terms (each Final 
Terms) within the meaning of Art. 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF) of the Grand Duchy of Lux-
embourg (Luxembourg) in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and 
gives no undertakings as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with 
the provisions of article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities (loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mo-
bilières) dated 16 July 2019. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the economic or financial opportunity of the 
operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Application has been made to list the Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) (Official List) 
and to admit the Notes to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regu-
lated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended (MiFID II). However, Notes may also be issued under the Programme which are 
listed on a stock exchange other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or which are not listed on any stock exchange. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form together with all documents incor-
porated by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). This Base Prospectus and any supplement to 
this Base Prospectus will also be published on the website of the Issuer (www.tag-ag.com/en/investor-relations/creditor-relations). This 
Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months after its approval. The validity ends upon expiration of 20 August 2025. The obliga-
tion to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply 
when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy, the Notes in any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation is unlawful. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act) and subject 
to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks 
and that they consider the suitability of the Notes as an investment in light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Investing in 
the Notes involves certain risks. Please review the section entitled "II. RISK FACTORS " beginning on page 12 of this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
BofA Securities 
Deutsche Bank 
J.P. Morgan 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 2 ---
2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer, with its registered seat (Sitz) in Hamburg, Germany, and its registered office in Hamburg, 
Germany accepts responsibility for the information given in the Base Prospectus and for the information 
which will be contained in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus for which it is responsible is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus 
makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and 
with any other documents incorporated herein by reference (see "XIII. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED 
BY REFERENCE" below). Full information on the Issuer and any Tranche of Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of the Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the relevant Final 
Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer (as defined in "I. GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE 
PROGRAMME”). 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, excluding 
the Issuer, is responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any supplement 
thereto, or any Final Terms or any other document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, 
and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any 
responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of these docu-
ments. 
The Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months following the date of its approval and the Base Prospec-
tus and any supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms reflects the status as of their respective dates 
of issue. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, 
under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the 
Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently sup-
plemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the offering or sale of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
comes are required by the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restriction. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States of America (United States). 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form and are subject to certain U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to 
certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any U.S. person. The term "U.S. person" has the meaning ascribed to it in Regu-
lation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended and regulations thereunder. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States 
to non-U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S and may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time 
by any U.S. person. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distri-
bution of this Base Prospectus, see "XI. Subscription and Sale –3. Selling Restrictions".

--- Page 3 ---
3 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms may be used for the 
purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not 
authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or 
an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation 
by the Issuer or any Dealer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should sub-
scribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be 
taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the 
Issuer. 
The language of the Base Prospectus except for the form of terms and conditions of the Notes (Terms 
and Conditions) is English. The binding language of the terms and conditions of each Series of Notes 
will be specified in the respective Final Terms. 
Some figures (including percentages) in the Base Prospectus have been rounded in accordance with 
commercial rounding. Accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic 
aggregation of the preceding figures. 
The information on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF unless that information is incorpo-
rated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
SUSTAINABLE BONDS 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that the Issuer will apply an 
amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the issuance of such Tranche of Notes specifically for assets 
and projects that promote social and environmental purposes (Eligible Sustainable Projects). The 
Issuer has established a framework for such issuances (Sustainable Finance Framework) in accord-
ance with the Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021 (SBG), Green Bond Principles 2021 (GBP) and So-
cial Bond Principles 2021 (SBP), as administered by International Capital Market Association (ICMA); 
and the Green Loan Principles 2021 (GLP) and Social Loan Principles 2021 (SLP), as administered by 
the Loan Market Association (LMA), the Asia Pacific Loan Market Association (APLMA) and the Loan 
Syndications & Trading Association (LSTA) which further specifies the eligibility criteria for such Eligible 
Sustainable Projects. The Sustainable Finance Framework can be accessed on the website of the Is-
suer (www.tag-ag.com/en/investor-relations/creditor-relations). For a summary of the Sustainable Fi-
nance Framework please refer to the section "IX. SUSTAINABLE FINANCE FRAMEWORK" in this Base 
Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Sustainable Finance Framework nor the content of 
the website or any second party opinion in connection with the Sustainable Finance Framework are 
incorporated by reference into or form part of this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers, the Arranger, 
any of its affiliates or any other person mentioned in the Base Prospectus makes any representation as 
to the suitability of such Notes to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria required by any prospec-
tive investors. The Dealers and the Arranger have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assess-
ment of the Sustainable Finance Framework or the Eligible Sustainable Projects, any verification of 
whether the Eligible Sustainable Projects meet the criteria set out in the Sustainable Finance Framework 
or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. Notes issued under the Programme will not qualify as "Euro-
pean Green Bonds". Any Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme and referred to as "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable", "social" or equivalently labelled will only comply with the criteria and 
processes set out in the Issuer's Sustainable Finance Framework. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribu-
tion of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(each a Distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distribu-
tor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distri-
bution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 of 7 April 2016 (the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. The Issuer is not a 
manufacturer or Distributor for the purposes of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or rec-
ommending the Notes (a UK Distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a UK Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. The Issuer is not a manu-
facturer or UK Distributor for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA 
RETAIL INVESTORS", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Eco-
nomic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance 
distribution (recast) (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. If the above mentioned legend is included in the relevant 
Final Terms, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail 
and insurance-based investment products (PRIIPs), as amended (PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK 
RETAIL INVESTORS", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(UK). For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA. If the above mentioned legend is 
included in the relevant Final Terms, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No

--- Page 5 ---
5 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA (UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 (SFA) 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued 
under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN (ONTARIO) INVESTORS  
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that 
are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or Subsec-
tion 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 
31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the 
Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the pro-
spectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territo-
ries of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus 
(including any supplement hereto and/or any Final Terms) contains a misrepresentation, provided that 
the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed 
by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any 
applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars 
of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. In relation to offers of Notes in the province of Alberta, 
British Columbia or Ontario only, the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements 
of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION / STATEMENT IN RELATION TO ADMINISTRATOR'S 
REGISTRATION 
The Final Terms in respect of any of the Notes offered on the basis of the Base Prospectus may specify 
that interest amounts payable under floating rate Notes are calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate (EURIBOR), which as at the date of the Base Prospectus is provided by the European 
Money Markets Institute (EMMI). As at the date of the Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (Benchmarks Regulation). 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public rec-
ord and save where required by applicable law the Issuer does not intend to include in the relevant Final 
Terms any information on the registration status of any administrator. 
In case Notes are issued which make reference to another benchmark or in case there was a change 
to any of the above-named benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will specify the name of the specific 
benchmark and the relevant administrator. In such case, the applicable Final Terms will further specify 
if the relevant administrator is included in the ESMA register. 
CURRENCIES 
In the Base Prospectus, all references to €, EUR or euro are to the currency introduced at the start of 
the third stage of the European economic and monetary union, and defined in Article 2 of Council Reg-
ulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May, 1998, on the introduction of the euro, as amended. All references to 
PLN are to the złoty, the official currency of the Republic of Poland (Poland).

--- Page 6 ---
6 
RATING 
A tranche of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a tranche of Notes is rated, such rating and the 
respective rating agency will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if 
any) named as stabilisation manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf of a 
stabilisation manager) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not nec-
essarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclo-
sure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant stabilisation manager(s) (or person(s) acting 
on behalf of any stabilisation manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
ESG RATINGS 
The Issuer's exposure to Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risks and the related manage-
ment arrangements established to mitigate those risks has been assessed through ESG ratings. Please 
refer to the section "IV. BUSINESS OF THE GROUP– 5. Sustainability" for further information. ESG 
ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings 
may differ. The Issuer's ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or 
financial performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on 
which they were initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of 
any such ESG ratings information contained in the Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an invest-
ment decision. Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG 
ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and 
award of ESG ratings. For more information regarding the assessment methodologies used to determine 
ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings agency's website (which website does not form a part 
of, nor is incorporated by reference in, the Base Prospectus). 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
The Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a 
statement that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on forecasts of future 
results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking state-
ments are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "outlook", "anticipate", "believe", "could", 
"estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "seek", "will" and similar terms and 
phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in the Base 
Prospectus containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding the 
Group's business and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory 
conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in the Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions 
that the Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject 
to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including the Group's financial 
condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have ex-
pressly or implicitly been suggested or described in these forward-looking statements. The Group's 
business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking state-
ment, estimate or prediction in the Base Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are 
strongly advised to read the sections "II. RISK FACTORS", "III. GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE

--- Page 7 ---
7 
ISSUER" and "IV. BUSINESS OF THE GROUP" in the Base Prospectus. These sections include more 
detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on the Group's business and the markets in 
which it operates.  
In light of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions contained therein, future events described in the 
Base Prospectus may not occur. In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, 
except as required by law, to update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking 
statements to actual events or developments. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus contains certain alternative performance measures, as defined in the guidelines 
issued by ESMA concerning the presentation of alternative performance measures disclosed in regu-
lated information and prospectuses published as from 3 July 2016, which are not recognised financial 
measures under the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union 
(IFRS) or any other generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) (Non-GAAP Measures). These 
Non-GAAP-Measures include net rent, adjusted EBITDA- total, adjusted EBITDA – total rental business, 
adjusted EBITDA – sales Poland, adjusted EBITDA – other, adjusted net income from sales Poland 
(segment result sales Poland), FFO I, FFO I per share, FFO II, FFO II per share, AFFO, EPRA Net 
Tangible Assets (EPRA NTA) per share, Loan to Value (LTV), Interest Cover Ratio (ICR) and Net Fi-
nancial Debt/adjusted EBITDA – total (for more information, see "III. GENERAL INFORMATION ON 
THE ISSUER – 9.6. Selected Non-GAAP Measures" below). 
Such Non-GAAP Measures must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior 
to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS included elsewhere or incorporated by refer-
ence in the Base Prospectus. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these Non-GAAP 
Measures and are also advised to review them in conjunction with the financial statements of the Issuer 
including the related notes thereto, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The unaudited consolidated income statement information and the other financial information presented 
for the twelve months ended 30 June 2024 have been derived by subtracting the financial information 
for the six months ended 30 June 2023 from the financial information for the financial year ended 31 De-
cember 2023 and adding the financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2024. The unau-
dited consolidated income statement information and the other financial information presented for the 
twelve months ended 30 June 2023 have been derived by subtracting the financial information for the 
six months ended 30 June 2022 from the financial information for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022 and adding the financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2023. The unaudited con-
solidated income statement information and the other financial information presented for the twelve 
months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023 have been prepared for illustrative purposes only and are not 
necessarily representative of the Issuer's results of operations for any future period or its financial con-
dition at any future date. This data has been prepared solely for the purpose of this Prospectus and has 
not been audited or reviewed.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
I. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................... 9 
II. 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................... 12 
III. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER ....................................................................... 48 
IV. 
BUSINESS OF THE GROUP................................................................................................. 72 
V. 
ISSUE PROCEDURES .......................................................................................................... 83 
VI. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES....................................................................... 85 
VII. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................... 217 
VIII. 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................... 238 
IX. 
SUSTAINABLE FINANCE FRAMEWORK ........................................................................... 239 
X. 
TAXATION WARNING ......................................................................................................... 242 
XI. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................... 243 
XII. 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................. 247 
XIII. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................... 250 
XIV. 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES................................................................................................. 253

--- Page 9 ---
9 
I. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
1. 
General 
Under the Programme, TAG Immobilien AG (Issuer and, together with its consolidated group compa-
nies, TAG or Group), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from 
time to time issue notes (Notes) to one or more of the following Dealers: BofA Securities Europe SA, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, J.P. Morgan SE, Société Générale and any additional Dealer ap-
pointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis (together Dealers). Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft acts as arranger in 
respect of the Programme (Arranger). Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. acts as Luxembourg listing 
agent (Luxembourg Listing Agent). Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft will act as fiscal agent (Fiscal 
Agent) and paying agent (Paying Agent). 
The aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed EUR 3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) (Programme Amount). The Issuer 
may increase the Programme Amount in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined 
herein) from time to time. 
2. 
Prospectus 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) pursuant to this Base Prospectus and 
associated Final Terms; or (2) pursuant to a Specific Prospectus (as defined below); or (3) in relation to 
Notes not publicly offered in, and not admitted to trading on a regulated market of, any member state of 
the EEA, in such form as agreed between the Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s) and, if relevant for the Fiscal 
Agent, the Fiscal Agent. 
Specific Prospectus means any prospectus prepared by the Issuer in relation to Notes issued under 
the Programme and having terms not contemplated by the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II, 
which may incorporate by reference certain parts of the Base Prospectus and which constitutes a pro-
spectus for the purposes of Article 6 para. 3 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, Prospectus Regulation), including any documents 
which are from time to time incorporated by reference in the Specific Prospectus, as such Specific Pro-
spectus is amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
3. 
Issues of Notes 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. 
The Notes issued under this Base Prospectus will be issued as fixed rate (Fixed Rate Notes) or floating 
rate notes (Floating Rate Notes). 
Notes will be issued in series (each a Series) having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series 
being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a Tranche) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche 
(which will be completed, where necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions of the Notes (Terms 
and Conditions) and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be 
completed in the final terms. 
Notes of any Tranche may be issued at a price (Issue Price) equal to their principal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their principal amount. The Issue Price for the Notes of any Tranche issued on 
a syndicated basis will be determined at the time of pricing based on a yield which will be determined 
on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received by the Dealers during the placement of 
such Notes. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above such yield. The 
resulting yield will be used to determine the Issue Price.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the 
Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 100,000.00, and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount in such 
other currency at least equivalent to EUR 100,000.00 at the time of the issue of Notes. Subject to any 
applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be 
issued in euro or any other currency. 
Notes will be issued with such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by any laws, regulations and directives applicable to the Issuer or the relevant currency. 
The principal amount of the Notes, the currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, if any, the 
day count fraction, the Issue Price and maturities of the Notes which are applicable to a particular 
Tranche will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
4. 
Form of Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes will be represented by one or more physical global bearer notes (such Tranche: 
Physical Notes) or represented by an electronic central register security (such Tranche: Electronic 
Notes). 
4.1 
Physical Notes 
In the case of Physical Notes, each Tranche of Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global 
note (each a Temporary Global Note). Interests in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, in 
whole or in part, for interest in a permanent global note (each a Permanent Global Note) on or after 
the date 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the relevant issue date (Ex-
change Date), upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The Notes will be freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant Clearing 
System.  
4.2 
Electronic Notes 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Tranche of Notes will be represented by a central 
register security pursuant to Section 4(2) of the German Electronic Securities Act (Gesetz über el-
ektronische Wertpapiere – eWpG) (Central Register Security) and will be entered into a central secu-
rities register pursuant to Section 12 eWpG (Central Securities Register) operated by Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main (Central Registrar). 
For the issuance of Central Register Securities, the Central Registrar will use its proprietary digital plat-
form D7 Digitiser (D7 Digitiser). Upon instruction of the Issuer via the D7 Digitiser to the Central Reg-
istrar, the Notes will be issued by the Central Registrar by making the respective entries into the Central 
Securities Register while referencing the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Tranche, which will be 
submitted (niedergelegt) to the Central Registrar by or on behalf of the Issuer prior to the issuance of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
The Central Registrar is entered into the Central Securities Register as the holder (Inhaber) of each 
Central Register Security in collective entry (Sammeleintragung) pursuant to Section 8(1) no. 1 eWpG 
for the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series issued and holds such Notes in 
trust for the relevant Noteholders of such Series as the beneficiaries (Berechtigte) within the meaning 
of Section 3(2) eWpG. 
Central Register Securities in collective entry (Sammeleintragung) are deemed pursuant to Section 9(1) 
sentence 1 eWpG to form a collective securities inventory (Wertpapiersammelbestand) in which the 
relevant Noteholders hold proportional co-ownership interests or similar rights transferrable in

--- Page 11 ---
11 
accordance with applicable law and the rules and regulations of Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am 
Main, as the relevant clearing system. 
No physical global note certificate (Sammelurkunde) or definitive note certificates and interest coupons 
will be issued for such Tranche of Notes and any claim of the relevant Noteholders to request to change 
the entry of the Central Register Securities from collective to individual entry (Einzeleintragung) or to 
request to exchange the Central Register Security for a global note certificate (Sammelurkunde) or for 
definitive note certificates is explicitly excluded. 
5. 
Distribution of Notes 
Notes may be distributed by way of public offer or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated 
or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Notes may be offered to qualified and non-qualified investors. 
The offer and distribution of any Notes of any Tranche will be subject to selling restrictions, including 
those for the United States, the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom. See 
"XI. SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE" below. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
and/or "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II and/or the FCA Handbook Product Inter-
vention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market as-
sessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
6. 
Listing of Notes 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Pro-
gramme to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg", appearing on the list 
of regulated markets issued by the European Commission. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regu-
lated market is a regulated market included on the list of regulated markets published by ESMA for the 
purposes of MiFID II. However, Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange, subject to the notifi-
cation of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Art. 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, or may be 
unlisted as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
II. 
RISK FACTORS 
Before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Programme, investors should carefully review and 
consider the following risk factors and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus. Should 
one or more of the risks described below materialise, this may have a material adverse effect on the 
business, prospects, shareholders' equity, assets, financial position and results of operations (Ver-
mögens-, Finanz- und Ertragslage) or general affairs of the Issuer or the Group. Moreover, if any of 
these risks occur, the market value of Notes issued under the Programme and the likelihood that the 
Issuer will be in a position to fulfil its payment obligations under Notes issued under the Programme may 
decrease, in which case the holders of Notes (Noteholders) issued under the Programme could lose 
all or part of their investments. Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of 
assessing the risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Notes issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with Notes issued under the Programme for other unknown reasons than 
those described below. Additional risks of which the Issuer is not presently aware could also affect the 
business operations of the Issuer or the Group and have a material adverse effect on their business 
activities, financial condition and results of operations. Prospective investors should read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by refer-
ence herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The following risk factors are organised in categories depending on their respective nature. In each 
category the most material risk factors, based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected 
magnitude of their negative impact, are mentioned first. 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions shall have the same meanings in this 
section. 
1. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer and the Group 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and the Group are presented in categories depending on their 
nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
1.1 
Market Risks 
1.1.1 
TAG is dependent on general economic and demographic developments in the markets 
where its properties and projects are located. 
The Issuer is the holding company of TAG, a Hamburg-based real estate group that focuses on the 
residential property sector. The properties of TAG and its subsidiaries are spread across various regions 
in Northern and Eastern Germany and North Rhine-Westphalia, and since the year 2020 also in Poland, 
where the business model includes sales activities in addition to the development and management of 
a residential property portfolio. In total, as of 30 June 2024, TAG managed around 84,400 (31 December 
2023: around 84,700) residential units in Germany and around 2600 (31 December 2023: around 2,400) 
completed residential rental units in Poland. 
Based on its business model, TAG significantly relies on rental income as well as on revenues from the 
sale of real estate. General economic and demographic factors significantly impact demand for TAG's 
properties, the rents that TAG can achieve, the payment patterns of TAG's tenants, the vacancy rate, 
the valuation of TAG's properties and other developments significant to the business of TAG. TAG is 
thus dependent on general economic and demographic developments, especially in Germany and Po-
land and within regional sub-markets, which may vary significantly. 
In the last few years, the real estate markets in which TAG operates have experienced an increase in 
rent levels. There is a risk that the real estate market will not continue this trend and, consequently, the 
increase in rent levels will weaken or that rent levels will even decrease in the future. Such developments

--- Page 13 ---
13 
may also result in decreasing valuations and values of properties. The real estate markets in which TAG 
operates, including the development of rent levels and real estate prices, are affected by overall eco-
nomic and demographic conditions, especially in Germany and Poland. Real estate markets are gener-
ally affected by numerous economic factors, such as interest rate levels (see also below "1.1.3 High 
interest rates and renewed inflation could impair the valuation of TAG's property portfolio." and 
"1.1.4 Further increases in interest rates could adversely affect the ability of TAG to finance real estate 
portfolio acquisitions or scheduled investments or refinance its debt."), financing conditions, real income, 
economic confidence, inflation, unemployment rates, increases in taxes or perceived or actual declines 
in corporate investments and capital expenditure and demographic factors, such as population, migra-
tion and household growth. 
Specifically, high and rising inflation could increase landlords' non-recoverable costs in respect of stand-
ing investments due to increased costs of development (see also "1.2.3 TAG is planning considerable 
investments in modernisation measures in Germany and new construction projects in Poland which 
might not achieve the expected returns.") as well as impair tenants' ability to afford rents (see also 
"1.2.7 TAG may have to bear significant additional costs if tenants fail to pay for utility and incidental 
costs, specifically as a result of inflation and rising costs of living, rising energy prices in particular."). 
Increasing costs of living as well as economic contraction, economic uncertainty and the perception by 
tenants of weak or weakening economic conditions could cause a decline in the demand for real estate 
and thereby influence market prices, rent levels, rental income and vacancy rates in the real estate 
market. Any developments in the general economic and demographic conditions of the German and 
Polish markets can have significant effects on TAG's business and operations. 
The concentration of TAG's activities on individual regions within Germany or Poland may also lead to 
a dependency on regional market developments and expansion risks. This applies in particular to the 
Eastern German states, where the majority of TAG's property holdings are located. The economic de-
velopment of some locations in which TAG has invested could depend heavily on a few companies or 
industries. As a result, if large companies, companies vital to certain regions, or companies in one or 
several industries were to become insolvent, close or relocate, this could have a material adverse effect 
on the economic development of the relevant location and, therefore, on TAG's portfolio. 
As a result of the geographic focus of TAG's real estate portfolio on Germany and Poland, a negative 
development, contraction or lack of growth in the German or Polish economy or overall macroeconomic 
conditions as well as demographic developments could have a material adverse effect on TAG's busi-
ness, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
1.1.2 
TAG is exposed to risks associated with macroeconomic developments, political un-
certainty and the performance of the economy in the countries in which TAG operates. 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the global economy is characterised by volatility, uncertainty and 
declining growth, particularly in Europe. High debt levels, elevated inflation, the move towards more 
restrictive monetary policy, particularly in the European Union and the United States, and related vul-
nerabilities in the banking sector, wars and armed conflicts, deglobalisation and the associated decou-
pling of global supply chains, persistent supply shortages in raw materials, intermediate products and 
transport capacities, decreased energy availability, high energy prices and restructuring of energy poli-
cies, protectionist tendencies, terrorist activities, political uncertainty, also arising from populist move-
ments, a halt in implementing structural and financial reforms, natural disasters or the spread of infec-
tious diseases could lead to prolonged periods of economic uncertainty. In addition, the year 2024 is 
characterised by increased political uncertainty due to elections in key economies. 
Wars and armed conflicts such as the escalation of the conflict between Israel and Hamas and the 
attacks on shipping routes carried out by Houthi insurgents as well as geopolitical tensions, for example 
in relation to Taiwan, had and are likely to continue to have significant negative effects on the global 
economy. In particular the Russian military invasion in Ukraine (Russia-Ukraine War) and the sanctions 
and export-control measures instituted by the European Union, the UK, the United States, Canada and 
Japan, among others, against Russian and Belarusian entities and individuals, as well as counter-
measures, have severely restricted the level of economic activity in Russia and Ukraine, increased

--- Page 14 ---
14 
volatility and uncertainty in the global financial markets, disrupted supply chains and heavily affected 
energy prices. The ramifications of the prolonged Russia-Ukraine War and related economic sanctions 
and export controls may not be limited to Russia, Ukraine and Russian and Ukrainian companies, and 
may also continue to negatively impact other regional and global economic markets. Specifically, since 
Poland is a direct neighbour of Ukraine, the crisis could in particular affect the Polish market in which 
TAG operates, inter alia, as a result of people from Ukraine seeking refuge in Poland. 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, several regional banks in the United States are under pressure 
due to property loans and have reported losses, triggered by the continuing trend towards working from 
home and the resulting vacancies in commercial real estate. Some German banks with high commit-
ment to commercial real estate in the Unites States have already increased their provisions for loans 
at risk of default in the United States, resulting in falling stock prices of such banks. As of the date of 
the Base Prospectus, there is no certainty on how the commercial real estate industry in the United 
States will develop and what further effects the ongoing crisis will have on German banks and the 
European economy, particularly the real estate sector. 
Finally, the faltering economic growth and resulting ongoing economic crisis in China could have meas-
urable effects on the global economy. Following the liquidation of China's largest and highly indebted 
construction group, the pressure on stock markets in China is increasing. The Chinese domestic real 
estate crisis in particular had a material negative impact on Chinese domestic and regional economic 
growth and could have further consequences for the global economy, the extent of which, as of the date 
of the Base Prospectus, cannot be predicted. 
The property sector, and consequently TAG, depends in many ways on the development of the global 
economy, a stable political environment and supportive local economic conditions. Economic and/or 
political uncertainties, fears of recession, increased levels of inflation and persistently high interest rates, 
among other factors, could have a significant negative impact on TAG's business, for example due to 
the reduced purchasing power of (potential) tenants, declining attractiveness of affected regional mar-
kets, falling property valuations, lower sales prices, negative investment climate and increased raw ma-
terial and labour prices. 
The realisation of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's net assets, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
1.1.3 
High interest rates and renewed inflation could impair the valuation of TAG's property 
portfolio. 
In response to elevated inflation and increased concerns with regards to an economic recession, the 
European Central Bank (ECB) began to raise the interest rate levels in 2022, reaching a preliminary 
interest rate peak in September 2023, with interest levels of 4.50%, 4.75% and 4.00% on the main 
refinancing operations, the marginal lending facility and the deposit facility, respectively. As of the date 
of the Base Prospectus, the ECB has made an interest rate cut of 0.25% in June 2024, lowering the 
interest rates on the main refinancing operations, the marginal lending facility and the deposit facility to 
a rate of 4.25%, 4.5% and 3.75%, respectively. Despite this, the current interest rate level remains con-
siderably higher than in the period prior to 2022, which was characterised by historically low interest rate 
levels. 
The prevailing interest rate policy has resulted in higher discount and capitalisation rates. The discount 
rate is used to calculate the values of the properties recorded on the Issuer's balance sheet (fair value) 
and tends to increase in an environment of rising interest rates, which in turn could have a negative impact 
on the fair value of TAG's real estate portfolio. 
In connection with its acquisition activities, TAG has acquired a substantial amount of goodwill. Any 
acquired goodwill is subject to regular impairment tests potentially resulting in goodwill impairment write-
downs. An increased discount rate can result in lower present values of the expected future cash flows 
and may require goodwill amortisation. In the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements (IFRS) 
of the Issuer as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2024, a carrying amount of goodwill of

--- Page 15 ---
15 
EUR 283.9 million was recorded (31 December 2023: EUR 281.8 million). Depending on the further de-
velopment of markets and interest rates, increasing costs of capital may require impairments both at the 
level of the Issuer and at individual companies of TAG. 
The high interest rates could also negatively affect the willingness of potential buyers to make real estate 
purchases and therefore constrain TAG's disposal business. Additionally, financial institutions may re-
quire that borrowers meet more stringent requirements with regard to creditworthiness. This could lead 
potential buyers of residential properties to refrain from purchasing real estate due to worse financing 
terms or restricted availability of credit. A decline in demand could ultimately lead to falling property 
prices. As a result, TAG may be exposed to the risk of a reduction in the fair value of its real estate 
portfolio and may be required to recognise the corresponding losses from the resulting fair value adjust-
ments in its consolidated income statement. 
Finally, the value of TAG's real estate portfolio could be negatively affected by a renewed rise in inflation 
rates. When preparing real estate valuations, appraisers take into account a multitude of factors, includ-
ing current market transactions. Higher inflation may lead to increased return requirements and capital-
isation rates for properties. Appraisers will address higher return requirements accordingly in their valu-
ations and, consequently, this could lead to adverse effects on the value of TAG's real estate portfolio. 
Consequently, TAG may need to revise the values of the total portfolio on the consolidated balance 
sheet. The rapid climb in inflation also significantly increased the long-term investment rate. 
A material decrease in the fair value of its property portfolio which could be triggered by a further hike 
in interest rates or renewed rise in inflation, could have a material negative impact on TAG. Among other 
factors, the majority of the Issuer's financing agreements contain clauses that stipulate a certain ratio 
between the valuation of the Issuer's portfolio and its indebtedness. A significant drop in fair value of the 
portfolio could, in extreme cases, result in TAG breaching such clauses (see also "1.4.1 If the Issuer or 
other Group companies breach financial covenants or other provisions in connection with any existing 
or future bonds, notes or other financial instruments or under any existing or future loan agreements, 
TAG may be required to pay higher interest or fully repay the relevant bonds, notes or loans before they 
become due, and security trustees or creditors could seize or realise significant collateral furnished by 
the Group."). Irrespective of these covenants, a decline in the fair value of its portfolio could, in general, 
lead to a material deterioration in the Issuer's creditworthiness. 
The realisation of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on the TAG's net assets, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
1.1.4 
Further increases in interest rates could adversely affect the ability of TAG to finance 
real estate portfolio acquisitions or scheduled investments or refinance its debt. 
Any increase in the interest rate levels may permanently impair TAG's ability to finance real estate port-
folio acquisitions through debt. Given TAG's dependence on its ability to access financial markets for 
the refinancing of its debt, any renewed increase in interest rates could also further increase TAG's 
costs of refinancing its existing and future liabilities. This also applies to bank financing agreements or 
extending such agreements. 
Increasing cost of debt may negatively impact TAG's profitability if TAG is not able to increase its reve-
nues from rental income (e.g. through rent increases which may be subject to economic limits due to 
solvency issues of tenants and to legal limits due to regulatory limits, or both). Furthermore, TAG may 
be forced to sell real estate portfolios at substantial discounts, due in large part to difficult financing 
conditions experienced by buyers, which may be further exacerbated by an increase in persons selling 
real estate assets, including TAG's competitors. The significant increase in interest rates and more strin-
gent borrower creditworthiness requirements could further require TAG to postpone scheduled invest-
ments. 
The realisation of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's net assets, 
financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
1.1.5 
TAG is exposed to intense competition. There is a risk that it might not be able to com-
pete successfully, or that it might not be able to distinguish itself adequately from its 
competitors. 
TAG faces various competitors in all sectors of its business, including real estate companies, real estate 
funds, family offices, financial investors with a more opportunistic investment approach, and other insti-
tutional investors. Because of the size and fragmentation of the German and Polish real estate market 
and the multiplicity of market participants, TAG is exposed to intense competition. Several of TAG's 
competitors have substantially greater financial resources or better financing opportunities, larger or 
more diversified real estate holdings, or conversely, because of greater specialisation, they have real 
estate holdings more specific to their target groups; or they may have other competitive advantages 
over TAG. 
In the future, the intense competition to which TAG is exposed could result in lower rental income or 
lower proceeds from disposals. In acquisitions of further real estate portfolios, competitive pressure 
could cause purchase prices to rise substantially and thus reduce the returns from newly acquired port-
folios. In particular, portfolio transactions in the recent past have shown increasing interest of national 
and international investors in German real estate portfolios. This interest is likely to grow due to an 
increased number of publicly listed real estate companies in Germany having access to capital markets 
and pursuing an investment strategy similar to that of TAG. Continued or even increasing interest of 
competing investors could lead to increasing purchase prices, reduced investment opportunities for TAG 
and might even prevent TAG from acquiring further property and thus jeopardise TAG's strategy. TAG 
also competes with other property companies, investment funds, institutional investors, individual own-
ers and other entities to attract and retain suitable tenants on favourable terms. 
If TAG is unable to compete successfully, or to distinguish itself adequately from its competitors, this 
could have a material adverse effect on its business and its net assets, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
1.1.6 
The still relatively high market prices and limited supply of residential properties and 
residential property portfolios could inhibit TAG's ability to acquire additional residen-
tial property portfolios at attractive conditions. 
TAG sees the internal growth of its German portfolio and its development projects in Poland as a main 
driver of its business. However, as part of its business strategy, TAG also seeks to capture external 
growth opportunities by acquiring real estate, residential real estate portfolios and real estate companies 
when these are deemed to enhance the value of the Group. Such acquisitions may only be implemented, 
however, if attractive real estate, real estate portfolios or real estate companies are available for pur-
chase at economically reasonable prices. Given the still high demand for residential real estate in Ger-
many and Poland, such real estate, portfolios and companies may be unavailable or available only at 
unfavourable terms. Due to the increasing consolidation in the German and Polish residential real estate 
markets, the number of available real estate portfolios has further decreased. In addition, competitors 
with asset acquisition objectives similar to those of the Group may possess greater financial resources 
and lower costs of capital than TAG. Furthermore, it cannot be guaranteed that the Group will be able 
to generate sufficient funds to finance such envisaged acquisitions in the future. There is no guarantee 
that TAG will be able to continue to identify or acquire a sufficient number of suitable properties at 
reasonable prices that will allow TAG to successfully implement its business strategy or grow its busi-
ness effectively. 
Additionally, the supply of real estate might be limited, for example, due to fewer sales of real estate 
and real estate portfolios by public and private long-term owners. If public long-term owners cease pri-
vatising, if they reduce their privatisation activities or if they increasingly buy back private portfolios, as 
being witnessed, supply could be constricted, which could increase competition for suitable acquisitions 
and drive prices further, forcing the Group to pay higher prices or to acquire fewer (if any) properties. 
If TAG is no longer able to acquire suitable real estate, real estate portfolios or real estate companies 
at favourable terms in the future, this could limit its future growth and prevent it from achieving additional

--- Page 17 ---
17 
economies of scale. In turn, this could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, finan-
cial position, cash flow and income of TAG. 
1.1.7 
TAG may be unable to sell a portion or the whole of its portfolio on favourable terms. 
The development of supply and demand for residential property has a significant influence on realisable 
property prices. In the past, this demand has led to steadily rising property prices and, with low interest 
rates, has created positive framework conditions for property sellers. By contrast, against the backdrop 
of economic and political uncertainty and in an environment of hight interest rates, a decline in real 
estate prices was recorded in the 2023 fiscal year. 
Market conditions are currently in particular dampened by high financing costs which make it difficult for 
property buyers to finance the required purchase prices or to achieve the desired return on an invest-
ment. Should this situation persist in the long term or even be exacerbated by further interest rate hikes, 
this could lead to a material decline in demand and further falling property prices. 
In addition, some real estate markets in which TAG invests and operates are characterised by limited 
liquidity. The Group's general ability to sell parts of its real estate portfolio depends on the state of 
investment markets and on market liquidity. TAG cannot ensure that sales will be carried out in the 
projected numbers, within the projected time frame or on favourable terms. The factors that may affect 
a possible sale include, among other things, the demand for real estate, the creditworthiness of the 
purchasers and the number of competitors. As the Group's development activities have gained addi-
tional importance following the acquisition of ROBYG S.A., Warsaw, Poland (together with its consoli-
dated subsidiaries, ROBYG), this risk has taken on additional significance in connection with the sale 
of residential real estate units in Poland.  
In order to service its debt (amortisation and interest) and to undertake necessary investments, TAG 
must generate positive cash flows from operating and investing activities including new developments. 
If TAG is unable to generate positive cash flows from its operating activities in the future, the Group may 
be forced to sell apartments irrespective of the market situation. If TAG were to be required to sell parts 
of its real estate portfolio, including for the purpose of raising cash to support its operations, there is no 
guarantee that the Group would be able to sell such parts, or the whole, of its portfolio on favourable 
terms or at all. In the case of a forced sale of all or part of TAG's real estate portfolio, for example, if 
creditors of the Group realise collateral, a significant shortfall between the price obtained and the carry-
ing amount of the portfolio sold is possible. 
Furthermore, the sale and letting of newly built apartments could become more difficult to achieve, par-
ticularly as a result of significantly increased construction costs and, as a result, considerably higher 
sale prices or rents. 
Such events could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
1.2 
Risks related to the Group's Business Activities 
1.2.1 
TAG could be exposed to risks resulting from its project development business. 
Since 2020, TAG has also been active as a project developer on the Polish property market to a signif-
icant extent. As a project developer covering the entire value chain for project developments, TAG faces 
risks at all stages of the development process and many of these may only materialise after TAG has 
already invested significant resources. TAG undertakes these real estate developments at its own risk 
and, due to inherent uncertainties, they may not be profitable. Such developments are typically long-
term in nature and involve numerous risks, some of which are exacerbated by the current inflationary 
environment. Key risks are related to unplanned costs, including incorrect market, commercial and com-
petitive assessments (e.g. unforeseen rises of costs for building materials or labour, inaccurate assess-
ments regarding interest from buyers, erroneous estimates with regard to the achievable sales prices), 
delays in the planning and approval and construction process, incorrect location and project

--- Page 18 ---
18 
development plans, contamination risks, requirements linked to preservation orders or environmental 
requirements, warranty issues, construction defects and defective construction materials or structural 
components. Particularly in the event of increased costs, for example for materials and labour, there is 
a risk that TAG will not be able to pass on these additional expenses to the buyers of development 
projects, or will only be able to do so in part. 
In addition, TAG is dependent on third-party suppliers and contractors to provide construction and other 
services for the realisation of its development projects. Outsourced services include architectural and 
technical design, concept design and construction. Due to the competitive environment in the construc-
tion sector, qualified and reliable construction partners are in great demand. If TAG is unable to find or 
hire qualified and reliable contractors for any of its development projects, the successful completion of 
projects in time or with the required quality is at risk. Contractors may fail to meet TAG's standards and 
deadlines. If any third party fails to provide its services labour, equipment or materials in a timely and/or 
adequate manner, TAG may be required to source these services or materials at a higher price than 
anticipated and may face material delays at its project sites until it is able to identify appropriate alter-
native third parties. Contractors and service providers may be adversely affected by economic down-
turns, insolvencies or any other risks inherent to the provision of any such services as well as force 
majeure incidents such as a public health crisis comparable to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 or the 
Russia-Ukraine War. These risks include damages caused by severe weather conditions (e.g. fires, 
floods or natural disasters) and construction-related delays due to personnel shortages, strikes, building 
site safety, governmental permits, adverse weather conditions, shortage of or inability to source building 
materials and transportation issues, any of which may be influenced by the respective parties' reliance 
on third parties. Among others, any of the aforementioned risks may result in significant cost overruns 
and project delays. 
Furthermore, TAG is exposed to cost increases in connection with services of contractors, service pro-
viders and sub-contractors. Any cost increases could adversely affect TAG's ability to earn the projected 
yields related to TAG's residential development projects. The warranty, guarantee or indemnity protec-
tion set forth in TAG's contracts with third-party suppliers and contractors, and the arrangements with 
insurance providers to insure against certain risks, may prove to be insufficient or may not adequately 
protect TAG against relevant risks. Furthermore, TAG may not be able to enforce claims in the respec-
tive amount, or at all, due to the third-party contractor's or supplier's insolvency or for other reasons. 
Significant liabilities may not be identified or may only come to light after the expiry of TAG's warranty, 
guarantee or indemnity claims. Any claims relating to defects arising from or related to one of TAG's 
residential development projects may give rise to contractual or other liabilities, which can extend, de-
pending on the relevant contractual or statutory provisions, for five years following completion of the 
development project and may not be covered by claims against TAG's contractors or suppliers. On the 
earnings side, there is a risk of incorrect rental or sales price calculations, especially if the time between 
the planning and completion of the project is longer than planned. 
Developing real estate entails certain health, safety, and environmental (HSE) related risks. A significant 
HSE incident at one of the Group's development projects or a general deterioration in TAG's HSE stand-
ards could put TAG's employees, contractors or the general public at risk of injury or death and could 
lead to litigation, significant penalties or damage to TAG's reputation. TAG may be liable for the costs 
of removal, investigation or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances (including asbestos) located 
on, under or in a property currently or formerly owned by TAG, whether or not TAG caused or knew of 
it. Furthermore, TAG may also be deemed to be responsible for latent or historic risks from unknown 
contamination, or may incur greater liability or costs than originally anticipated. The costs of remediation, 
investigation or defending against claims can be substantial, and they may not be covered by warranties 
and indemnities from the seller of the affected land plot or property or by the Group's insurance policies, 
or may prove unenforceable. Any failure in HSE performance, including any delay in responding to 
changes in HSE regulations, may result in penalties for non-compliance with relevant regulatory require-
ments and litigation proceedings, including significant claims for damages. Monitoring and ensuring HSE 
best practices may become increasingly expensive for TAG in the future if additional HSE requirements 
were to come into effect.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Furthermore, there are legal risks associated with the Group's past activity in the property development 
business. As the case law often does not consider acceptance of buildings carried out years ago by 
purchasers to be effective, claims by purchasers or owners' associations due to any construction defects 
are still possible years later and after the usual warranty periods of five years have expired. A number 
of proceedings are pending before the courts in which the completion of construction work dates back 
more than ten years. 
The materialisation of any of these risks could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
1.2.2 
TAG may not be able to identify or succeed in accessing project development opportu-
nities. 
TAG will only be able to develop new projects and create the envisioned project pipeline if it can identify 
and acquire land plots or properties suitable for redevelopment or conversion that are located in TAG's 
targeted regions, meet its target criteria and can be acquired at a reasonable price. There is, however, 
no guarantee that a sufficient number of suitable development opportunities will be available in the future 
and that TAG will be able to identify them. If municipal authorities or public owners of real estate chose 
to limit their sales of such real estate to private investors (e.g. to increase the number of public housing 
developments), this could significantly decrease the number of available development opportunities. In 
addition, TAG faces strong competition for such opportunities from other project developers, including 
multi-regional developers. Such competition may drive acquisition prices to levels at which identified 
opportunities become unattractive to TAG. 
The vast majority of prospective homeowners, individual investors and institutional investors who pur-
chase TAG's residential real estate units finance their acquisitions through debt funding. Consequently, 
demand for TAG's project developments also depends on the availability of such funding and the appli-
cable interest rates. Negative economic developments, such as increased unemployment rates, could 
adversely affect the demand for TAG's development projects (see also "1.1.1 TAG is dependent on 
general economic and demographic developments in the markets where its properties and projects are 
located." and "1.1.3 High interest rates and renewed inflation could impair the valuation of TAG's prop-
erty portfolio."). 
1.2.3 
TAG is planning considerable investments in modernisation measures in Germany and 
new construction projects in Poland which might not achieve the expected returns. 
In 2024 and the following years, TAG intends to make material investments in its German and Polish 
portfolio. The planned modernisation measures in Germany include improving the energy efficiency of 
buildings, adapting individual apartments to the needs of senior citizens and converting apartments in 
locations where rent mark-ups are expected for extensively renovated apartments and where vacancy 
rates could be reduced. Furthermore, as part of the Group's development business TAG will further 
invest in new construction for rental and sales projects in Poland in significant amounts. In particular, 
TAG's long-term growth target is to build up a portfolio of around 20,000 rental residential units in Poland. 
In the medium term, i.e. by the end of 2028, the target is to grow the Polish rental portfolio to around 
10,000 flats. 
There can, however, be no guarantee that the return achieved on the capital invested for both refurbish-
ment works and new construction projects will be in line with TAG's expectations. Investment costs can 
be considerably higher than originally planned due to unexpected costs and delays. In particular, infla-
tion-related price increases in the main raw materials used in construction, such as steel and cement, 
energy and in general operating costs, as well as personnel shortages, could further increase real estate 
development and maintenance costs, which could affect TAG's margins if such cost increases cannot 
be passed on to customers, or can only be passed on in part. Applications for planning consent may be 
delayed because the planning authorities are understaffed. Removing contamination or pollution from 
investments may be more expensive than originally calculated. Due to high demand and limited supply 
it may be difficult to contract suppliers in the construction, craft and services sector. Further, service 
providers in the construction, craft and planning sectors may be suffering from a shortage of qualified

--- Page 20 ---
20 
personnel. In addition, a high demand for required materials in these sectors may lead to an increase 
of market prices. Furthermore, the Group's future projections, according to which demand for apart-
ments that are adapted to the needs of senior citizens and are energy-efficient will increase, could prove 
to be incorrect or the preferences of customers could change. Moreover, due to the difficulty of managing 
and organizing such large investment programs, TAG may be unable to identify sufficient investment 
opportunities to invest the amount budgeted annually. Management may make investment decisions 
that turn out to be less profitable than expected due to insufficient information or lack of expertise. Ad-
ditionally, TAG is limited by contractual requirements in the selection and scope of modernisation 
measures with regard to some residential real estate units in its portfolio. For example, individual mod-
ernisation projects that go beyond the usual scope and would lead to an increase in rent may be pro-
hibited. Besides, TAG may not be able to pass on the costs of these refurbishments to its customers if 
they cannot afford the higher rents resulting from the refurbishments. Moreover, the Group's ability to 
finance its investment programs through loans or other debt instruments may also be limited due to its 
current and/or future debt level and structure. 
Investment decisions are highly dependent on the current legal and regulatory environment. There is a 
risk when new building standards or restrictions take effect. These changes could have a negative im-
pact on return targets. If construction sites are closed or planning consent is withheld, this may have an 
adverse effect because of unexpected costs and delays. Compliance with new legislation may lead to 
additional expenses. 
The materialisation of one or more of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on 
the Group's business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
1.2.4 
TAG may suffer a loss of in-place rents, higher vacancy rates and may be unable to find 
retain suitable and solvent tenants. Vacancies may also prevent TAG from passing on 
fixed operating costs to tenants. 
TAG's commercial success depends significantly on the Group's ability to maintain and increase its 
rental income. The amount of current gross rental income TAG can generate and the Group's ability to 
increase its in-place rents from existing tenants depend on several factors. These factors include the 
demand for residential and commercial properties, the customary local re-letting rent, the condition and 
location of the property, modernisation measures undertaken, including their scope, as well as tenant 
turnover. In addition, high and rising inflation could impact tenants' ability to afford rents. Moreover, when 
setting the in-place rent levels for its residential properties, TAG is subject to the restrictions of applicable 
landlord-tenant laws. 
Further, in certain cases where an increase of in-place rents from existing tenants would be legally 
possible, TAG may not be able to implement such increases due to its commitment to social responsi-
bility. Therefore, TAG might not be able to maintain or increase in-place rents in a manner or to the 
extent that would be in its economic interest or reflect market prices. Even if increased modernisation 
costs were to merit higher in-place rents from a commercial perspective, the Group may not be able to 
impose such increases in the in-place rents. 
Based on current legislation in Germany, without consideration of the Mietendeckel or rent cap (see also 
"1.5.1 The Group's ability to increase rents is subject to legal restrictions. These restrictions are already 
extensive and could be further tightened in the future."), only up to 8% of the costs incurred for modern-
isation measures (minus the costs that would be necessary for maintenance measures) may be charged 
to the annual rent. Lower demand for housing may lead to higher vacancies and result in lower in-place 
rents. In contrast to Germany, the rental housing market in Poland is much smaller. The ownership rate 
in Poland is significantly higher than in Germany. Against this backdrop, there is a risk for TAG that the 
flats offered for rent in Poland will not meet with sufficient demand in the future, as the ownership rate 
will not decrease, even in the large cities in Poland targeted by TAG, but will actually increase further. 
In combination with higher new construction activity, this could lead to an oversupply. Vacancies result-
ing in reduced in-place rents also occur when apartments must or should be refurbished and thus cannot 
be rented out. Lower demand for housing may also force the Group to lease its apartments on less 
favourable terms or to tenants who pose a greater risk of rent losses due to reduced creditworthiness.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
If tenants fail to meet their rent payment obligations in whole or in part (e.g. due to a deterioration of 
their economic situation because of a job loss), or if larger numbers of tenants terminate their rental 
agreements without the Group being able to re-let the property within a reasonably short period of time 
or only at lower rent levels, the rental income could be significantly lower than originally estimated, while 
TAG's operating costs might remain largely fixed or might even increase. TAG could therefore sustain 
losses in current gross rental income, which may have a material adverse effect on the funds from 
operations. To the extent that TAG is in fact able to re-let an apartment, there is a risk that it might no 
longer be able to do so on the original terms, or might be able to do so only after making an additional 
investment to maintain or re-establish the attractiveness of the property. Failure to find and retain suita-
ble tenants may prevent TAG from maintaining its current vacancy rate or letting vacant space or force 
TAG to reduce the rent it demands from current and future tenants. Also, TAG's profits may be adversely 
affected by its inability to pass on fixed operating costs for vacant space, including local taxes and 
service charges, and TAG would have to bear such costs until the affected rental space is fully rented 
again. The Group may also experience a loss of in-place rents, rent reductions and increased vacancies 
in situations where, for example, the properties are situated in undesirable locations (either as a result 
of social or economic conditions) or where there is only limited demand for housing given the local 
market conditions, resulting in a decline in total current gross rental income. TAG is required to conduct 
its real estate management business in such a manner that the properties are maintained in the condi-
tion as required by the leases and by law. If this is not possible and if the required maintenance 
measures are not performed on time or at all, in-place rents may decline. Additionally, TAG may expe-
rience a shortfall in income through a planned vacancy if it decides to refurbish or sell a property. 
All of these factors, individually or collectively, may have a material adverse effect on revenue and earn-
ings, and thus have a material adverse effect on the net assets, financial condition and results of oper-
ations of TAG. 
1.2.5 
TAG is exposed to risks arising from the structural condition of its properties, their 
maintenance and repair. 
To ensure the safety of residents, sustainable demand for housing and appropriate income in the long 
term, rental properties must satisfy structural requirements and market demand, or be brought into such 
a condition. If a rental property is not maintained in a reasonable condition, this jeopardises the health 
and safety of the tenants. 
TAG's real estate portfolios have been inspected prior to purchase in the course of a due diligence 
investigation with respect to their structural condition and, to the extent necessary, the existence of 
harmful environmental impacts. It is possible, however, that damage or quality defects may remain en-
tirely undiscovered, or that the scope of such problems is not fully apparent in the course of the due 
diligence investigation, and/or that defects become apparent only at a later point in time. 
In general, sellers exclude all liability for concealed defects. If liability for such concealed defects has 
not been fully excluded, it is possible that the representations and warranties made in the purchase 
agreement with respect to the property failed to cover all risks relating to the acquisition. Additionally, 
warranties may be or become unenforceable, for example due to a seller's insolvency. In some cases, 
a seller may make no representation or warranty as to the sufficiency and correctness of the information 
made available in the context of a due diligence investigation, or as to whether such information remains 
correct during the period between the conclusion of the due diligence investigation and the closing of 
the respective acquisition. In addition, TAG has not undertaken a comprehensive investigation or review 
for all properties in the overall portfolio as to the existence of harmful environmental contamination. As 
a result, it is possible that significant environmental contamination, e.g. resulting from the use of con-
struction materials containing asbestos, was inherited and yet not recognised in the property (see also 
"1.2.1 TAG could be exposed to risks resulting from its project development business."). TAG may be 
exposed to financial liability for any required remediation measures. 
As a result of changing legal and regulatory requirements (including with respect to energy efficiency 
and health and safety matters) and an increasing demand for modernised leasing objects, including as 
a result of increasing market competition, TAG may have to increase its expenditures in the future. In

--- Page 22 ---
22 
addition, modernisation and renovation of properties may be necessary to increase their appeal or to 
meet changing legal requirements (such as the intensification of the German Energy Saving Ordinance 
(Energieeinsparverordnung)). Such measures can be large-scale and expensive. In this context, the 
German government has announced the political aim to reach a climate-neutral total building stock in 
Germany by 2050. Furthermore, German Climate Protection Act (Klimaschutzgesetz) was amended in 
2021 with the aim of Germany becoming climate neutral by 2045. These goals will require significant 
investments in building envelopes and facility technology. 
Normally the costs incurred to keep a rental property maintained are borne primarily by the owner of the 
property. If repairs or improvements are needed for any reason, the owner can face significant costs. In 
Germany, these expenses can only be charged to the tenants as part of the rent under certain conditions 
and only in the amount of a certain percentage of the costs incurred. This means that in some cases 
only a small share of these costs is paid by the tenants, while the majority must be paid by the owner of 
the property. It is even possible that in regions with intense competition, TAG is unable to raise rents to 
the extent permitted by law, whether because of prevailing market conditions or because tenants who 
receive social benefits – such tenants account for a considerable share of TAG's tenants – are not 
allowed to pay higher rents or for other reasons. 
Additionally, TAG may be exposed to unexpected problems or unrecognised risks. Natural disasters or 
catastrophes, such as floods, earthquakes, extreme weather events and similar, could have an impact 
on TAG's real estate portfolio in terms of the condition of the properties as well as in terms of valuation 
(see also "1.3.1 Real estate valuation is inherently subjective and subject to uncertainties and is based 
on assumptions which may prove to be inaccurate or affected by factors outside of TAG's control. It is 
therefore possible that the property valuation and the financial information in this Base Prospectus in-
correctly assess the value of TAG's properties."). There may also be delays in the implementation of 
maintenance, refurbishment or modernisation measures in connection with acquired real estate portfo-
lios, against which TAG might be contractually protected. TAG will incur additional and unexpected costs 
if the actual costs arising for the maintenance or improvement of its properties exceed TAG's estimates, 
if TAG is not permitted to increase its rents in conjunction with maintenance work due to legal or con-
tractual restrictions, or if hidden defects are found during maintenance or improvement work. Moreover, 
the actual corresponding work may be delayed, for example, by reason of bad weather, poor perfor-
mance or insolvency of contractors, or the discovery of unforeseen structural defects. There is also a 
risk that in many cases the craftsmen and construction industries currently lack sufficient capacity and 
materials to swiftly fulfil the orders. This may lead to delays in the maintenance and modernisation 
measures planned by TAG, particularly in the area of energy-efficient refurbishment, and, as a result of 
the high demand, to additional unplanned price increases. 
As a result, TAG may be unable to lease a property as planned, effectuate increases in the rent or sell 
residential real estate units. The Group's financial condition may deteriorate, and the value of the ac-
quired assets may decline. If TAG is unable to perform appropriate maintenance or renovations in re-
sponse to the above factors, this could impair the rental income generated by the property in question. 
Tenants would then be entitled to withhold rental payments, to reduce their rent or even to terminate 
their leases. TAG could also be subject to substantial claims for damages if the condition of the proper-
ties poses a threat to the life or health of occupants or other persons. 
The above risks could have a material adverse effect on TAG's business, net assets, financial position, 
cash flow and results of operations. 
1.2.6 
TAG has established a service business in connection with the management of its prop-
erties that accounts for a significant number of employees. This insourcing policy has 
significantly increased and will in the future significantly increase the Group's person-
nel expenses and other fixed costs and continues to pose a management challenge. 
TAG has insourced certain services in connection with the management of its properties, especially in 
Germany. In addition to TAG's core business of the long-term letting of flats, TAG has a services seg-
ment that includes business activities attributable to internal service companies. These services mainly 
relate to the business fields of energy management, multimedia, caretaker and homeowner association

--- Page 23 ---
23 
management (condominium management). Energy management is pooled in a subsidiary and supplies 
commercial heating to its own portfolio with the aim of optimising energy management. In the medium 
term, these services are to be further expanded and supplemented with new services for tenants. 
The insourcing of personnel has placed and may continue to place a strain on the Group's management 
and administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. The Group's ability to manage its operations 
and growth requires the continuous improvement of operational, financial and management controls, 
reporting systems and procedures. Additionally, if, as a result of business or economic conditions, TAG 
was to scale down its business operations, it would be substantially more difficult for the Group to reduce 
its headcount than to reduce the services provided by third-party contractors. Moreover, personnel ex-
penses may rise further in the future, if Group companies that are currently exempt from collective bar-
gaining agreements were to be subject to collective bargaining agreements in the future. Furthermore, 
TAG is currently not contributing to the fund of the construction industry, as the services provided are 
non-commercial and are qualified as exclusively intra-group services. If this qualification were to change, 
TAG could become required to make payments to such social insurance funds, including with retroactive 
effect, as a result of which the relevant personnel expenses would increase significantly. Any of these 
circumstances could result in higher costs than expected. TAG may not be able to compensate for these 
increased costs by generating the targeted savings. 
Despite existing quality control procedures, the quality of services rendered by the Group's own employ-
ees could fall below the level of the services previously performed by third-party contractors and reduce 
the attractiveness of the Group's properties. Moreover, if services rendered by the Group's craftsmen 
organisation are not performed as scheduled or if the quality of work falls below applicable standards, 
TAG may face claims from its tenants or may not be in a position to re-let vacant units that require 
maintenance and modernisation before new tenants can move in. Since these tasks are performed 
within the Group, TAG will not be in a position to claim compensation for damages from third parties 
resulting from non-performance or improper performance by the Group's craftsmen organisation. 
The materialisation of any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the 
Group's business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
1.2.7 
TAG may have to bear significant additional costs if tenants fail to pay for utility and 
incidental costs, specifically as a result of inflation and rising costs of living, rising 
energy prices in particular. 
In many cases, TAG pays upfront for certain utility and incidental costs to be borne by the tenant when 
these costs are incurred. These costs especially include costs for heating and hot water, which are 
heavily dependent on energy prices. TAG regularly settles such costs with its tenants within a period of 
twelve months after the end of each fiscal year. Tenants make monthly advance payments to TAG, 
based on the expected actual costs to be borne by the tenants. However, the development of such utility 
and incidental costs is difficult to predict and regularly cannot be influenced by TAG. Landlords in Ger-
many are only allowed to unilaterally adjust the advance payments on the basis of an actual annual 
account. Accordingly, landlords in Germany are prohibited from demanding higher advance payments 
during the year, despite, for example, an increase in energy prices. 
In the recent past, energy prices have increased extraordinarily, as a result of Russia-Ukraine War and 
related sanctions, in particular. In addition, the economic situation of many households is currently tense, 
especially due to the high inflation rates in the recent past. Although inflation rates in Germany and 
Poland have decreased significantly since the beginning of 2023, there is the continued risk of a re-
newed increase. The advance payments made by the tenants during the year may therefore not be 
sufficient to cover the costs actually incurred by TAG and tenants may fail to pay the shortfall. Further-
more, German law restricts security deposits that landlords may demand for the performance of resi-
dential tenants' duties to the amount of three times the rent for one month, exclusive of the operating 
costs. TAG may have to bear significant additional costs if tenants fail to pay for utility and incidental 
costs exceeding the sum of their advance payments, especially as a result of inflation and rising costs 
of living, rising energy prices in particular. The security deposits to secure TAG's claims could be

--- Page 24 ---
24 
insufficient. This could have materially adverse effect on TAG's financial condition, cash flow and results 
of operations. 
1.2.8 
TAG may not achieve its sustainability goals, particularly those related to climate pro-
tection. 
TAG considers sustainability an integral part of its business model and corporate strategy, and thus 
follows a comprehensive strategy to promote environmental, social and governmental (ESG) concerns. 
Especially, TAG follows a clear decarbonisation strategy that aims to improve energy efficiency and to 
help reducing carbon emissions. This includes maintenance and modernisation measures and an active 
portfolio investment strategy. Furthermore, TAG focuses on a responsible treatment of resource man-
agement, the support for local service and material suppliers, the use of sustainable materials and en-
vironmental compliance for all external contracts. TAG also has established a risk management system 
to detect and control climate risks in its portfolio. Moreover, TAG aims to offer affordable and needs-
orientated housing and focuses on neighbourhood management and customer service quality and is 
committed to offering a fair, supportive, empowering working environment to its employees. 
Such sustainability goals are also reflected in various national and international sustainability ratings 
and benchmarks which TAG participates in and is evaluated on. For instance, in a report published in 
May 2024 by Sustainalytics, TAG was ranked second out of a total of more than 1,000 real estate com-
panies analysed world-wide and 9th place out of more than 16,000 companies analysed worldwide. 
TAG's risk is rated at 4.6 points (negligible risk). Furthermore, in July 2024, MSCI ESG Ratings rated 
TAG "AA" (after "A" in 2023), with a score of 7.0 out of a possible 10 points. Furthermore, in July 2023, 
the agency Moody's Analytics awarded TAG with an ESG overall score of 52 out of 100 points (sector 
average 40 points). 
To accomplish its sustainability goals, TAG will have make significant investments. Due to cost in-
creases, unavailable capacities or limited financing options, it cannot be ruled out that TAG will achieve 
its targets only with, possibly significantly, higher costs or with a delay. The profitability of the planned 
measures may also be lower or even significantly lower than expected due to further regulatory inter-
vention, such as more restrictive rent increase options for modernisations in the future. If any of TAG's 
ESG targets are not met, for example because building modernisation does not lead to sufficient reduc-
tions in energy consumption, because new construction targets are missed, or because the potential 
technical progress for reducing emissions is not exploited, this may be reflected negatively in TAG's 
sustainability reports and could damage the Group's reputation. Furthermore, failure to achieve or com-
ply with one or more of the sustainability goals could result in the Issuer being downgraded in one or 
more sustainability ratings or benchmarks or losing one or more of its ESG ratings, which in turn could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's and the Group's reputation. In turn, and in light of the 
increasing focus of market participants and lenders on sustainability and "green financing", this could 
have a negative impact on the Issuer's refinancing and access to further financing, for example via the 
capital market or by taking out loans, and on financing terms. If the Group fails to meet expectations 
and trends related to sustainability aspects in a timely manner or at all, there could be a decline in 
demand from tenants. 
Failure to achieve the sustainability goals may also have a negative impact on the Group from a regu-
latory perspective. For example, the tightening of regulatory requirements in connection with sustaina-
bility, including disclosure requirements on the sustainability of business activities under the EU Taxon-
omy Regulation (as defined below) and the Directive (EU) 2022/2464 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 December 2022 as regards corporate sustainability reporting (CSRD Directive) 
could directly or indirectly increase the Issuer's costs. 
1.2.9 
TAG may not be granted building and other permits, or may be granted them only sub-
ject to onerous conditions, or additional requirements may be imposed on existing 
building and other permits. 
The construction, alteration and refurbishment or a change of use of buildings in Germany and Poland 
will not be possible until a building permit is granted. It may be uncertain whether the relevant authorities

--- Page 25 ---
25 
will approve a respective construction project and what additional requirements may be imposed in con-
nection with the building permit. In addition, special permissions could be required and must be obtained, 
particularly for measures taking place in urban redevelopment areas (Sanierungsgebiete) or preserva-
tion areas (Erhaltungsgebiete) and for real estate and buildings which are protected historic monuments. 
Obtaining building permits and other permits may be time consuming and is often subject to the discre-
tion of the local authorities and may require significant resources. In addition, TAG may incur significant 
costs in order to obtain a building permit. If TAG is not granted a building permit or another required 
permit at all, or only subject to onerous conditions, the rental income that TAG expects to generate from 
the relevant real estate could be considerably less than originally calculated. If a renovation project 
becomes financially unfeasible because a building permit or another required permit is not granted or is 
granted only subject to onerous conditions, TAG may not be able to or decide to not carry out the project 
and any expenditure already incurred may be lost. Moreover, changes in the requirements for construc-
tion or modernisation of existing real estate could result in unforeseen additional costs. Any increase in 
operating costs resulting from the above-described events would adversely affect TAG's operating profit. 
In addition, TAG's remaining project development activities may be substantially impaired if the granting 
of a building permit is substantially delayed, made subject to additional administrative building con-
straints (baurechtliche Auflagen) or declined altogether. 
1.2.10 
TAG may be unable to identify all risks associated with properties or portfolios it ac-
quires and may overestimate the value of such acquisition opportunities. 
Due to the limited time available to evaluate acquisition opportunities and constraints imposed by the 
sellers, TAG may, in some cases, only be able to conduct a limited due diligence investigation when 
acquiring new properties. Accordingly, TAG may not be able to identify and examine all risks associated 
with acquisitions. For example, TAG may not be able to assess whether the original owners of the 
properties (and potential successors) have obtained, maintained or renewed all required permits, satis-
fied all permit conditions, received all necessary licenses and fire and safety certificates, or satisfied all 
other requirements. In addition, the properties may suffer from hidden defects, damage or environmental 
contamination, or warranties given by sellers might be insufficient or unenforceable (see also "1.2.5 TAG 
is exposed to risks arising from the structural condition of its properties, their maintenance and repair."). 
Moreover, TAG may not be in a position to carry out all follow-up investigations, inspections and ap-
praisals (or to obtain the results of such inquiries). Accordingly, in the course of the acquisition of prop-
erties or portfolios, specific risks may not be, or may not have been, identified, evaluated and addressed 
correctly. Legal, tax or economic liabilities may be, or may have been, overlooked or misjudged. In 
particular, the application of real estate transfer tax in Germany (Grunderwerbsteuer) may inadvertently 
be triggered in the context of such acquisitions of real estate (see also "1.6.3 TAG is exposed to risks in 
connection with real estate transfer taxes (RETT)."). 
Furthermore, TAG may overestimate the earnings potential and potential synergies from acquisitions, 
in particular in the case of acquisitions of portfolios, or underestimate the rental and cost-related risks, 
including expected demand from tenants for the respective property or portfolio and expected capital 
expenditures for repositioning, maintaining or modernizing the property, and consequently pay a pur-
chase price that exceeds the actual value of a property or portfolio. In addition, properties and portfolios 
could be inaccurately appraised, even if they were acquired on the basis of valuation reports by reputa-
ble independent appraisers and due diligence investigations. Therefore, neither a particular cash flow 
from rentals nor a certain retail price can be guaranteed with respect to acquired properties and portfo-
lios.  
Any failure to assess the value and risks associated with properties or portfolios TAG acquires could 
have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
1.2.11 
The benefits that TAG may realise from acquisitions and takeovers could be materially 
different from the Group's expectations and the integration of acquired real estate

--- Page 26 ---
26 
portfolios and companies may neither be successful nor go as planned and may involve 
higher costs than expected or require more resources than initially planned. 
As part of TAG's business strategy, TAG may acquire companies to further expand its portfolio and its 
business activities. TAG evaluates property portfolios, development projects and real estate companies 
in order to identify those that might fit both its existing property portfolio and its current management 
platform. Any direct and indirect investments in property involve considerable risk. Apart from the risks 
associated with the acquired properties or companies themselves, acquisitions occupy management 
resources which cannot be deployed elsewhere within the Group. 
TAG has carried out acquisitions and will do so in the future. In particular, TAG has acquired Vantage 
Development S.A., Wrocław, Poland (Vantage) in January 2020, with the transaction being closed in 
January 2020. In addition, TAG acquired ROBYG in March 2022, with the transaction being closed in 
March 2022.  
Such transactions involve a number of risks, including: 
• 
unexpected loss of key employees; 
• 
extraordinary or unexpected legal, regulatory, contractual or other costs; 
• 
challenges in managing the increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of opera-
tions; 
• 
mitigating contingent and/or assumed liabilities; and 
• 
the possible loss of customers and/or other business partners. 
TAG may not be able to realise the anticipated synergies, cost savings, future earnings, economies of 
scale, transfer of know-how or other benefits that it intends to achieve from such acquisitions or takeo-
vers in whole or in part or such benefits may occur later than planned. This may result in higher admin-
istrative and management costs. TAG cannot guarantee that any acquisition will yield benefits that are 
sufficient to justify the expenses the Group has incurred. 
Newly acquired portfolios in Germany are frequently managed by third parties, at least for a transitional 
period. During this transition period, TAG is exposed to the risk that these external managers may fail 
to fulfil some or all of their duties under the respective service agreement and that TAG may not be able 
to adequately control or influence the management of the units in the new portfolio. 
The integration of acquisitions in the Group may require considerable human and financial resources. 
For a successful integration, it is also important to integrate the portfolios and existing staff of the two 
companies, connect different company cultures, harmonise IT-Systems and put into place common pro-
cesses for the integrated group. It could become necessary to establish new organisational structures, 
governance and compliance systems and procedures, and accounting or internal control systems within 
TAG or the acquired companies, or to modify the existing ones. In that case, it might be necessary to 
hire new personnel and create new personnel management structures, or to integrate existing structures 
into the TAG's internal organisation, in its areas of property management, property development, reno-
vation and modernisation of TAG, so that it can efficiently manage newly acquired real estate portfolios. 
Acquisitions could also alter TAG's geographical footprint, as it has been the case especially with TAG's 
expansion to Poland, so that it could be, inter alia, necessary to create or integrate new regional corpo-
rate structures. TAG's internal organisation must also be adjusted continuously as required by its growth, 
for example in the areas of asset and property management, accounting, personnel and IT. This process 
of growth and integration could prove to be more difficult, or more time-consuming and expensive, than 
TAG had originally expected. The integration may result in negative effects for the contractual or legal 
position of TAG.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Finally, TAG may not be able to access important documents of the potential target prior to the acquisi-
tion and has to rely on publicly available information and its knowledge of the industry. There can there-
fore be no guarantee that all circumstances material to the evaluation of the target, are known to TAG 
prior to an investment decision. Should important, previously unknown, circumstances material for the 
evaluation of the target subsequently become known, this could lead to a deterioration of the economic 
results of the acquisition. 
The materialisation of any of the risks described above, especially in connection with the acquisitions of 
Vantage and ROBYG, could have material adverse effects on the net assets, financial condition and 
results of operations of the Group. 
1.2.12 
Damage to the Group's reputation and inadequate customer satisfaction may result in 
reduced demand for the Group's residential real estate units and may make it more 
difficult for the Group to raise capital on favourable terms or at all. 
If the Group is unable to maintain its reputation and high level of customer service, customer satisfaction 
and demand for its services and properties could suffer. TAG's reputation may be damaged by a number 
of factors and events, some of which are outside the TAG's control. Such factors and events may in-
clude, among others, unethical or illegal practices of employees or business partners, labour conditions, 
incidents at development sites, widespread or significant construction defects and related claims for 
damages, inability to meet purchaser preferences, or actual or threatened litigation. In particular, harm 
to the Group's reputation could make it more difficult for the Group to rent its residential real estate units 
and could lead to delays in rental payments or the termination of tenancy agreements by its tenants. 
Any reputational damage due to the Group's inability to meet customer service expectations could limit 
its ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers. Furthermore, harm to the Group's 
reputation could impair the Group's ability to raise capital on favourable terms or at all. Any of the risks 
described above could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, cash 
flow and results of operations. 
1.2.13 
The IT systems and data processing may malfunction or become impaired. In addition, 
integration measures in the IT systems with respect to newly acquired real estate port-
folios may lead to significant expense and impairment of existing IT systems. 
TAG's information technology system plays an important role in its business strategy. Any interruptions 
in, failures of, or damage to TAG's information technology system may lead to delays or interruptions in 
its business processes, such as the outage of the Group's customer service hotline. Any malfunction or 
impairment of the computer systems may interrupt TAG's operations and lead to increased costs. 
TAG's information technology systems might be subject to cyber attacks. These attacks could result in 
unauthorised use or disclosure of information. They could also lead to blackmailing attempts, forcing 
TAG to pay substantial amounts to release captured data or prevent the unauthorised release of such 
data. Data from databases might fall into the wrong hands and might also be misused to TAG's disad-
vantage. Any leakage of sensitive information could lead to a misuse of data, violate applicable privacy, 
data security and other laws, cause significant legal and financial risks as well as negative publicity, and 
adversely affect TAG's business and reputation. If cyber attacks are not detected in time, this could have 
unforeseeable consequences for their elimination or damage of the systems. 
Data entered in the various IT systems could also be falsified, deleted, or misinterpreted due to applica-
tion errors or non-observance of booking and/or work instructions. As a result, operations could be de-
cisively disrupted or unfortunate conclusions and decisions derived. 
It is possible that future technological developments may adversely affect the functionality of TAG's 
computer systems and require further action, which may require the Group to spend substantial funds 
to prevent or repair malfunctions of its IT systems. The Issuer cannot guarantee that even anticipated 
and/or recognised malfunctions can be avoided in every case by appropriate preventive security 
measures. Furthermore, TAG has outsourced a portion of its computer systems to external service pro-
viders. TAG cannot guarantee that such or additional other risks will not also materialise with such

--- Page 28 ---
28 
service providers. In addition, integration measures in the IT systems with respect to newly acquired 
real estate portfolios may lead to significant expense and impairment of existing IT systems and to 
disruptions of the Group's operations. Overall, this may have a material adverse effect on the net assets, 
financial condition and results of operations of TAG. 
1.2.14 
TAG depends on qualified personnel, including certain key personnel such as TAG's 
senior management, and may not be able to retain or replace such personnel. 
TAG's success and future growth depend significantly on the performance of a limited number of em-
ployees in central functions responsible for managing the Group's business. These include members of 
the Issuer's management board (Management Board), who have many years of experience and ex-
tensive contacts in the German real estate market, and other qualified personnel in key positions in 
Germany and Poland, particularly those with sector experience, including in the areas of new construc-
tions, acquisition, real estate management, technology, planning and sales, who are responsible for the 
management of the Group's portfolio and corporate functions. In the event of the departure of one or 
more of these key and qualified personnel, TAG may not be able to replace them quickly, which could 
affect TAG's operational performance. More generally, TAG may need to increase the number of quali-
fied personnel in order to achieve its aims and TAG may be unable to recruit new personnel whose skills 
and sector experience are equivalent to those of the Group's key personnel, or could fail to attract and 
retain experienced personnel in the future. Due to the intense competition for qualified personnel in the 
real estate sector, there is no guarantee that TAG will be able to hire sufficiently qualified key employees 
on acceptable terms in the future. 
The loss of members the Management Board or any other key employees, or a failure to attract new 
qualified employees, could hinder TAG's growth and make it difficult to maintain its business activities 
at the current level, and could therefore have a material adverse effect on the Group's business. 
1.2.15 
TAG could incur substantial losses from damage not covered by, or exceeding the cov-
erage limits of existing insurance policies. 
As of 30 June 2024, all of TAG's properties are insured against losses due to fire, natural hazards and 
specified other risks that in amounts that TAG believes to generally be in line with market practice. 
However, the Group's insurance policies are subject to exclusions and limitations of liability, including 
with respect to losses resulting from damages from mining, nuclear power or war. TAG may, therefore, 
have no coverage for losses that are excluded and limited coverage for losses that exceed the respec-
tive coverage limitations. In addition, TAG's insurance providers could become insolvent. Should an 
uninsured loss or a loss in excess of TAG's insurance limitations occur, TAG could lose capital invested 
in the affected property as well as anticipated income and capital appreciation from that property. More-
over, TAG may incur further costs to repair damage caused by uninsured risks. TAG could also be held 
liable for any debt or other financial obligation related to such a property and thus may experience 
material losses in excess of insurance proceeds. 
1.3 
Risks related to the Valuation of TAG's Properties 
1.3.1 
Real estate valuation is inherently subjective and subject to uncertainties and is based 
on assumptions which may prove to be inaccurate or affected by factors outside of 
TAG's control. It is therefore possible that the property valuation and the financial in-
formation in this Base Prospectus incorrectly assess the value of TAG's properties. 
The valuation of TAG's properties is a part of the preparation of the Group's annual financial statements. 
However, property assets are inherently difficult to value due to their lack of homogeneity and liquidity. 
The valuation of property and property-related assets is also inherently subjective, in part because all 
property valuations are made on the basis of information and assumptions which may not prove to be 
accurate, and in part because of the individual nature of each property.  
For the valuation of the fair values reported in the consolidated financial statements and the properties 
reported under current assets, external valuations are generally used. These valuations are currently

--- Page 29 ---
29 
carried out twice a year by independent, qualified external valuers (as defined by the Royal Institution 
of Chartered Surveyors' (RICS) Valuation – Global Standards). The fair values depend on various fac-
tors, some of which are objective – such as macroeconomic conditions or prevailing interest rates (see 
also "1.1.3 High interest rates and renewed inflation could impair the valuation of TAG's property port-
folio.") – as well as other exogenous factors such as rental levels and vacancies. In addition, liabilities 
in respect of issues with the buildings and technical installations, such as lead pipes, can influence the 
valuations. The valuer also takes into account qualitative factors, such as the location and quality of the 
property, as well as the anticipated future achievable rental income and market yields. Natural disasters 
or catastrophes, such as floods, earthquakes, extreme weather events and similar, could have an impact 
on the valuation TAG's real estate portfolio. In valuing properties, the valuers are required to make 
certain key assumptions in respect of matters including, but not limited to, the existence of willing buyers, 
title to the property, condition of structure and services, deleterious materials, environmental matters, 
legal matters, statutory and regulatory requirements and planning, estimated market rental values, mar-
ket-based yields, expected future rental revenues from the property and other factors. In respect of 
properties which may require development, redevelopment or refurbishment, the development consid-
ered achievable, assumed timescale, the assumed future development cost and an appropriate finance 
rate and profit rate and/or discount rate are also used to determine the property value together with 
market evidence and recent comparable properties where appropriate. 
The assumptions used in valuing the properties are made by the independent external valuers based 
on their professional experience and are subject to uncertainty. The adoption of different assumptions 
would be likely to produce different valuation results. As a result, impairments may be recognised in the 
balance sheet and there is a high degree of volatility in the consolidated result. The assumptions made 
may prove to be inaccurate or not borne out by future events and could negatively affect the valuation 
of TAG's properties. 
Property valuations are complex, involve the use of data which is not publicly available and involve a 
degree of subjective professional judgement by the valuer. 
Furthermore, there is the possibility that valuation methods that are currently generally accepted and 
that were applied in the preparation of the valuation are later found to be unsuitable. Even the assump-
tions that earlier or future valuations are based on can later be found to be erroneous. In Poland, the 
risks of an incorrect market assessment of the still relatively young and small market for residential 
lettings and changes in demand for corresponding properties could also lead to valuation risks. In addi-
tion, due to the comparatively recent history of this market, it may only be possible to estimate compar-
ative parameters for the valuation within wider ranges. 
As a result, the valuation reports present the external valuers' best estimate of the value of TAG's prop-
erties. However, the values that are attributed to the properties valued in existing annual and interim 
financial statements or those published in the future could exceed the proceeds that TAG can generate 
from the sale of properties, even where any such transactions occur shortly after the relevant valuation 
date, and particularly if, due to unforeseen circumstances, TAG were forced to sell properties under 
unfavourable conditions. Likewise, there can be no assurance that the estimated yields and estimated 
rental values will prove to be achievable. The valuation of properties is therefore not necessarily indica-
tive of the future or currently possible selling price of TAG's properties or its property portfolio. 
To the extent that valuations of the TAG's properties do not fully reflect the value of the underlying 
properties, whether due to the above factors or otherwise, this could have a material adverse effect on 
the business, net assets, financial position, cash flow and income of TAG. 
1.3.2 
TAG could be exposed to risks from residual pollution including wartime ordnance, soil 
conditions and contaminants in building materials, as well as possible building regula-
tion violations. 
Properties owned or acquired by TAG may contain soil contamination, hazardous materials, other re-
sidual pollution or wartime ordnance (possibly even unexploded ordnance). Specifically, certain proper-
ties are known to have contaminated soils (Altlasten) and others are registered as potential

--- Page 30 ---
30 
contaminated sites (Altlastenverdachtsflächen). Existing and potential soil and groundwater contamina-
tion may trigger an obligation of TAG to investigate and/or remediate any such contamination, regard-
less of whether TAG has caused such contaminations. These measures can be costly and a competent 
authority may impose such measures by order at TAG's expense.  
The Group has made provisions for the future costs of such remediation measures, but the provisions 
may prove to be insufficient. The discovery of further residual pollution or risks associated with old war-
time ordnance, particularly in connection with the lease or sale of properties, can also trigger claims for 
rent or purchase price reductions, damages and other breach of warranty claims or lease terminations 
(see also "1.2.5 TAG is exposed to risks arising from the structural condition of its properties, their 
maintenance and repair."). 
The Group's business is also exposed to risks associated with noncompliance with building codes, en-
vironmental regulations or industrial safety rules. These regulations are often implemented retroactively, 
affecting previously acquired properties. In such cases, TAG may be required to modernise existing 
buildings so that they comply with these stricter standards. Even though the Group conducts inspections 
in connection with the acquisition of individual properties, there is a risk that building codes or environ-
mental regulations were not complied with. Furthermore, in Germany, the regulations governing the 
handling and identification of toxic materials are to be tightened up through a specific amendment to the 
German Hazardous Substances Ordinance (Gefahrstoffverordnung). Any amendment could have an 
impact on all of TAG's technical processes (including small-scale repairs, vacant apartment refurbish-
ment, major maintenance measures and modernisation) and result in additional costs. 
The materialisation of any of these risks could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
1.4 
Financial Risks 
1.4.1 
If the Issuer or other Group companies breach financial covenants or other provisions 
in connection with any existing or future bonds, notes or other financial instruments or 
under any existing or future loan agreements, TAG may be required to pay higher inter-
est or fully repay the relevant bonds, notes or loans before they become due, and se-
curity trustees or creditors could seize or realise significant collateral furnished by the 
Group. 
The existing or future holders of bonds and notes issued by the Group and the Group's lenders are 
entitled to terminate their financing agreements and bonds or notes, as applicable, if Group companies 
breach material contractual terms and are not in a position to cure such breaches. The terms of the 
existing loan agreements and of financial instruments require, in particular, that TAG complies with cer-
tain financial covenants. A failure to comply with such financial covenants or other material terms of the 
financing agreements and the bonds and notes could have severe consequences, including that: 
• 
the lenders, bondholders or holders of other financial instruments, as applicable, and their 
respective representatives may have the right to terminate the relevant loan agreement or the 
bonds or notes, and the outstanding amounts could become immediately due and payable; 
• 
other lenders, bondholders or holders of other financial instruments, as applicable, could be 
entitled to terminate their financing agreements or bonds or notes with the Group as a result 
of cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions; 
• 
the lenders may be entitled to extraordinary (partial) prepayments or higher interest rates and 
the bondholders or noteholders could be entitled to require the Group to redeem, in whole or 
in part, the bonds and notes, as applicable, at their principal amount including accrued interest; 
in addition, TAG may be liable for damages, prepayment penalties or other fines; or 
• 
the right of the Issuer or its subsidiaries to distribute profits and income from the properties 
which serve as security for the respective loans (or future secured bonds or notes) may be

--- Page 31 ---
31 
restricted and may therefore limit the Group's ability to service its other obligations or distribute 
profits to its shareholders. 
As of 30 June 2024, the Group had loan agreements totalling EUR 2,179 million (31 December 2023: 
EUR 2,197 million), for which the banks have imposed covenants, including financial covenants with 
regard to debt service coverage ratios and equity or debt ratios. A breach of these covenants could 
result in an early repayment obligation if the curing options are not utilised. Similarly, credit terms have 
been agreed for most of the corporate and convertible bonds and promissory note loans issued, non-
compliance with which can lead to a liquidity risk. As of 30 June 2024, the Issuer had credit lines with 
banks totalling EUR 78.6 million (31 December 2023: EUR 70.3 million), which require the bank's ap-
proval for a change in the group of shareholders or could result in the loans falling due in the event of a 
change of control at the level of the Issuer. In addition, numerous provisions on a change of control are 
also contained in loan agreements and credit lines of the Issuer's subsidiaries in Germany and Poland 
and in their general terms and conditions, which primarily only cover the level of the subsidiaries and 
their change of shareholders. However, it cannot be ruled out that lenders could also assert rights arising 
from a change of control in the event of a change of indirect shareholder. As of 30 June 2024, the 
outstanding corporate bond totalling EUR 125.0 million (31 December 2023: EUR 125.0 million), the 
promissory note loans issued totalling EUR 204.5 million (31 December 2023: EUR 263.5 million) and 
the new bond issued in Poland totalling EUR 24.0 million (31 December 2023: EUR 24.0 million) provide 
for special change of control provisions; according to these, the Issuer is obliged to repurchase the 
bonds or promissory note loans in accordance with the details specified in the terms and conditions. 
With regard to the convertible bond 2020/2026 issued for EUR 470.0 million, there are special conver-
sion options or adjustments to the conversion price for the holders of the convertible bond in the event 
of a change of control. If the bonds, notes, other debt instruments or one or more of the Group's other 
loans should become due as a result of an early termination or cross-default, TAG might be unable to 
refinance its liabilities as they become due or might be able to do so only on less favourable terms. 
To secure its financial liabilities, TAG, under certain financing agreements, has provided land charges 
and mortgages on properties owned by Group companies and has assigned, as security, claims under 
tenancy and leasing agreements, potential insurance claims and potential claims under real estate sales 
programmes. The Issuer has also issued letters of comfort (Patronatserklärungen) and guarantees 
(Bürgschaften) to secure bank loans of its German and Polish subsidiaries. If TAG is unable to perform 
the obligations under its financing agreements, TAG's lenders could seize and realise collateral, includ-
ing real estate, pledged shares and bank accounts, without further negotiations. This could cause TAG 
to lose parts of its real estate portfolio in a forced sale on economically unfavourable terms. Contractual 
restrictions limit the right to voluntarily sell properties ahead of a forced sale, which could have an am-
plified negative effect of such forced sale. 
The materialisation of any of the aforementioned risks could have material adverse effects on the 
Group's business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
1.4.2 
TAG is dependent on its investment grade rating to pursue its financing strategy. 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH (Moody's) has assigned a long-term issuer rating of "Baa3" (investment 
grade) with a stable outlook and a Prime-3 (P-3) short-term issuer rating to the Issuer. The Issuer also 
received a long-term investment grade rating of "BBB-" with a stable outlook and a short-term rating of 
A-3 from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P). Both Moody's and S&P have their registered seats 
in the European Union and have been declared to be registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on rating agencies by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA). 
If TAG were to lose its investment grade rating, which cannot be ruled out, this, would significantly 
restrict refinancing options on the capital market and significantly increase refinancing costs. In particu-
lar, future issuances of unsecured bonds and notes may become significantly more expensive or may 
not be possible in the targeted amounts. Rating agencies could downgrade the Group if for example the 
value of the Group's assets or the Group's debt-service or interest coverage ratio were to fall below 
certain values, if the Group's debt-to-capital ratio were to exceed certain values, if the Group were

--- Page 32 ---
32 
unable to keep or render sufficient values of its assets unencumbered or if the residential real estate 
market in Germany or Poland deteriorates in general. 
If any of the risks described above were to materialise, it would be more difficult for the Group to pursue 
its current financing strategy, which could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, finan-
cial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
1.4.3 
The Group has a substantial level of debt and TAG's ability to repay existing debt with 
loans and other debt instruments could be limited. It may be difficult or expensive to 
obtain new sources of financing. 
TAG has a substantial level of debt. As of 30 June 2024, the book value of TAG's outstanding financial 
indebtedness was approximately EUR 3.2 billion (31 December 2023: approximately EUR 3.3 billion) 
and consisted of bank loans in the amount of EUR 2.4 billion (31 December 2023: EUR 2.3 billion), 
corporate bonds, promissory notes and commercial papers in the amount of EUR 0.4 billion (31 Decem-
ber 2023: EUR 0.5 billion) and convertible bonds accounting for EUR 0.5 billion (31 December 2023: 
EUR 0.5 billion). Hence, TAG is dependent on refinancing significant amounts that will become due over 
the next few years. In 2025 and 2026 alone, debt in the total amount of EUR 1.3 billion is due for repay-
ment. In addition, TAG is dependent on securing external capital at reasonable terms to fund its ongoing 
business and acquisitions. 
TAG's ability to repay existing financial obligations by raising new debt capital (or by extending the 
maturity of existing debt) could be limited, for example, as a result of market conditions, its business 
condition or the level of debt of the Issuer or of other Group companies. TAG is dependent on the 
performance of the capital markets and general financing conditions (see also "1.1.3 High interest rates 
and renewed inflation could impair the valuation of TAG's property portfolio." and "1.1.4 Further in-
creases in interest rates could adversely affect the ability of TAG to finance real estate portfolio acqui-
sitions or scheduled investments or refinance its debt."). A further crisis on the financial markets could 
make TAG's debt financing considerably more difficult and lead to liquidity problems. Should this result 
in problems servicing current loans, lenders could, as a last resort, arrange for the forced realisation of 
real estate collateral. Such distress sales would lead to considerable financial disadvantages for TAG. 
Any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
1.4.4 
Changes in foreign exchange rates could have material adverse effects on the Group's 
results. 
The Group operates in Germany and Poland and is therefore exposed to financial risks that arise from 
changes in exchange rates with respect to Euro and Polish złoty. Exchange rate fluctuations could cause 
losses if assets denominated in currencies with a falling exchange rate lose value, while at the same 
time liabilities denominated in currencies with a rising exchange rate appreciate in value. 
The Group's reporting currency is the Euro. However, the Group also conducts its business in Poland. 
All of the Group's revenues (sales and rents) in Poland are currently and will continue to be generated 
in Polish złoty, whose exchange rate is subject to fluctuations in relation to the euro. Future financing of 
the business in Poland via TAG in euros is likewise subject to an exchange rate risk. Even if the business 
model in Poland is geared towards the long term, significant exchange rate losses may occur if assets 
have to be realised or financial liabilities repaid in the short term. As of 30 June 2024, the difference 
from currency translation recognised in equity amounted to EUR 63.6 million (31 December 2023: 
EUR 57.8 million). 
Any change in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the Euro affects the Group's reported 
results of operations and assets and liabilities when the results are converted into Euro for reporting 
purposes. Unfavourable fluctuations in the values of the currencies in which financial statements of 
subsidiaries of the Issuer are prepared against the Euro could have a material negative impact on the 
Group's future consolidated financial statements.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
The exposure to exchange rate volatility could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
1.4.5 
TAG's activities are subject to financing risks arising from changes in interest rates 
The Group's activities are exposed to financial risks from changes in interest rates. For the most part, 
bank loans are only concluded with a fixed interest rate, either through a directly agreed fixed interest 
rate or through a variable interest rate, which is then converted into a fixed interest rate using a derivative 
financial instrument (usually interest rate swaps). As of 30 June 2024, fixed interest rates accounted for 
95% of the Group's total financial liabilities (31 December 2023: 95%). 
Against this backdrop, there is an interest rate risk primarily with regard to future refinancing of expiring 
loans and in relation to new loans. Rising financing cost rates, particularly in the long-term segment 
relevant to TAG, would have a negative impact on the profitability of investments and TAG's future 
earnings and cash flows.  
With respect to the follow-up financing, there are interest rate risks and financing cost risks in addition 
to the risks of refinancing. In light of changing market interest rates, TAG could achieve poorer borrowing 
conditions compared with the current average interest rate on financial liabilities if it takes up debt capital 
in refinancing it. Rising financing costs, particularly in the field of long-term financing that is relevant to 
TAG, would negatively impact the profitability of acquisitions, and TAG's future results and cash flows. 
1.5 
Regulatory and Legal Risks 
1.5.1 
The Group's ability to increase rents is subject to legal restrictions. These restrictions 
are already extensive and could be further tightened in the future. 
A significant part of TAG's operations consists of owning and managing residential property in Germany 
and Poland. A negative trend in rental regulations in one or both countries or in regions where the Group 
operates may lead to lower rental revenues, or rents that do not increase to expected levels. 
Under German law, landlords have limited options for raising rents on ongoing leases. If the parties to 
a lease have not agreed on staggered rent (Staffelmiete, only permissible within certain limits) or a rent 
index (Indexmiete, only permissible subject to certain requirements) and the tenant rejects a change in 
the rent, a unilateral rent increase is only possible within narrow legal limits. 
Generally, rents can only be increased by 20% over three years and for ongoing leases only up to the 
local comparative rent (ortsübliche Vergleichsmiete). The local comparative rents are generally set forth 
in rent indexes (Mietspiegel), which are regularly published, usually by the respective municipalities. 
Additionally, in municipalities in which a tight housing market has been determined, rent increases are 
limited to a maximum of 15% over three years. Municipalities with more than 50,000 residents are re-
quired to prepare a rent index. In the case of qualified rent indices (qualifizierte Mietspiegel), which may 
become more widespread in the future, the legal presumption applies that the rent ranges stated therein 
reflect the customary local comparative rent. TAG as landlord cannot generate rent exceeding the local 
comparative rent and must adjust rent claims in line with the rent indices. 
Moreover, subject to the legal or contractual requirements, in the event of certain qualified modernisation 
works, the landlord can pass on the costs incurred due to the modernisation measures to the tenants 
by increasing the annual rent by currently up to 8% of the costs incurred (less the costs that would have 
been incurred for maintenance work (Erhaltungsmaßnahmen) anyway). This does not apply if the tenant 
can prove that the rent increase would mean unreasonable hardship to his detriment. If landlords install 
a new heating system that complies with the new regulations of the Building Energy Act (Gebäudeen-
ergiegesetz), they have the option of passing on up to 10% of the modernisation costs to tenants but 
must deduct any state subsidies received from this sum. The rent – over a period of six years – may 
only increase by a maximum of EUR 0.50 per sqm per month after the heating system has been re-
placed.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Additionally, in municipalities in which the supply of affordable housing is determined to be threatened, 
the rental price for new or re-rentals is limited to a maximum of 10% above the higher of the locally 
prevailing comparative rent level or the previous tenant's rent by 2025 (Mietpreisbremse). Landlords 
can even be forced to pay back overpaid rent. Where the rent last owed by the previous lessee (rent 
paid previously) is higher than the rent permissible pursuant to the Mietpreisbremse, a rent may be 
agreed in an amount up to the amount of the rent paid previously. Further the Mietpreisbremse does not 
apply to apartments that are being used and let on a lease for the first time at a point in time after 
1 October 2014 or to the first-time lease of an apartment during a period of three years after compre-
hensive modernisation of the apartment.  
Furthermore, in 2021, the German Telecommunications Modernisation Act (Telekommu-
nikationsmodernisierungsgesetz) came into effect, replacing the German Telecommunications Act (Tel-
ekommunikationsgesetz) and abolishing the possibility of landlords to pass on the costs for providing 
cable television as part of ancillary costs billing (Nebenkostenprivileg). As of July 2024, this also applies 
to existing cable television installations which were provided prior to 1 December 2021. This could have 
a negative impact on TAG, resulting in higher operational costs. 
In contrast to Germany, Poland has no independent tenancy law. Tenancy agreements are only subject 
to the provisions of general civil law, meaning that there is largely freedom of contract between owners 
and tenants. Even if regulation of the rental housing market is not currently being discussed, it cannot 
be ruled out that regulatory initiatives will also be launched in Poland in later years if the trend of rising 
rents observed in recent years continues. In this case, it cannot be ruled out that such regulatory initia-
tives could have a negative impact on individual earnings components of letting, such as apportionable 
operating costs or permissible (net) rents. 
Additional or tighter lease regulations could lead to lower lease revenues and/or decrease the valuation 
of TAG's properties, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on TAG's net assets, financial 
position and results of operations. 
1.5.2 
TAG may be adversely affected by taxes on carbon dioxide emissions. 
As part of its Climate Action Programme 2030, the German Federal Government has introduced a set 
price applicable to carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions in the transport and real estate sectors from January 
2021. The price, initially set at EUR 30 per metric ton of carbon dioxide emitted during the combustion 
of heating or fuel, will gradually increase up to a maximum of EUR 45 per metric ton in 2024 and up to 
a maximum of EUR 65 per metric ton in 2026. In addition, the energy price brake expired, which is why 
VAT on gas returned to the original percentage rate of 19% from 1 January 2024. 
Previously the tax on CO2 could be apportioned entirely to the tenant. On 1 January 2023, the Carbon 
Dioxide Cost Allocation Act (Kohlendioxidkostenaufteilungsgesetz) came into force that regulates the 
sharing of the costs of the CO2 levy between landlords and tenants according to a graduated model: the 
higher the CO2 emissions of a building, the larger the portion which the landlord has to pay; the better 
the energy efficiency, the larger the portion the tenant has to pay. Depending on the CO2 emissions per 
square meter, the share of the landlord may vary between 0 to 95% of the cost. The energy efficiency 
of an apartment is determined, among other things, on the basis of the heating cost statement. This 
could mean an increased workload for landlords, as they would have to provide additional information 
on the energy balance and CO2 emissions, for example, since every building's energy efficiency will 
have to be determined. This could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, financial 
position, cash flow and income of TAG. 
1.5.3 
In Germany, tenants enjoy considerable protection against termination and eviction. In 
addition, TAG uses standardised documents and general terms and conditions that are 
very strictly scrutinised by the courts. 
German law and German courts provide tenants with substantial protection against termination of the 
lease and tenant eviction. Extended leases or delayed evictions resulting from these protections can 
lead to substantial losses until a leased premise is actually vacated.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
In addition, as part of its daily business TAG uses standardised documents and contracts and general 
terms and conditions (Allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen). Under German law, standardised contract 
terms must comply with the statutory law on general terms and conditions, which means that they are 
subject to rigid fairness control by the courts regarding their content and the way they are presented to 
the other contractual party and introduced into the contract by the person using them. A great variety of 
contractual clauses that can be validly agreed upon if negotiated individually (individualvertraglich ver-
einbart), may not be stipulated by way of general terms and conditions. This effects several provisions 
usually included in lease agreements and over the years a wide variety of case law regarding the word-
ing of certain clauses in lease agreements has emerged. 
If it were to be found that the Group's standardised documents and/or contracts contain terms disad-
vantageous to tenants, or if the clauses contained in such documents and/or contracts were found to be 
invalid and therefore replaced with terms less favourable for TAG, it would affect a large number of 
standard conditions or contracts. 
The above-mentioned legal risks could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, 
financial position, cash flow and income of TAG. 
1.5.4 
The business activities of the Group are dependent on the general legal frameworks in 
Germany and Poland. Any adverse change in the legal frameworks, such as binding 
regulations on environmental modernisation measures or restrictions on modernisa-
tion possibilities, could have an adverse effect on the Group. 
The Group's business is dependent on the general legal framework applicable to residential real estate, 
such as tenancy laws, as well as on special provisions of other laws, such as social law, construction 
law, labour law and environmental law as well as monument protection law. 
Stricter environmental legislation could also lead to additional costs for TAG. The same would be the 
case if the legal requirements regarding existing and approved properties and their use were tightened. 
Regulatory pressure on owners of unrefurbished existing buildings to meet climate targets could in-
crease in the future. The investments required for the energetic refurbishment of the portfolio are gen-
erally subject to the risk of a shortage of personnel and raw materials for carrying out the refurbishment 
projects, which could make the refurbishment more expensive or delay it. 
In the case of maintenance or refurbishment of heritage listed buildings (Gebäude unter 
Denkmalschutz), the need to comply with these provisions could lead to significant delays in the mainte-
nance or refurbishment process due to conflicts of interest with heritage conservation, or to TAG being 
unable to carry out certain refurbishment and maintenance measures. In addition, the costs for the spe-
cific projects could increase significantly. These factors could also have a negative impact on the 
Group's ability to sell or rent the properties in question or to use them as collateral for financing. 
In September 2023, the German legislator amended the Building Energy Act (Gebäudeenergiegesetz) 
to initiate the change to climate-friendly heating systems and thus reduce dependence on fossil fuels. 
The aim of the Building Energy Act is to ensure that in future new heating systems will only be installed 
if they generate at least 65% of the heat provided using renewable energies. The requirements under 
the Building Energy Act for renewable heating are in force since 1 January 2024, the use of fossil fuels 
for heating in buildings is supposed to be phased out by 2045. From this date at the latest, all heating 
systems must be powered entirely by renewable energies. As a result, TAG may be faced with higher 
modernisation costs due to the need to replace heating systems in its existing properties. 
Any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
1.5.5 
TAG is and may become subject to risks from liability claims, and other litigation and 
arbitration proceedings. 
TAG could be subject to a variety of claims arising in the ordinary course of its business, including 
contractual claims and claims alleging violations of applicable laws regarding workplace and employ-
ment matters. TAG could become subject to other lawsuits related to these or different matters in the 
future. In Germany, TAG is party to various legal proceedings whose outcome is uncertain as of the 
date of the Base Prospectus. They include civil and administrative proceedings, especially disputes with 
joint owners about construction defects and disputes with tenants. With respect to legal risks, provisions 
of EUR 3.7 million were formed as of 30 June 2024 (31 December 2023: EUR 2.9 million). Provisions 
of EUR 0.3 million were recognised in the separate financial statements of the Issuer as of 31 December 
2023. 
In connection with property sales, TAG usually makes representations, warranties and negative decla-
rations of knowledge to the purchasers with respect to certain characteristics of the relevant properties. 
The resulting obligations usually continue to exist after the sale for a period of several years. In particu-
lar, TAG could be subject to claims for damages from purchasers, who could assert that TAG failed to 
meet its obligations, or that its representations were untrue. TAG could be required to make payments 
to the purchasers following legal disputes or litigation. If TAG has provided warranties to third parties in 
connection with modernisation and maintenance measures and claims are asserted against TAG be-
cause of defects, it is not always certain that TAG will have recourse against the companies that per-
formed the work. As the case law often does not consider acceptance of buildings carried out years ago 
by purchasers to be effective, claims by purchasers or owners' associations due to any construction 
defects are still possible years later and after the usual warranty periods of five years have expired. A 
number of proceedings are pending before the courts in which the completion of construction work dates 
back more than ten years. 
Regardless of whether any claims against TAG are valid, or whether TAG is ultimately held liable, claims 
may be expensive to defend and may divert time and money away from its operations and hurt its 
performance. A judgment in excess of TAG's insurance coverage for any claims could materially and 
adversely affect TAG's financial condition and results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting from 
these allegations may also materially and adversely affect TAG's reputation or prospects, which in turn 
could have a material adverse effect on TAG's financial condition. Legal or settlement costs, including 
the costs of defending lawsuits, whether justified or not, as well as potential damages associated with 
liability for properties that TAG has sold, could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
1.5.6 
TAG is exposed to risks from possible violations of data protection regulations. 
On 25 May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (DSGVO) entered into force in all European 
member states, providing for substantial changes in the regulatory landscape of data protection. The 
DSGVO applies to all companies that process personal data of data subjects resident in the European 
Union, regardless of their location. The regulation of the DSGVO is complex and the volume of data 
processed by TAG is considerable. It cannot be guaranteed that TAG's compliance systems are actually 
sufficient to control the risks associated with the DSGVO. The risk relates both to confidentiality internally 
and to access protection against external third parties. Should TAG violate essential provisions of the 
DSGVO, substantial fines of up to 4% of the Group revenue or EUR 20 million (whichever is higher) 
may be imposed. In addition to the financial damage that TAG may suffer, violations of the DSGVO may 
also cause considerable damage to its reputation, which may lead to a loss of confidence of existing or 
future tenants, which may have a negative impact on future rental income. 
Any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
1.5.7 
TAG's risk management and internal controls may not be sufficient to prevent or dis-
cover violations of law or inappropriate conduct. 
TAG's existing risk management and internal compliance procedures and controls may not be sufficient 
to prevent or detect inadequate practices, fraud and violations of law by the Issuer, its group companies, 
its employees or third parties acting on its behalf. TAG seeks to ensure compliance with applicable laws 
and regulations in order to protect the Group against legal risks that may lead to legal proceedings, 
penalties, unfavourable media reporting or other detrimental consequences. However, there can be no 
assurance that implemented risk management and internal compliance procedures and policies are 
sufficient to prevent corruption, unlawful usage of insider information, conflicts of interest and/or the 
unlawful use of other information and data. In case of a breach of law or other unethical practices, TAG's 
reputation may deteriorate. In addition, any failure to discover and remedy a breach of law or unethical 
practice may result in legal proceedings, penalties, unfavourable media reporting or other detrimental 
consequences. Any of the risks related to TAG's risk management and internal controls could have 
adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
1.6 
Tax Risks 
1.6.1 
TAG is subject to the general tax environment in Germany and Poland. The Group's tax 
burden could increase, for example as a result of current or future tax assessments, tax 
audits or litigation or as a result of changes in tax laws or changes to their application 
or interpretation. 
TAG's business is subject to the general tax environment in Germany and Poland. The Group's tax 
burden depends on various aspects of tax laws, as well as their application and interpretation. Tax laws 
can be changed, even retroactively, and their application/interpretation can be amended by the tax au-
thorities and courts. 
TAG has not received tax assessments for all of the Group's companies in recent years. The unavaila-
bility of more recent tax assessments increases the uncertainty regarding the tax authorities' interpreta-
tions of applicable tax laws for these periods and increases the uncertainty that these interpretations 
may differ from the Group's interpretations. Any tax assessments that deviate from the Group's expec-
tations could lead to an increase in the Group's tax burden and, additionally, could give rise to interest 
payable on the additional amount of taxes. TAG has received binding advanced tax rulings (verbindliche 
Auskünfte) from the tax authorities on various matters. In principle, such binding advanced tax rulings 
are only binding if the facts subsequently realised do not deviate or deviate only insignificantly from the 
facts on which the binding advanced tax rulings request was based. If this is not the case, this could 
lead to an increase in the Group's tax burden and, additionally, could give rise to interest payable on the 
additional amount of taxes. 
In addition, the Group entities are regularly subject to tax audits. These tax audits and other investiga-
tions conducted by the competent tax authorities could result in the assessment of additional taxes. This 
may be the case, in particular, with respect to changes in the Group's shareholding structure, other 
reorganisation measures or impairment on properties with regard to which tax authorities could take the 
view that they ought to be disregarded for tax purposes or otherwise lead to a tax liability. Further, 
expenses, particularly interest expenses, could be treated as non-deductible, and (German) real estate 
transfer taxes (RETT) or German trade tax (Gewerbesteuer) on real estate income could be assessed. 
In addition, income tax groups (steuerliche Organschaften) or VAT groups (umsatzsteuerliche Organ-
schaften) could be deemed invalid, for instance if one or more profit and loss pooling agreements are 
considered void, as not having been properly executed or if other requirements for tax-consolidated 
groups or VAT consolidated tax groups are not recognised. Moreover, hidden profit distributions (ver-
deckte Gewinnausschüttungen) and other (intra-group) transactions not at arm's length can also lead to 
tax adjustments, which has already been the case in the past. All these circumstances could lead to an 
increase in the Group's tax obligations and could result in interest on back tax payments (Steuernach-
zahlungen).

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Through its business in Poland, TAG is also exposed to tax law in Poland which is characterised by 
changes in the recent past. There are legal uncertainties regarding many statutes, which result from 
unclear wording and a lack of pronouncements by the tax authorities regarding their application. Spe-
cifically, risks could arise from the determination of appropriate transfer prices, the determination of the 
amount of deductible input tax and in connection with wage tax. Binding advanced tax rulings have also 
been issued for Poland, the binding effect of which may not exist or may expire, resulting in an increase 
in the tax burden and, additionally, in interests thereon. 
The materialisation of any of the aforementioned risks could have material adverse effects on the 
Group's business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
1.6.2 
German tax authorities might not accept all tax deductions for interest payments and 
TAG's interest carry-forwards and tax loss carry-forwards might be forfeited. 
Several tax rules in Germany restrict the tax deductibility of interest expenses for corporate income and 
trade tax purposes. These regulations have been repeatedly and substantially amended. In general, it 
is not possible for TAG to fully deduct all interest expenses owed on current and future liabilities, thereby 
increasing its tax burden. 
The acquisition of several real estate portfolios in the past as well as the capital and financing measures 
undertaken by TAG in connection with these acquisitions add complexity to the financing structure of 
the Group and could restrict the deductibility of net interest expenses owed under existing and possibly 
future debt to 30% of the respective taxpayer's tax EBITDA for the respective fiscal year. 
Interest expenses that are not tax-deductible in accordance with the above provisions can be carried-
forward to subsequent years and given certain conditions, interest carry-forwards as well as tax loss 
carry-forwards can be used to reduce future taxable income. However, these carry-forwards might be 
reduced, especially if tax groups are denied by the tax authorities, thus leading to higher cash taxes. 
As a result of past or future restructuring of TAG's investment holding structure, there is also the possi-
bility that interest carry-forwards and tax loss carry-forwards are forfeited. If interest carry-forwards or 
tax loss carry-forwards were forfeited, the deferred tax assets would be impaired, thereby increasing 
TAG's tax burden. The same may apply to for other ring-fenced losses, whose expiry the tax admin-
istration has already claimed in the past. 
If one of the above risks occurs, this could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, 
financial position, cash flow and results of operations of TAG. 
1.6.3 
TAG is exposed to risks in connection with real estate transfer taxes (RETT).  
TAG is exposed to risks in connection with RETT. The legislative changes to the RETT system became 
effective as of 1 July 2021 have among others (i) broadened the scope of application by including 
changes in the shareholder structure of a corporation as tax triggering event (similar to a change in the 
shareholder structure of a partnership already applicable previously) so that share transfers of at least 
90% within ten years – irrespective of the number of purchasers – are subject to RETT, (ii) reduced the 
shareholding threshold from 95% to 90%, (iii) extended the look back period from five to ten years, (iv) 
eliminated the applicable cap for fines for omitted notifications with competent authorities and (v) pro-
longed holding periods for certain RETT exempt restructuring measures from five to ten or – in certain 
cases – even fifteen years. 
As a consequence, TAG will only be able to (directly or indirectly) sell 89.9% of the shares or interests 
in a real estate owning corporation or partnership to not trigger RETT. Likewise, TAG can only acquire 
89.9% of the shares or interests in a real estate owning corporation or partnership without triggering 
RETT if (i) the seller of the shares/interests has already held at least 10.1% of the shares/interests in 
such corporation/partnership in the ten year period prior to the sale and (ii) continues to hold 10.1% of 
the shares/interest in such corporation/partnership for further ten years following the sale. In particular 
with respect to the latter requirement, RETT could then also be triggered in case of changes to the direct

--- Page 39 ---
39 
or indirect holdings in the seller within the ten year period following the acquisition of the shares/interests 
by TAG. Therefore, RETT will also more often be payable by the real estate owning corporation or 
partnership and might be factored in by any potential purchaser when calculating the purchase price. 
Furthermore, the RETT rules generally applicable until 30 June 2021 may remain applicable to certain 
of the Group's investment structures in parallel to the new rules, partially for a certain period, partially 
unlimited. This makes investments in and sales out of the existing investment structures more complex 
and less efficient. 
In addition, TAG has acquired various majority shareholdings or interests in corporation or partnership 
that hold German real estate. The majority shareholdings or interests are below the level that would 
have caused RETT to be triggered by a unification of shares or interest or transfer of at least 90% to 
new shareholders or partners. However, there is a risk that the tax authorities do not recognise the 
structures implemented in connection with acquisitions of real estate owning corporations or partner-
ships. If these acquisition structures are not recognised by the tax authorities, TAG could be obligated 
to pay a significant amount of additional RETT.  
There also is a risk that the corporation or partnership acquired by TAG have existing RETT risks from 
previous transactions. Even though TAG reviews the history of potential acquisition targets extensively, 
a tax issue may not be uncovered, or it could be classified in TAG's audit as not taxable. The extent to 
which contractual guarantees under the relevant transaction documents cover possible risks is uncer-
tain. 
If one of the above risks occurs, this could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, 
financial position, cash flow and income of TAG. 
1.6.4 
TAG could be required to pay a significant amount of additional trade tax 
(Gewerbesteuer). 
In principle, TAG's income is subject to German trade tax (Gewerbesteuer). However, real estate com-
panies can apply for the so-called extended trade tax reduction (erweiterte Gewerbesteuerkürzung) 
pursuant to Section 9 No. 1 Sentence 2 et seq. of the German Trade Tax Act (Gewerbesteuergesetz). 
This option allows real estate companies to reduce their income subject to German trade tax by the 
portion attributable to the management and use of their real estate portfolio. TAG has taken advantage 
of this option in the past and intends to continue to apply for it. However, the tax authorities may assess 
that the amount of the reduction was wrongly calculated or that TAG is not eligible for the extended 
trade tax reduction at all. In these cases, TAG could be required to pay a significant amount of additional 
German trade tax. 
2. 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
The risk factors relating to the Notes are presented in categories depending on their nature with the 
most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
2.1 
Risks related to the Nature of the Notes 
2.1.1 
Noteholders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make 
interest and/or redemption payments. 
Any person who purchases the Notes is relying on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and has no rights 
against any other person. Noteholders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to 
make interest and/or redemption payments that the Issuer is obliged to make under the Notes. The 
worse the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the higher the risk of loss (see also "1. Risks Relating to the 
Issuer and the Group" above). A materialisation of the credit risk may result in partial or total failure of 
the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments under the Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
In addition, even if the likelihood that the Issuer will be in a position to fully perform all obligations under 
the Notes when they fall due actually has not decreased, market participants could nevertheless be of 
that opinion. Market participants may in particular be of such opinion if market participants' assessment 
of the creditworthiness of corporate debtors in general or debtors operating in the industries sector ad-
versely change. If any of these risks occur, third parties would only be willing to purchase the Notes for 
a lower price than before the materialisation of said risk. The market value of the Notes may therefore 
decrease. 
2.1.2 
The Notes will be effectively subordinated to the Group's debt to the extent such debt 
is secured by assets that are not also securing the Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions only require the Issuer to secure the Notes equally if the Issuer provides 
security for the benefit of other Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). 
Furthermore, there are substantial carve-outs and exemptions from this undertaking. 
To the extent the Issuer or any of its material subsidiaries provide security interests over their respective 
assets for the benefit of (a) Capital Market Indebtedness in line with such carve-outs and exemptions or 
(b) other indebtedness, in both cases without also securing the Notes, the Notes will be effectively junior 
to such debt to the extent of such assets. 
As a result of the foregoing, holders of (present or future) secured debt of the Issuer or any of its sub-
sidiaries may recover disproportionately more on their claims than the Noteholders in an insolvency, 
bankruptcy or similar proceeding. The Issuer may not have sufficient assets remaining to make pay-
ments under the Notes. 
2.1.3 
The Notes are structurally subordinated to creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries 
The Notes will not be guaranteed by any of the subsidiaries of the Issuer. Generally, claims of creditors 
of a subsidiary, including trade creditors, secured creditors, and creditors holding indebtedness and 
guarantees issued by the subsidiary, will have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of the 
subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent company. In the event of a liquidation, winding-up or 
dissolution or a bankruptcy, administration, reorganisation, insolvency, receivership or similar proceed-
ing of any subsidiary of the Issuer, such subsidiary will pay the holders of its own debt (including holders 
of third-party debt which such subsidiaries have guaranteed) before they would be able to distribute any 
of their assets to the Issuer. As a result, the Issuer may not have sufficient assets to make payments on 
the Notes. 
2.1.4 
Early redemption in case of certain events of default subject to a 10 per cent. quorum 
The Terms and Conditions provide that, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring the 
Notes due and payable shall become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has received such default 
notices from Noteholders representing at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Series of Notes then outstanding. Noteholders should be aware that, as a result, they may not be able 
to accelerate their Notes upon the occurrence of certain events of default, unless the required quorum 
of Noteholders with respect to the Series of Notes delivers default notices. 
2.1.5 
Market price risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market 
interest rate levels, the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the 
lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The Noteholders are therefore exposed to the 
risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of their Notes, which materialises if the Notehold-
ers sell the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If a Noteholder decides to hold the Notes until 
final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In particular, a Noteholder of Fixed Rate Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls 
as a result of changes in the market interest rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Note as specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest 
rate on the capital market (market interest rate) typically changes on a daily basis. As the market 
interest rate changes, the price of Fixed Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the 
market interest rate increases, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes 
is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, 
the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically increases, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to 
the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the Noteholder of Fixed Rate Notes holds such Notes 
until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to such Noteholder as the Notes 
will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such Notes. 
A Noteholder of Floating Rate Notes is particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels 
and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the prof-
itability of Floating Rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant 
floating rate should be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the 
term of any Notes. 
2.1.6 
Liquidity risk 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Base Pro-
spectus to be admitted to trading on the regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. However, there is a risk that no liquid secondary market for such Notes 
will develop or, if it does develop, that it will not continue. The fact that Notes will be listed does not 
necessarily lead to greater liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any ex-
change, pricing information for such Notes may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect 
the liquidity of the Notes adversely. 
The liquidity of a Series of Notes may also be subject to fluctuations during the term of such Notes and 
may deteriorate, in particular as a result of repurchases and redemptions. 
In an illiquid market, an investor is subject to the risk that he will not be able to sell his Notes at any time 
at fair market prices.  
2.1.7 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions by resolution of the Noteholders and ap-
pointment of a joint representative 
Since the Terms and Conditions for a Series of Notes may be amended by the Issuer with consent of 
the relevant Noteholders by way of a majority resolution in a Noteholders' Meeting or by a vote not 
requiring a physical meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) as described in Sections 5 et seq. of the 
German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen, 
SchVG), the Issuer may subsequently amend the Terms and Conditions with the consent of the majority 
of Noteholders as described in § 15 of the Terms and Conditions, which amendment will be binding on 
all Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes, even on those who voted against the change. As the 
relevant majority for Noteholders' resolutions is generally based on votes cast, rather than on the ag-
gregate principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes outstanding, any such resolution may techni-
cally be passed with the consent of less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant 
Series of Notes outstanding. 
Therefore, a Noteholder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Notehold-
ers. As such majority resolution is binding on all Noteholders of a particular Series of Notes, certain 
rights of such Noteholder against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions may be amended or re-
duced or cancelled, even for Noteholders who have declared their claims arising from the Notes due 
and payable but who have not received payment from the Issuer prior to the amendment taking effect, 
which may have significant negative effects on the value of the Notes and the return from the Notes. 
The Noteholders may by majority resolution provide for the appointment or dismissal of a joint repre-
sentative. If a joint representative is appointed a Noteholder may be deprived of its individual right to 
pursue and enforce a part or all of its rights under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, such

--- Page 42 ---
42 
right passing to the Noteholders' joint representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim and 
enforce the rights of all the Noteholders. 
2.1.8 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
Potential investors should bear in mind that an investment in the Notes could involve currency risks. 
This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if a Noteholder's financial activities are de-
nominated principally in a currency or currency unit (investor's currency) other than the currency of 
the relevant Notes. These include the risk that exchange rates may change significantly (including 
changes due to devaluation of the currency of the relevant Notes or revaluation of the investor's cur-
rency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the investor's currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the investor's currency relative to the currency of the 
relevant Notes would decrease (i) the investor's currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the investor's 
currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the investor's currency-equiva-
lent market value of the Notes. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) ex-
change controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, Note-
holders may receive less principal and/or interest than expected, or no principal and/or interest at all. 
2.1.9 
Credit ratings of the Notes may not reflect all risks of an investment in the Notes; they 
are not recommendations to buy or hold securities, and are subject to revision, sus-
pension, or withdrawal at any time. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors dis-
cussed herein, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recom-
mendation to buy, sell, or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension, or withdrawal by 
the rating agency at any time. No assurance can be given that a credit rating will remain constant for 
any given period of time or that a credit rating will not be reduced or withdrawn entirely by the credit 
rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. Any suspension, reduction, or withdrawal of 
the credit rating assigned to the relevant Notes by one or more of the credit rating agencies may ad-
versely affect the cost and terms and conditions of the Group's financings and could adversely affect 
the value and trading of such Notes. 
2.2 
Risks related to the specific Conditions of the Notes  
2.2.1 
Risk of early redemption 
At the Issuer's option, the Notes may be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date at par plus accrued interest 
if, as a result of a future change of the laws applicable in Germany, the Issuer will be obliged to pay 
Additional Amounts (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). 
If provided for in any Final Terms for a particular Series of Notes, the Notes may be redeemed prior to 
the Maturity Date (i) at the option of the Issuer at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, (ii) at the option 
of the Issuer on any specified Call Redemption Date or within any specified Call Redemption Period(s), 
(iii) at the option of the Issuer upon occurrence of a transaction related event, or (iv) at the option of the 
Issuer if at any time the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series outstanding is 
equal to or less than 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Series originally 
issued.  
If the Notes of any Series are redeemed earlier than expected by a Noteholder, a Noteholder is exposed 
to the risk that due to the early redemption his investment will have a lower than expected yield and to 
the risks connected with any reinvestment of the cash proceeds received as a result of the early re-
demption. The redemption amount may be lower than the then prevailing market price of and the pur-
chase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder for the Notes so that the Noteholder in such case would 
not receive the total amount of the capital invested.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
2.2.2 
Risk related to the reform of interest rate "Benchmarks" and possible replacement of a 
Benchmark 
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes are linked to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR). 
"Benchmarks" such as the EURIBOR (each a Benchmark and together, Benchmarks) have, in recent 
years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. 
This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes antic-
ipated. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include in particular the European Council's regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 of 8 June 2016, as amended, on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments 
and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (Benchmarks Regulation) which has 
been fully applicable since 1 January 2018. 
Following the implementation of such reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may 
change, with the result that they perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated 
entirely, or there could be consequences which cannot be predicted. Any changes to a Benchmark as 
a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives could have a material adverse effect on the 
costs of obtaining exposure to a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise partic-
ipating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such 
factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or partici-
pate in certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks 
or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks. 
Investors should be aware that, if a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such Benchmark will be deter-
mined for the relevant interest period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. 
If a Benchmark used to calculate interest amounts payable under any Notes for any interest period has 
ceased to be calculated or administered, the Issuer shall endeavour to appoint an independent adviser, 
which must be an independent financial institution of international repute or other independent financial 
adviser experienced in the international capital markets. Such independent adviser will be tasked with 
determining whether an officially recognised successor rate to the discontinued Benchmark exists. If 
that is not the case, the independent adviser will attempt to find an alternative rate which, possibly after 
application of adjustments or spreads, can replace the discontinued Benchmark. If the independent 
adviser determines a successor rate or alternative rate (New Benchmark Rate), such rate will replace 
the previous Benchmark for purposes of determining the relevant rate of interest. Such determination 
will be binding for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders of such 
Notes. Any amendments pursuant to these fallback provisions will apply with effect from the effective 
date specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
If the Issuer fails to appoint an independent adviser or if the adviser fails to determine a New Benchmark 
Rate prior to the relevant interest determination date, the reference rate applicable to the immediately 
following interest period shall be the reference rate applicable as at the last preceding interest determi-
nation date. Any subsequent interest period may be subject to the subsequent operation of the fallback 
provisions. 
The replacement of a Benchmark could have adverse effects on the economic return of the Noteholders 
of the relevant Notes compared to the applicable original benchmark rate. In turn, any such adverse 
effects may lead to a decrease in value of the Notes. 
2.2.3 
The Issuer may not be able to make a change of control redemption upon demand. 
Upon the occurrence of certain specified change of control events, Noteholders will have the right to 
require that the Issuer redeems any Notes at the principal amount together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the optional redemption date. The Issuer's ability to redeem Notes upon such a change of

--- Page 44 ---
44 
control event will be limited by Issuer's access to funds at the time of the redemption. Upon a change of 
control event, TAG may be required to immediately repay the outstanding principal, any accrued interest 
on and any other amounts owed by TAG under other debt outstanding (see also "1.4 Financial Risks"). 
The source of funds for these repayments would be the available cash or cash generated from other 
sources. It cannot be assured that if an event that requires the Issuer to offer to redeem the Notes occurs 
that the Issuer will have, or has access to, sufficient funds to pay the required redemption amount for all 
of the Notes tendered to the Issuer by the Noteholders 
2.2.4 
Risks associated with Notes with a specific use of proceeds, such as green, social or 
sustainability bonds 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that an amount equivalent to the 
net proceeds from the issuance of such Tranche of Notes will be used specifically for assets and projects 
that promote social and environmental purposes (Eligible Sustainable Projects). TAG has established 
a framework for such issuances which further specifies the eligibility criteria for such Eligible Sustainable 
Projects (Sustainable Finance Framework) (see also "IX. SUSTAINABLE FINANCE FRAMEWORK"). 
The Sustainable Finance Framework and the Sustainalytics Opinion (as defined below) can be ac-
cessed on the website of the Issuer (www.tag-ag.com/en/investor-relations/creditor-relations). For the 
avoidance of doubt, neither the Sustainable Finance Framework nor the content of the website or the 
Sustainalytics Opinion or any Second Party Opinion (as defined below) or any other document related 
thereto are incorporated by reference into or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms and in the Sustainable Finance Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine 
for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes to-
gether with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
No mandatory alignment with EU Taxonomy Regulation and no compliance with European Green 
Bond Standard 
At European level, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 
2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (EU Taxonomy Regula-
tion) defined six environmental objectives and established a framework to facilitate sustainable invest-
ments in the European Union (EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy). The EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European Commission 
through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Furthermore, on 30 November 2023, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on Eu-
ropean Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and 
for sustainability-linked bonds of 22 November 2023 was published in the Official Journal of the EU 
(European Green Bond Regulation), creating a voluntary standard for bonds carrying the "European 
Green Bond" (EuGB) designation as from 21 December 2024. In order to use the label "European Green 
Bond", issuers have to invest the proceeds from the issuance of the relevant instrument in economic 
activities aligned with the EU Taxonomy Regulation (subject to a flexibility pocket). Such Issuers must 
further comply with comprehensive process and disclosure requirements. 
While the Issuer's Sustainable Finance Framework takes into consideration the requirements of the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation and technical criteria as well as the Delegated Act Supplementing Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 of 4 June 2021 (EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act), where relevant and feasible, 
prospective investors should note that such intended alignment is no mandatory element under the 
Sustainable Finance Framework and the Sustainable Finance Framework and the Eligible Sustainable 
Projects do not fully comply with the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Further, the issue and documentation 
procedures set out by TAG in its Sustainable Finance Framework are not aligned with the requirements 
of the EuGB standard. 
Notes issued under the Programme will not qualify as "European Green Bonds". Any Tranche of Notes 
issued under the Programme and referred to as "green", "environmental", "sustainable", "social" or 
equivalently labelled will only comply with the criteria and processes set out in TAG's Sustainable

--- Page 45 ---
45 
Finance Framework. The impact of EuGB on investor demand for, and pricing of, green and/or sustain-
able use of proceeds bonds that do not meet the EuGB standard can not yet be assessed. Once the 
standard for EuGB applies and there are instruments with the "European Green Bond" label available 
on the market, this could reduce demand and liquidity for Notes issued under the Sustainable Finance 
Framework by the Issuer as well as their price. 
Other existing or future regulatory initiatives or voluntary standards and investor expectations 
Due to the application of an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the issuance of Tranches of 
Notes to finance or refinance Eligible Sustainable Projects, the Issuer may refer to such Notes as "ESG 
bonds", "green bonds", "social bonds" or "sustainable bonds". There is currently no clearly defined term 
(legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as, 
a "green" or an equivalently-labelled project. It is an area which has been, and continues to be, the 
subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, stand-
ards, taxonomies and objectives. While regulatory projects such as the EU Taxonomy Regulation and 
the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy have made considerable progress, these standards are cur-
rently either voluntary or otherwise not universally applicable. No assurance can be given by the Issuer, 
the Arranger or the Dealers that the envisaged use of proceeds of relevant Notes by the Issuer for any 
Eligible Sustainable Projects in accordance with the Sustainable Finance Framework will satisfy, either 
in whole or in part, any existing or future legislative or regulatory requirements or voluntary standards. 
Further, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the envisaged use 
of proceeds of relevant Notes by the Issuer for any Eligible Sustainable Projects in accordance with the 
Sustainable Finance Framework will satisfy any present or future investor expectations or requirements 
with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to 
comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with 
regard to any direct or indirect environmental impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
the relevant Eligible Sustainable Projects. No assurance or representation is or can be given by the Issuer, 
the Arranger or the Dealers that the reporting under the Sustainable Finance Framework will meet investor 
needs or expectations. 
Moreover, in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the 
green, sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the Issuer's Sustainable Fi-
nance Framework may (or may not) be modified in the future to adapt any update that may be made to 
the Sustainable Bond Principles as administered by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) 
or any other voluntary standard or applicable regulation. Such changes may have a negative impact on 
the market value and the liquidity of the Notes issued prior to the amendment. 
Failure to comply with the intended use of proceeds 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any relevant Notes will be used for Eligible Sustainable 
Projects in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria set out in the Sustainable Finance 
Framework (see also "IX. SUSTAINABLE FINANCE FRAMEWORK"). 
There can be no assurance by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any Eligible 
Sustainable Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer when 
making its assessment whether or not to apply any proceeds of Notes (or amounts equal thereto) to 
such Eligible Sustainable Project. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers to investors that 
any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects will meet any or all 
investor expectations regarding such "green", "environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other equiva-
lently-labelled performance objectives or that no adverse environmental, green, social and/or other im-
pacts will occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Sustainable Projects.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of 
the Eligible Sustainable Projects or the application, impact or monitoring of the use of proceeds of the 
relevant Notes. Investors should note that (i) any such event or any failure by the Issuer to do so or (ii) 
any failure to provide or publish any reporting or any (impact) assessment, or (iii) any failure to obtain 
any certification or label (or the withdrawal of any such certification or label or the Sustainalytics Opinion 
(as defined below)), or (iv) any Eligible Sustainable Projects ceasing to be classed as such prior to ma-
turity of the relevant Notes, or (v) the fact that the maturity of an Eligible Sustainable Projects may not 
match the minimum duration of the Notes, (a) will not constitute an event or default under the Notes, (b) 
will not give the Noteholders the right to otherwise early terminate and demand redemption of the Notes 
and (c) will not give the Issuer the right to early terminate and redeem the Notes. 
Furthermore, under the Terms and Conditions, Notes may provide for the right of the Issuer for early 
redemption. If such redemption occurs prior to the full allocation of the proceeds of such Note, such 
allocation may not take place in full or not at all and, in that case, the proceeds may no longer be able 
to contribute to any Eligible Sustainable Projects. Any such event will not give the holder of the Notes 
the right to early terminate the Notes. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of relevant Notes will be made from the Issuer's general 
funds and will not be directly linked to the performance of any Eligible Sustainable Projects (or any other 
environmental or similar targets set by the Issuer). 
Second Party Opinion 
No assurance or representation can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers as to the suita-
bility or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the second party opinion dated 18 March 2022 issued 
by Sustainalytics in relation to the Issuer's Sustainable Finance Framework (Sustainalytics Opinion) 
or any other opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may 
be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Sustain-
able Project to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria (each a Second Party 
Opinion). Any such Second Party Opinion may not address risks that may affect the value of any Notes 
issued under the Sustainable Finance Framework or any Eligible Sustainable Project against which the 
Issuer may assign the proceeds of any Notes. 
Any such Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considera-
tions and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, 
including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. 
Any such Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. Any such Second 
Party Opinion is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes. Any such Second Party Opinion is only 
current as of the date that opinion was initially issued and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by 
the relevant provider(s) at any time. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance 
of any such Second Party Opinion and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such 
Second Party Opinion for the purpose of any investment in any Notes. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are generally not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. There can be no assurance that Noteholders will have any 
recourse against the provider(s) of any Second Party Opinion. 
Listing of Notes on dedicated stock exchange segments or platforms or inclusion in dedicated 
indices 
In the event that any Series of Notes is listed or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Green Exchange 
or any other dedicated "ESG", "green", "environmental", "sustainability", "social" or other equivalently-
labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated) or included in 
any index so labelled, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers 
or any other person that such listing, admission or inclusion satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines

--- Page 47 ---
47 
with which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other gov-
erning rules or investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any 
such listing, admission to trading or inclusion in any index may vary from one stock exchange or secu-
rities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Ar-
ranger, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing, admission to trading or inclusion in any 
index will be obtained in respect of any Series of Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing, admission 
to trading or inclusion in any index will be maintained during the life of that Series of Notes. 
Potential implications for Noteholders 
Any of the risks mentioned above and in particular (i) the non-compliance of the Notes with the EuGB 
standard and any other future voluntary or regulatory standard for sustainable instruments, (ii) a failure 
to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Sustainable Pro-
jects, (iii) the withdrawal of the Sustainalytics Opinion or any Second Party Opinion, or (iv) the Notes 
ceasing to be listed, admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market or in-
cluded in any dedicated index may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also 
potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance similar Eligible Sustainable Pro-
jects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
III. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER 
1. 
Formation and Incorporation 
The Issuer was founded as a railway company with the legal name "Eisenbahn Actiengesellschaft 
Schaftlach-Gmund-Tegernsee", Munich, in 1882. The registered share capital (Grundkapital) of "Eisen-
bahn Actiengesellschaft Schaftlach-Gmund-Tegernsee" at the time it was formed amounted to 300,000 
Marks. The share capital was divided into 600 bearer shares of 500 Marks each. 
The Issuer's legal name (Firma) "Eisenbahn Actiengesellschaft Schaftlach-Gmund-Tegernsee" was al-
tered to "Tegernsee-Bahn Aktiengesellschaft" in 1942. The legal name was changed again, to "TAG 
Tegernseebahn Immobilien- und Beteiligungs- Aktiengesellschaft", in 1999. The legal name was 
changed furthermore in 2001, to "TAG Tegernsee Immobilien- und Beteiligungs- Aktiengesellschaft", 
and in 2008 to the present legal name, "TAG Immobilien AG". In 2008, the Issuer's registered office was 
also moved from Tegernsee to Hamburg. 
2. 
History and Development 
In 1882, the Issuer's business focused primarily on rail transport – initially exclusively for the line be-
tween Schaftlach and Gmund – and after 1902, also on the extended line from Gmund to Tegernsee. It 
also offered bus transport. In 1947, it transferred the operation of the bus lines to Kraftverkehr Tegernsee 
Immobilien Gesellschaft, a subsidiary created for that purpose, which continued to run the bus operation 
until 1990. The Issuer transferred the railway operation to Tegernsee-Bahn Betriebsgesellschaft (TBG), 
its wholly owned subsidiary created for that purpose, in 1983. TBG held the rail concession for the 
Tegernsee-Bahn railway, which it continued to operate until 28 November 1998 and then leased to 
Bayerische Oberlandbahn GmbH. The Issuer sold its stake in TBG in 2012 and thus gave up on its 
former core business.  
Since 2000, the Issuer focuses on the real estate business. In the first years as a diversified real estate 
group and since 2009 on residential real estate as a long-term investment. First stages in this process 
were the acquisition of JUS Aktiengesellschaft für Grundbesitz in 2000 and Bau-Verein zu Hamburg 
Immobilien-GmbH in 2001. Afterwards, the Issuer increased its commercial real estate activities by ac-
quiring a portfolio of real estate, located mainly in Bavaria, in 2006 with a volume of approximately 
EUR 129 million and a further real estate portfolio from Siemens AG in 2007 with a volume of around 
EUR 171 million. 
In November 2000, the shares of the Issuer were admitted to trading on the stock exchanges in Frankfurt 
Main and Munich to the official trading (amtlicher Handel) for the first time. In addition, the Issuer's 
shares continued to be traded in the open market at the stock exchanges in Berlin, Stuttgart, Dusseldorf 
and Hamburg, as well as on the XETRA. In 2006, the Issuer's shares were admitted to the S-DAX, a 
share index of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange for small and medium sized listed companies. 
In 2010, the Issuer undertook a major expansion of its residential real estate portfolio through various 
transactions in which the Group acquired approximately 2,800 units, mostly in Berlin, North Rhine-West-
phalia (Nordrhein-Westfalen) and selected locations in Saxony (Sachsen). Based on the acquisition of 
a majority stake in the listed Colonia Real Estate AG at the beginning of 2011, the Group more than 
tripled the number of residential units in its real estate portfolio. In addition, the Group added a further 
approximately 4,300 residential units to its portfolio through various transactions in 2011.  
In the first half of 2012, the Group extended its real estate portfolio through the acquisition of DKB 
Immobilien AG (now TAG Potsdam-Immobilien GmbH) with a residential portfolio of approximately 
25,000 units primarily located in East Germany. Furthermore, the Group broadened its portfolio in the 
Berlin region and Saxony through various business transactions in the first nine months of 2012. In 
November 2012, the Issuer acquired TAG Wohnen GmbH holding a residential real estate portfolio that 
included approximately 11,500 units in East Germany and which to a substantial extent overlapped 
geographically with the Group’s previous residential real estate portfolio. In the same year, the Issuer's

--- Page 49 ---
49 
shares were admitted to the share index M-DAX, another more prominent share index of the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange. 
In 2014, the Group discontinued its commercial real estate business by selling its shares in TAG Gew-
erbeimmobilien GmbH. Only a few commercial properties remained in the Group's portfolio, which it 
also used itself, such as the corporate headquarters in Hamburg. Since then, the Group has been pur-
suing a growing cash flow strategy with the goal to sustainably increase the value of the Group. This 
aim was inter alia pursued by the strategic expansion and value enhancement of the residential real 
estate portfolio. This was achieved through a capital recycling strategy in which the Group sold off parts 
of its real estate portfolio and replaced them with more value-generating assets.  
In 2020, the Issuer entered the Polish residential market by the acquisition of Vantage, a property de-
veloper based and focused on activities in Wrocław. The acquisition of Warsaw-based ROBYG in 2022 
expanded TAG's platform for developing flats for its own portfolio in the existing regions of Wrocław, 
Poznań and especially Tricity, and also enabled a comprehensive market entry in Warsaw. At the same 
time, TAG expanded its business model to include the development of flats for sale, thus benefiting from 
expected cash returns (in the sense of an FFO return on equity) to finance growth in the Polish rental 
housing market. 
3. 
Commercial Name, Registered Office and Legal Entity Identifier 
The legal name of the Issuer is "TAG Immobilien AG". The Issuer and its subsidiaries conduct their 
business under the commercial name "TAG". The Issuer is a holding company organised and existing 
under the laws of Germany. The Issuer is a German stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) and the 
transfer of its registered seat to Hamburg was registered with the commercial register of the local court 
(Amtsgericht) Hamburg, Germany as of 19 September 2008. 
The Issuer is registered with the commercial register of the local court of Hamburg under the registration 
number HRB 106718. Its registered business address, and its principal office, is Steckelhörn 5, 20457 
Hamburg, Germany, and its telephone number is +49 40 380320. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the 
Issuer is 529900TAE68USJNXLR59.  
The website of the Issuer is www.tag-ag.com. The information on this website does not form part of the 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
4. 
Fiscal Year and Duration 
The fiscal year of the Issuer is the calendar year. The Issuer was established for an unlimited period of 
time.  
5. 
Major Shareholders 
The Issuer's share capital as of the date of this Base Prospectus amounts to EUR 175.489.025.00 
divided into 175.489.025 ordinary bearer shares with no-par value (Stückaktien) and is fully paid up. 
The shares in the Issuer are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Prime Standard) and are included 
in the M-DAX market index. 
Pursuant to notifications published by the Issuer in accordance with the German Securities Trading Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz – WpHG) through 18 August 2024, the following shareholders directly or in-
directly hold more than 3% of the Issuer's shares:  
Shareholder 
 
Share of voting rights (in %) 
BlackRock, Inc., Wilmington, Delaware, U.S. 
 
6.3 
BayernInvest Kapitalverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich, Germany 
 
4.9

--- Page 50 ---
50 
Versorgungsanstalt des Bundes und der Länder, Karlsruhe, Germany 
 
4.7 
Internationale 
Kapitalanlagegesellschaft 
mit 
beschränkter 
Haftung, 
Dusseldorf, Germany 
 
3.4 
AXA S.A., Paris, France 
 
3.0 
BNP PARIBAS ASSET MANAGEMENT Europe, Paris, France 
 
3.0 
Resolution Capital Limited, Sydney, Australia 
 
3.0 
Total 
 
28.3 
The percentage values shown in the table above are based on the amount of voting rights last notified 
to the Issuer with regard to the stated reference date by the respective shareholder pursuant to Sections 
33 et seqq. WpHG. It should be noted that the number of voting rights last notified could have changed 
since such notifications were submitted to the Issuer without requiring the relevant shareholder to submit 
a corresponding voting rights notification if no notifiable thresholds have been reached or crossed. 
Other shareholders, including those shareholders whose shareholdings represent less than 3% of the 
total voting rights in the Issuer, hold the remaining 71.7% of the shares of the Issuer. All of the Issuer's 
shares confer the same voting rights. 
All notifications made by shareholders in accordance with the WpHG are published on the website of 
the Issuer (www.tag-ag.com/en/news/voting-rights-announcements) under "News – Voting Rights An-
nouncements". 
6. 
Group Structure 
The Issuer's principal activity is to act as a management holding company. In this capacity it performs 
group-wide tasks for the entire group of companies. Central departments such as Finance, Accounting, 
Tax, Controlling, Human Resources, IT, Procurement and Legal are thus directly located at the Issuer. 
For details on the Issuer's principal activities, please refer to "IV. BUSINESS OF THE GROUP" below.  
The overview on the following page shows the simplified corporate structure and the consolidated sub-
sidiaries of the Issuer as of the date of the Base Prospectus:

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TAG Immobilien AG
TAG Potsdam-Immobilien GmbH
100%
TAG Beteiligungs- und 
Immobilienverwaltungs GmbH (TAG BI) 
100% 
holds shares in:
3510 TAG Colonia-Immob. AG 79.06%
2015: TAG VFHG GmbH & Co KG 6%
2510: TAG Wohn. & Service GmbH 6.43%
2010: Bau-Verein Immo. GmbH 5.1%
2028: Zweite Immobtlg. GS. BVV BV zH 
Fonds GmbH & Co. KG 6.01%
TAG Colonia-Immobilien AG
79.06 % (PSD Bank Nord eG 5.07%)
(TAG AG 5.07%)
(BayernInvest Dynamic Extra 507%)
Bau-Verein zu Hamburg Immo. GmbH
94.9% (5.1% TAG BI)
TAG Wohnen & Service GmbH
93.57% (6.43% TAG BI)
BV zu Hamburg 
Wohnungsgesellschaft mbH 
100%
BV Hamburger Wohnimmo GmbH
100%
VFHG Verwaltungs GmbH
100%
Urania Grundstücksgesellschaft mbH 
100%
BVV BV zH Fonds Verwaltungs 
GmbH 100%
TAG Handwerkerservice GmbH 100%
Zweite Immobtlg. GS.BVV BV zH 
Fonds GmbH & Co. KG
92.05% (6.01% TAG BI)
TAG Greifswald-Immobilien GmbH 
100%
BV zH Hausverwaltungs-
gesellschaft mbH
100%
BV zH Eigenheim-Immo GmbH
100%
TAG Gotha Wohnimmobilien 
GmbH & Co. KG
100%
TAG Zuhause Wohnen GmbH
100%
TAG Steckelhörn Immobilien GmbH
100%
TAG Schwerin-Immobilien GmbH
100%
TAG Bartol Immobilien GmbH 94.80%
EWF Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH 5.20%
holds shares in:
TAG Grasmus Immobilien GmbH 6%
Domus Grundstücksverwaltungsges. mbH 
6%
Emersion Grundstücksverwaltungsges. 
mbH 6%
TAG Certram Immobilien GmbH 94.80%
EWF Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH 5.20%
TAG Immobilien Verwaltung GmbH
100%
Altstadt Assekuranzvermittlung und 
Schadensmanagement GmbH
49%
Texas Gewerbeimmobilien S.á.r.l.
20%
FC REF I GmbH
80%
TAG Vogtland-Immobilien GmbH 
100%
TAG Portfolio Mecklenburg-Vorpommern 
GmbH & Co KG (100%)
TAG Wohnungsges. Mecklenburg-
Vorpommern mbH (100%)
TAG Wohnungsges. Sachsen mbH
100%
TAG Portfolio Sachsen GmbH & Co. KG
100%
TAG Immobilien Service GmbH
100%
TAG Wohnungsges. Berlin-Brandenburg 
mbH 94.82% (5.18 DKB AG)
TAG Wohnungsges. Thüringen mbH
94% (6% Stadt Gera)
TAG Brandenburg-Immobilien GmbH 100%
TAG Chemnitz Straubehof Immobilien GmbH 94.80%
EWF Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH 5.20%
TAG Chemnitz Muldental Immobilien GmbH 94.80%
EWF Beteiligungsgesellschaft 5.20%
TAG Chemnitz Zeisigwald Immobilien GmbH 94.80%
EWF Beteiligungsgesellschaft 5.20%
TAG Merseburg-Immobilien GmbH 94%
TAG Miteinander Stiftung 6%
TAG Grimma-Immobilien GmbH 94.9%
TAG Miteinander Stiftung 5.1%
TAG Sachsen-Anhalt Immobilien GmbH 94.9%
TAG Miteinander Stiftung 5.1%
TAG Halle-Immobilien GmbH 94.9%
TAG Miteinander Stiftung 5.1%
TAG Sivaska Immobilien GmbH 94.80%
EWF Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH 5.20%
TAG Zidal Immobilien GmbH 94.80%
EWF Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH 5.20%
TAG Cottbus-Immobilien GmbH 94.84%
TAG Miteinander Stiftung 5.16%
TAG Gotha-Immobilien GmbH 94.8%
TAG Miteinander Stiftung 5.2%
TAG Müritz-Immobilien GmbH 94.8%
TAG Miteinander Stiftung 5.2%
TAG Grasmus Immobilien GmbH
94% (TAG Bartol Immobilien GmbH: 6%)
Colonia Immo Vw. GmbH
100%
Colonia Wohnen GmbH
100%
Colonia Portfolio Ost GmbH
100%
Colonia Portfolio Berlin GmbH
100%
Colonia Portfolio Nauen
 GmbH & Co. KG 
100%
TAG Wohnimmobilien Halle 
GmbH & Co. KG
100%
Colonia Portfolio Bremen
GmbH & Co. KG
100%
Colonia Portfolio Hamburg GmbH 
& Co. KG
100%
Colonia Wohnen Siebte GmbH 
100%
Emersion Grundst.Vw.Ges.mbH
94% (TAG Bartol Immobilien 
GmbH 6%)
Domus Grundst.Vw.Ges.mbH
94% (TAG Bartol Immobilien 
GmbH 6%)
TAG Chemnitz-Immo GmbH
100%
TAG TSA Wohnimmobilien GmbH
100%
TAG Wohnen GmbH
100%
TAG NRW-Wohnungsimmobilien & 
Beteiligungs GmbH (100%)
TAG 1. NRW-Immobilien GmbH
100%
TAG Sachsenimmobilien GmbH
100%
TAG Marzahn-Immobilien GmbH
100%
TAG Portfolio Thüringen GmbH & 
Co. KG (100%)
TAG Wohnungsgesellschaft Gera 
mbH (100%)
TAG Wohnungsgesellschaft Gera-
Debschwitz mbH (100%)
TAG Havel-Wohnimmobilien GmbH, 
formerly WOBRA Stadtumbauges. 
TAG BI 94.80% (EWF 5.20%)
Energie Wohnen Service GmbH
100%
TAG Nordimmobilien GmbH
100%
TAG Btgl. VW GmbH
100%
TAG Finance Holding GmbH
100%
Tag Residential Real Estate Sp.z.o.o.
100%
TAG Residential Real Estate Sp.z.o.o.II
100% Vantage Development S.A.
Vantage Development S.A.
100%
TAG Leipzig-Immobilien GmbH
100%
TAG SH-Immobilien GmbH
100%
TAG Magdeburg-Immo. GmbH
100%
TAG Grebensteiner-Immo. GmbH
100%
TAG Klosterplatz-Immo. GmbH
100%
TAG Wolfsburg-Immo. GmbH
100%
TAG Spreewaldviertel-Immo GmbH
100%
TAG 2. NRW-Immobilien GmbH
100%
TAG Stadthaus am Anger GmbH 
100%
Multimedia Immobilien GmbH 
100%
ROBYG 
100%

--- Page 52 ---
52 
7. 
Auditor 
The auditor of the Issuer's annual and consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ending 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 was Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, 
Dammtorstraße 12, 20354 Hamburg, Germany, (Deloitte).  
Deloitte audited  
(i) 
the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal year 
ending 31 December 2023 prepared in accordance with the International Finan-
cial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (IFRS) and the 
additional requirements of the German commercial law pursuant to Section 
315e para. 1 of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch – HGB) 
and  
(ii) 
the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal year 
ending 31 December 2022 prepared in accordance with IFRS and the additional 
requirements of the German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e para. 1 
of HGB 
and issued on each of them an independent unqualified auditor's report (uneingeschränkter Bestä-
tigungsvermerk des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers).  
Deloitte is a member of the German Chamber of Auditors (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), Rauchstraße 
26, 10787 Berlin, Germany. 
8. 
Governing Bodies 
8.1 
Overview 
The Issuer's governing bodies are the Management Board, the supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) of 
the Issuer (Supervisory Board) and the general meeting (Hauptversammlung). The Issuer has a 
two-tier management and control system, consisting of the Management Board and the Supervisory 
Board.  
The powers and responsibilities of these governing bodies are determined by the German Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz, AktG), the German Corporate Governance Code (Deutscher Cor-
porate Governance Kodex – Code), the articles of association of the Issuer and the internal rules 
of procedure for both the Supervisory Board (Geschäftsordnung für den Aufsichtsrat) and the Man-
agement Board (Geschäftsordnung für den Vorstand). 
8.2 
Management Board 
Pursuant to the articles of association of the Issuer, the Management Board (Vorstand) of the Issuer 
consists of one or more members. The Supervisory Board determines the exact number of mem-
bers and may appoint a member of the Management Board to act as chairperson of the Manage-
ment Board and one or more members as deputies.  
Pursuant to Section 84 para. 1 sentence 1 AktG the Supervisory Board appoints members of the 
Management Board for a maximum term of five years. Reappointment or extension of the term of 
members of the Management Board, each for a maximum period of up to five years, is permissible.  
The table below lists the members of the Management Board as of the date of the Base Prospectus:

--- Page 53 ---
53 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Principal activities outside the Group 
Claudia Hoyer 
 
Chief Operating Officer 
and Co-CEO 
 
none 
Martin Thiel 
 Chief Financial Officer and 
Co-CEO 
 
none 
The business address of all members of our Management Board is Steckelhörn 5, 20457 Hamburg, 
Germany.  
8.3 
Supervisory Board 
Pursuant to the articles of association of the Issuer and Sections 95 AktG, the Supervisory Board 
consists of six members. Pursuant to Section 96 AktG and the One-Third Participation Act (Drit-
telbeteiligungsgesetz – DrittelbeteiligungsG), four members of the Supervisory Board are elected 
by the general meeting and two by the employees of the Group being entitled participate in the 
vote. 
The table below lists the members of the Supervisory Board as of the date of the Base Prospectus:  
Name 
 
Position 
 
Principal activities outside the Group 
Olaf Borkers 
 
Chairperson 
 
none 
Eckhard Schultz 
 
Deputy 
 
none 
Gabriela Gryger 
 
Member 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board of 
Global Parks Poland Sp. z o.o. 
Prof. Dr. rer. pol. Kristin Wellner  
 
Member 
 
none 
Björn Eifler* 
 
Member 
 
none 
Beate Schulz* 
 
Member 
 
none 
*Employee repesentative 
The business address of all members of our Supervisory Board is Steckelhörn 5, 20457 Hamburg, 
Germany (telephone +49 40 380320). 
Under the Issuer’s articles of association, the Supervisory Board can form committees in accord-
ance with the law. The composition, powers and procedures of the committees will be established 
by the Supervisory Board. Where permitted under law, decision-making powers of the Supervisory 
Board may be conferred upon such committees. As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Super-
visory Board has formed an Audit Committee (Chairperson: Eckhard Schultz) and a Personnel 
Committee (Chairperson: Olaf Borkers).  
8.4 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no actual conflicts of interest and no potential conflicts of interest between the members 
of the Management Board and Supervisory Board as regards the Issuer on the one hand and their 
private interests, membership in governing bodies of companies, or other obligations on the other 
hand. 
8.5 
Corporate Governance 
The Code contains recommendations and suggestions for managing and monitoring listed compa-
nies in Germany. It is based on internationally and nationally recognised standards for good and 
responsible corporate governance. The purpose of the Code is to make the German corporate

--- Page 54 ---
54 
governance system transparent for investors. The current version of the Code was adopted on 
28 April 2022 and published in the German Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) on 27 June 2022. 
There is no legal obligation to comply with the recommendations or suggestions of the Code. How-
ever, the German Stock Corporation Act requires that the management board and the supervisory 
board of a German listed company either declare on an annual basis that the recommendations of 
the Code were and will be adhered to or state which recommendations were or will not be followed. 
This declaration must be available to shareholders on a constant basis. No disclosure is required 
when companies deviate from the suggestions in the Code. 
The Supervisory Board and the Management Board have adopted the following declaration of con-
formity (Entsprechenserklärung) in February 2023, and have made it available to shareholders. 
This declaration, as well as past declarations, is available on the Issuer's website (www.tag-
ag.com/en/investor-relations/creditor-relations) under the heading "Investor Relations – Corporate 
Governance": 
"The Management Board and the Supervisory Board declare that the recommendations 
of the German Corporate Governance Code, both in the version of 20 March 2020 and in 
the version of 27 June 2022 (“2022 Code”), have been and will be complied with, with the 
exception of recommendations C.5 and F.2, insofar as the latter relates to the interim 
reports for the first and third quarters of 2022 and the interim report for the first half of 
2022. 
Under Recommendation C.5, a member of the Supervisory Board who is also a member 
of the Management Board of a listed company may not hold more than two Supervisory 
Board mandates and may not accept the chairmanship of Supervisory Boards of non-
group listed companies. The Chairman of the Company’s Supervisory Board, Mr Rolf 
Elgeti, is Chairman of the Management Board of Deutsche Konsum REIT AG and Obo-
Tech Acquisition SE. He is a member of three Supervisory Boards or comparable domes-
tic or foreign boards of non-group listed companies. These activities by Mr Elgeti do not 
adversely affect the performance of his duties as Chairman of the Company’s Supervisory 
Board and have not done so at any point in the past. Nor are they are expected to do so 
in the future. Competence, expertise and many years of experience, including on other 
Supervisory Boards, are essential qualities for TAG Immobilien AG. Mr Elgeti possesses 
these qualities. The Company benefits from the fact that he is Chairman of the Supervi-
sory Board.  
Under Recommendation F.2, the mandatory interim financial information should be made 
publicly available within 45 days from the end of the reporting period. The Company did 
not publish the interim reports for the first and third quarters of 2022 or the interim report 
for the first half of 2022 within the recommended period due to the greater amount of time 
required for necessary consolidation accounting as a result of the integration of ROBYG 
S.A. It intends to adopt recommendation F.2 of the Code again from 2023." 
In May 2023, the Supervisory Board and the Management Board updated the declaration of con-
formity as follows: 
"Mr Rolf Elgeti resigned from the Supervisory Board of TAG Immobilien AG at the end of 
the Annual General Meeting on 16 May 2023. The declaration of deviation from recom-
mendation C.5, according to which a member of the Supervisory Board who is also a 
member of the Management Board of a listed company should not hold more than two 
Supervisory Board mandates and should not chair the Supervisory Board of listed com-
panies outside the Group, is therefore no longer relevant with regard to the person of Mr 
Elgeti. Recommendation C.5 is now followed.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Following the election by the Annual General Meeting on 16 May 2023, the Supervisory 
Board of TAG Immobilien AG consists of three members and is thus also the Audit Com-
mittee pursuant to Section 107 (4) sentence 2 AktG. Mr Olaf Borkers was elected Chair-
man of both the Supervisory Board and the Audit Committee at the constituent meeting 
of the Supervisory Board on 16 May 2023. With the departure of Mr Elgeti from the Su-
pervisory Board, Mr Borkers remains a member with special knowledge in the field of 
accounting and auditing. A further member with expertise in one or both areas is to be 
appointed as soon as possible. In view of the aforementioned knowledge of Mr Borkers 
from his many years as CFO of listed companies, the Supervisory Board, in agreement 
with the Management Board, considers it necessary to combine the two offices. For this 
reason, recommendation D.3 of GCGC 2022, according to which the Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board should not also chair the Audit Committee, is not followed. As soon as 
the committee has another member with the aforementioned financial expertise, the rec-
ommendation will be followed. 
The declaration of compliance from February 2023 remains otherwise unchanged." 
In November 2023, the Supervisory Board and the Management Board further updated the decla-
ration of conformity as follows: 
"I. Update of the Declaration of Conformity in its version dated May 2023 
At its meeting on 10 November 2023, the Supervisory Board elected Mr Borkers as Chair-
man of the Supervisory Board. The Board also elected Mr Schultz as Chairman of the 
Audit Committee. The declaration of deviation from recommendation D.3 of the GCGC 
2022 in May 2023, according to which the Chairman of the Supervisory Board should not 
also chair the Audit Committee, is no longer valid. Recommendation D.3 of the GCGC 
2022 is now followed. 
II. Submission of the declaration of compliance with the recommendations of GCGC 2022 
With the exception of the deviations communicated in the declarations from February and 
May 2023, the recommendations of GCGC 2022 were followed and will be followed in 
future." 
9. 
Historical Financial Information 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal years ended 31 Decem-
ber 2023 and 31 December 2022, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS and the additional 
requirements of Section 315e(1) HGB, with the auditor's reports (Bestätigungsvermerke) thereon 
of Deloitte, and the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for 
the six months ended 30 June 2024, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS applicable to 
interim financial reporting (IAS 34), with the review report (Bescheinigung nach prüferischer 
Durchsicht) thereon of Deloitte, are incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
9.1 
Presentation of Financial Information for the Issuer 
The Issuer's consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus 
have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and the additional requirements of Section 315e(1) 
HGB. The Issuer's interim consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference into the 
Base Prospectus, have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34. In the Issuer's interim consoli-
dated financial statements, the classification from the convertible bond and from the separately 
recognised put option was changed due to the first-time application of the amendments to IAS 1. 
The convertible bond and the put option are reported as current liabilities in the consolidated bal-
ance sheet as of 30 June 2024. In the consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2023,

--- Page 56 ---
56 
both liabilities were reported as non-current. Due to this change, the comparative consolidated bal-
ance sheet figures presented as of 31 December 2023 in the interim consolidated financial state-
ments were restated. 
The unaudited consolidated income statement information and the other financial information pre-
sented for the twelve months ended 30 June 2024 have been derived by subtracting the financial 
information for the six months ended 30 June 2023 from the financial information for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2023 and adding the financial information for the six months ended 
30 June 2024. The unaudited consolidated income statement information and the other financial 
information presented for the twelve months ended 30 June 2023 have been derived by subtracting 
the financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2022 from the financial information for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and adding the financial information for the six months 
ended 30 June 2023. The unaudited consolidated income statement information and the other fi-
nancial information presented for the twelve months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023 have been 
prepared for illustrative purposes only and are not necessarily representative of the Issuer's results 
of operations for any future period or its financial condition at any future date. This data has been 
prepared solely for the purpose of this Prospectus and has not been audited or reviewed. 
Certain numerical data, financial information and market data in the Base Prospectus are subject 
to rounding adjustments that were carried out according to customary commercial standards. As a 
result, the aggregate amounts herein may not correspond in all cases to the data contained in the 
underlying sources. A dash ("-") indicates that no data was reported for a specific line item in the 
relevant fiscal year or period, while a zero ("0") is used when the pertinent figure, after rounding, 
amounts to nil. 
Where financial information in the following tables is presented as "audited", it indicates that the 
financial information has been taken from the Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements. 
The label "unaudited" is used in the following tables to indicate financial information that (i) has 
been taken or derived from the Issuer's unaudited interim consolidated financial statements as of 
and for the six months ended 30 June 2024, (ii) has not been taken, but derived, from the Issuer's 
audited consolidated financial statements, (iii) has been taken or derived from the Issuer's account-
ing records or (iv) has been taken or derived from the Issuer's internal reporting systems. 
9.2 
Selected Financial Information for the Issuer 
The selected consolidated financial information below (including ratios) has been taken or derived 
from the Issuer's consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS and the Is-
suer's interim consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IAS 34. The below 
tables summarise the consolidated financial information as of and for each of the fiscal years ended 
31 December 2023 and 2022 and as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2024. Deloitte audited 
the consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2023 and 
the consolidated financial statements as of and the fiscal year ended 31 December 2022 and in 
each case issued an unqualified auditor's report (uneingeschränkter Bestätigungsvermerk) 
thereon. Deloitte reviewed the interim consolidated financial statements as of and for the six months 
ended 30 June 2024 and issued a review report (Bescheinigung nach prüferischer Durchsicht) 
thereon. 
The consolidated balance sheet figures as of 31 December 2023 have been taken from the Issuer's 
interim consolidated financial statements as the figures have been restated due to the first time 
application of the amendments of IAS 1. 
You should read this information together with the Issuer's consolidated financial statements and 
interim consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. Fur-
thermore, you should regard the selected financial and business data below only as an introduction 
and should base your investment decision on a review of the entire Base Prospectus.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
9.3 
Selected Consolidated Income Statement Data 
9.3.1 
Six months ended 30 June 2024 
 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
In EUR thousand, except per share amounts 
 
 
2024 
(unaudited) 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
Rental Income 
 
 
237,056 
 
234,730 
Impairment losses 
 
 
-2,115 
 
-2,089 
Rental expense 
 
 
-89,234 
 
-87,642 
Net Rental income 
 
 
145,708 
 
144,999 
Revenues from the sale of real estate 
 
 
212,256 
 
216,593 
Expenses on the sale of real estate 
 
 
-172,148 
 
-203,276 
Sales Result 
 
 
40,109 
 
13,317 
Revenue from Services 
 
 
40,241 
 
48,352 
Impairment losses 
 
 
-449 
 
-404 
Expenses from services 
 
 
-21,008 
 
-32,074 
Service result 
 
 
18,784 
 
15,874 
Other operating income 
 
 
8,036 
 
10,591 
Fair value changes in investment properties and 
valuation of properties held as inventory 
 
 
-134,757 
 
-455,530 
Personnel expense 
 
 
-44,910 
 
-42,114 
Depreciation / amortisation 
 
 
-6,126 
 
-5,662 
Other operating expense 
 
 
-15,909 
 
-14,627 
EBIT 
 
 
10,934 
 
-333,151 
Net income from investments 
 
 
5,196 
 
-4,815 
Interest income 
 
 
6,654 
 
1,541 
Interest expense 
 
 
-31,638 
 
-36,493 
EBT 
 
 
-8,854 
 
-372,918 
Income taxes 
 
 
1,730 
 
68,217 
Consolidated net income 
 
 
-7,124 
 
-304,701 
Earnings per share (in EUR) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Basic earnings per share 
 
 
-0.04 
 
-1.74 
 
Diluted earnings per share 
 
 
-0.04 
 
-1.77 
9.3.2 
Fiscal years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR thousand, except per share amounts 
 
 
2023 
(audited) 
 
2022 
(audited) 
Rental Income 
 
 
462,286 
 
453,866 
Impairment losses 
 
 
-5,688 
 
-4,933

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Rental expense 
 
 
-175,285 
 
-171,038 
Net Rental income 
 
 
281,314 
 
277,895 
Revenues from sale of real estate 
 
 
749,458 
 
418,830 
Expenses on the sale of real estate 
 
 
-674,649 
 
-383,441 
Sales Result 
 
 
74,809 
 
35,389 
Revenue from Services 
 
 
118,046 
 
82,206 
Impairment losses 
 
 
-997 
 
-920 
Expenses from services 
 
 
-84,212 
 
-52,696 
Service result 
 
 
32,837 
 
28,590 
Other operating income 
 
 
20,276 
 
20,187 
Fair value changes in investment properties and 
valuation of properties held as inventory 
 
 
-705,243 
 
-64,241 
Personnel expense 
 
 
-85,636 
 
-77,711 
Depreciation / amortisation 
 
 
-11,835 
 
-10,625 
Other operating expense 
 
 
-30,008 
 
-32,651 
EBIT 
 
 
-423,486 
 
176,833 
Net income from investments 
 
 
-13,655 
 
16,678 
Interest income 
 
 
6,562 
 
4,733 
Interest expense 
 
 
-72,583 
 
-54,037 
EBT 
 
 
-503,162 
 
144,207 
Income taxes 
 
 
92,223 
 
-26,928 
Consolidated net income 
 
 
-410,939 
 
117,279 
Earnings per share (in EUR) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Basic earnings per share 
 
 
-2.26 
 
0.71 
 
Diluted earnings per share 
 
 
-2.26 
 
0.63 
9.4 
Selected Consolidated Balance Sheet Data 
9.4.1 
As of 30 June 2024 
 
 
As of 30 June, 
In EUR thousand 
 
2024 
(unaudited) 
Non-current assets 
 
6,201,296 
Current assets 
 
979,089 
Non current assets held for sale 
 
66,378 
Total assets 
 
7,246,763 
Equity 
 
2,962,579 
Non-current liabilities 
 
2,904,474 
Current liabilities 
 
1.377,601 
Liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale 
 
2,109

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
9.4.2 
As of 31 December 2023 and 2022 
 
 
As of 31 December, 
In EUR thousand 
 
2023 
(unaudited)(1) 
 
2022 
(audited) 
Non-current assets 
 
6,368,844 
 
6,936,136 
Current assets 
 
923,422 
 
1,091,051 
Non current assets held for sale 
 
7,524 
 
187,417 
Total assets 
 
7,299,790 
 
8,214,604 
Equity 
 
2,964,493 
 
3,307,739 
Non-current liabilities 
 
3,114,811 
 
3,800,353 
Current liabilities 
 
1,220,486 
 
1,106,512 
(1) 
Figures taken from the Issuer's interim consolidated financial statements. 
9.5 
Selected Consolidated Cash Flow Statement Data 
9.5.1 
Six months ended 30 June 2024 
 
 
 
Six months ended  
30 June 
In EUR thousand  
 
 
2024 
(unaudited) 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
Cash flow from operating activities 
 
 
125,729 
 
53,345 
Cash flow from investing activities 
 
 
-40,940 
 
80,644 
Cash flow from financing activities 
 
 
-60,107 
 
-276,555 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period  
 
152,797 
 
100,048 
9.5.2 
Fiscal years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR thousand  
 
 
2023 
(audited) 
 
2022 
(audited) 
Cash flow from operating activities 
 
 
291,939 
 
133,561 
Cash flow from investing activities 
 
 
117,891 
 
-561,231 
Cash flow from financing activities 
 
 
-529,405 
 
573,513 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period  
 
127,398 
 
238,690 
9.6 
Selected Non-GAAP Measures 
The following alternative performance measures and other financial information set out in the tables 
below include financial measures that are not defined by IFRS or any other GAAP (Non-GAAP 
Measures). The Issuer believes this information, along with comparable IFRS measurements, is 
useful to investors as it provides a basis for assessing TAG's performance, payment obligations 
related to performance-based compensation as well as its compliance with covenants.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
However, the performance measures are not recognised as line items under IFRS and should not 
be considered as substitutes for figures on net assets, result before taxes, net earnings, cash flow 
from operating activities or other income statement, cash flow or balance sheet data, as determined 
in accordance with IFRS, or as indicators of profitability or liquidity. The performance measures do 
not necessarily indicate whether cash flow will be sufficient or available for TAG's cash require-
ments, nor whether any such measure is indicative of TAG's historical operating results. The per-
formance measures are not meant to be indicative of future results. Because not all companies 
calculate these performance measures in the same way, the Issuer's presentation of the perfor-
mance measures is not necessarily comparable with similarly-titled measures used by other com-
panies. 
The following table presents a summary for certain performance indicators for the periods pre-
sented: 
9.6.1 
Six months ended 30 June 2024 
 
 
 
For the six months ended 
30 June 
(unless stated otherwise) 
In 
EUR 
millions, 
except 
where 
otherwise  
specified 
 
 
2024 
(unaudited) 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
Net rent(1) 
 
 
178.2 
 
174.1 
Adjusted EBITDA – total rental business(2) 
 
 
120.1 
 
121.8 
Adjusted EBITDA – sales Poland(3) 
 
 
38.9 
 
32.9 
Adjusted EBITDA – total 
 
 
158.2 
 
154.1 
Adjusted net income from sales Poland (segment result 
sales Poland)(4) 
 
 
34.1 
 
23.2 
FFO I(5) 
 
 
88.1 
 
89.1 
FFO I per share (in EUR)(6) 
 
 
0.50 
 
0.51 
FFO II(7) 
 
 
121.4 
 
111.6 
FFO II per share (in EUR)(8) 
 
 
0.69 
 
0.64 
AFFO(9) 
 
 
52.6 
 
48.7 
EPRA NTA per share (in EUR)(10) 
 
 
18.33 
 
18.93 
Loan to Value (LTV) (in %)(11) 
 
 
46.6 
 
47.5 
Net Financial Debt/adjusted EBITDA – total(12) 
 
 
9.0x 
 
10.1x 
(1) 
TAG defines net rent as rental income (as shown in the consolidated income statement) less (i) costs re-charged 
to tenants according to IFRS 15 and (ii) pro rata remuneration of property tax and building insurance: 
 
 
For the six months ended 
30 June 
In EUR million 
 
2024 
(unaudited) 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
Rental income 
 
237.1 
 
234.7 
Costs re-charged to tenants according to IFRS 15 
 
47.0 
 
48.5 
Pro rata remuneration of property tax and building insurance 
 
2.9 
 
3.2 
External operational- and ancillary-costs re-charged to tenants   
44.0 
 
45.3

--- Page 61 ---
61 
Rental income according to IFRS 16 
 
190.1 
 
186.2 
Pro rata remuneration of property tax and building insurance 
 
11.9 
 
12.1 
Net rent  
 
178.2 
 
174.1 
(2) 
TAG defines adjusted EBITDA – total rental business as EBIT Germany plus EBIT Poland (rental), adjusted for 
(i) valuation result, (ii) depreciation and (iii) sales results. The following table shows the reconciliation of EBIT Ger-
many, which TAG believes to be the most directly comparable IFRS financial measure, to adjusted EBITDA – total 
rental business: 
 
 
For the six months ended 
30 June 
In EUR million 
 
2024 
(unaudited) 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
EBIT Germany(a) 
 
-35.2 
 
-357.8 
EBIT Poland (rental) 
 
14.4 
 
2.8 
EBIT Germany and Poland rental 
 
-20.7 
 
-355.0 
Adjustments 
 
 
 
 
Valuation result (rental) 
 
134.8 
 
471.2 
Depreciation (rental) 
 
5.3 
 
4.9 
Sales result 
 
0.8 
 
0.7 
Adjusted EBITDA – total rental business(b) 
 
120.1 
 
121.8 
(a) 
EBIT Germany is calculated as follows: 
 
 
For the six months ended 
30 June 
In EUR million 
 
2024 
(unaudited) 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
EBIT 
 
10.9 
 
-333.2 
EBIT Poland – Sales 
 
31.7 
 
21.8 
EBIT Poland (rental) 
 
14.4 
 
2.8 
EBIT Germany 
 
-35.2 
 
-357.8 
(b) 
Adjusted EBITDA – total rental business is the sum of (i) adjusted EBITDA (Rental Germany) and (ii) ad-
justed EBITDA (Rental Poland). 
(3) 
TAG defines adjusted EBITDA – sales Poland as EBIT Poland – Sales, adjusted for (i) result of effects from 
purchase price allocation, (ii) depreciation and (iii) results from joint ventures. The following table shows the recon-
ciliation of TAG's EBIT Poland – Sales, which TAG believes to be the most directly comparable IFRS financial 
measure, to adjusted EBITDA – sales Poland: 
 
 
For the six months ended 
30 June 
In EUR million 
 
2024 
(unaudited) 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
EBIT Poland – Sales 
 
31.7 
 
21.8 
Adjustments 
 
 
 
 
Result of effects from purchase price allocation 
 
6.3 
 
26.0 
Valuation result 
 
- 
 
-15.6

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Depreciation (sales) 
 
0.8 
 
0.8 
Results from joint ventures 
 
0.1 
 
- 
Adjusted EBITDA – sales Poland 
 
38.9 
 
32.9 
(4) 
Adjusted net income from sales Poland (segment result – sales Poland) is the sum of adjusted EBITDA – sales 
Poland and (i) net financial result, (ii) cash taxes and (iii) minority interests. 
 
 
For the six months ended 
30 June 
In EUR million 
 
2024 
(unaudited) 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
Adjusted EBITDA – sales Poland 
 
38.9 
 
32.9 
Net financial result (sales) 
 
3.1 
 
-0.9 
Cash taxes (sales) 
 
-8.1 
 
-8.1 
Minority interests 
 
0.2 
 
-0.8 
Adjusted net income from sales Poland (Segment result – 
sales Poland) 
 
34.1 
 
23.2 
(5) 
Funds from operations I (FFO I) is an indicator of available cash flow from operating activities in Germany. FFO I 
is calculated based on the Group's adjusted EBITDA – total rental business, adjusted for net finance income (cash, 
after one offs), and then deducting income taxes (cash) and guarantee dividends minorities. Net finance income 
(cash, after one-offs) is calculated based on interest income less interest expenses plus/less other financial income 
(e.g. dividends received from investments). 
 
 
For the six months ended 
30 June 
In EUR million 
 
2024 
(unaudited) 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
Adjusted EBITDA – total rental business(a) 
 
120.1 
  
121.8 
Net finance income (cash, after one-offs) 
 
-25.8 
  
-29.7 
Income taxes (cash) 
 
-5.7 
  
-2.5 
Guarantee dividend minorities 
 
-0.5 
  
-0.5 
FFO I 
 
88.1 
  
89.1 
a) 
Adjusted EBITDA – total rental business is the sum of (i) adjusted EBITDA (Rental Germany) and (ii) ad-
justed EBITDA (Rental Poland). 
(6) 
FFO I per share is calculated by dividing FFO I by the weighted number of outstanding shares for the period. 
(7) 
FFO II is based on FFO I and additionally takes into account net income from sales in Germany and the adjusted 
net income from sales Poland. 
 
 
For the six months ended 
30 June 
In EUR million 
 
2024 
(unaudited) 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
FFO I 
 
88.1 
  
89.1 
Net income from sales Germany (segment result – other) 
 
-0.8 
  
-0.7 
Adjusted net income from sales Poland* 
 
34.1 
  
23.2 
FFO II (FFO I + net income from sales) 
 
121.4 
  
111.6

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
* Excluding effects from the purchase price allocation. 
(8) 
FFO II per share is calculated by dividing FFO II by the weighted number of outstanding shares for the period. 
(9) 
Adjusted funds from operations (AFFO) is based on FFO I, but minus (i) capitalised maintenance and (ii) mod-
ernisation capex. 
 
 
For the six months ended 
30 June 
In EUR million 
 
2024 
(unaudited) 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
FFO I 
 
88.1 
  
89.1 
Capitalised maintenance 
 
-5.5 
  
-4.5 
AFFO before modernisation capex 
 
82.6 
  
84.6 
Modernisation capex 
 
-30.0 
  
-35.9 
AFFO 
 
52.6 
  
48.7 
(10) 
EPRA NTA per share is based on consolidated equity attributable to the equity holders of the parent company, 
adjusted for (i) deferred taxes on investment properties and derivative financial instruments, (iii) the fair value of 
derivative financial instruments, (iv) the difference between fair value and book value of properties valued at cost, 
(v) goodwill and (vi) other intangible assets, divided by the fully diluted number of shares outstanding at the balance 
sheet date. 
 
 
For the six months ended 
30 June 
In EUR million 
 
2024 
(unaudited) 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
Equity attributable to the equity holders of the parent com-
pany 
 
2,884,4 
  
2,957.6 
Deferred taxes on investment properties and derivative finan-
cial instruments 
 
540.6 
  
554.7 
Fair value of derivative financial instruments 
 
8.2 
  
-3.0 
Difference between fair value and book value of properties val-
ued at cost 
 
70.6 
  
91.8 
Goodwill 
 
-283.9 
  
-275.6 
Other intangible assets 
 
-3.7 
  
-4.5 
EPRA NTA (fully diluted) 
 
3,216.2 
  
3,321.0 
Number of shares outstanding (diluted, in thousand) 
 
175,483 
  
175,442 
EPRA NTA per share (fully diluted) 
 
18,33 
  
18.93 
(11) 
Loan to Value (LTV) represents a debt ratio defined as net financial debt (the sum of liabilities to banks, liabilities 
from corporate bonds and other loans and liabilities from convertible bonds, less cash and cash equivalents) relative 
to real estate volume (including book value of property for which purchase prices have already been paid in advance, 
share in Joint-Ventures including loans and difference between fair value and book value for properties valued at 
cost).

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
As of 
In 
EUR 
million, 
except 
where 
otherwise  
specified 
 
30 June 
2024 
(unaudited) 
 
31 Decem-
ber 2023 
(unaudited) 
Liabilities to banks 
 
2,353.3 
 
2,290.3 
Liabilities from corporate bonds and other loans 
 
417.4 
 
523.9 
Liabilities from convertible bonds 
 
464.9 
 
463.5 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
-149.0 
 
-128.6 
Net financial debt 
 
3,086.6 
 
3,149.0 
Investment properties 
 
5,763.5 
 
5,935.3 
Property reported under property, plant and equipment  
 
2.1 
 
2.0 
Property held as inventory 
 
666.0 
 
629.6 
Property reported under non-current assets held for sale 
 
66.4 
 
7.5 
Real estate volume (book value) 
 
6,498.0 
 
6,574.4 
Book value of property for which purchase prices have already 
been paid in advance 
 
-28.1 
 
-3.8 
Difference between fair value and book value for properties 
valued at cost 
 
97.7 
 
75.7 
Share in Joint-Ventures including loans 
 
56.0 
 
58.9 
Relevant real estate volume for LTV calculation 
 
6,623.6 
 
6,705.2 
LTV in % 
 
46.6 
 
47.0 
(12) 
Net financial debt/adjusted EBITDA – total is based on net financial debt divided by adjusted EBITDA – total. 
 
 
 
For the twelve months 
ended 30 June 
In EUR million 
 
2024 
(unaudited) 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
Net financial debt (as of 30 June 2024 and 2023) 
 
3,086.6 
 
3413.1 
Adjusted EBITDA – total rental business(1) 
 
234.6(2)  
 
237.7(3) 
Adjusted EBITDA – sales Poland 
 
106.6(2) 
 
99.6(3) 
Adjusted EBITDA – total 
 
342.3 
  
337.3 
Net financial debt/adjusted EBITDA – total 
 
9.0x 
 
10.1x 
(1) 
Adjusted EBITDA – total rental business is the sum of (i) adjusted EBITDA (Rental Germany) 
and (ii) adjusted EBITDA (Rental Poland). 
(2) 
The unaudited consolidated income statement information and the other financial information 
presented for the twelve months ended 30 June 2024 have been derived by subtracting the 
financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2023 from the financial information for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2023 and adding the financial information for the six 
months ended 30 June 2024. 
(3) 
The unaudited consolidated income statement information and the other financial information 
presented for the twelve months ended 30 June 2023 have been derived by subtracting the 
financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2022 from the financial information for

--- Page 65 ---
65 
the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and adding the financial information for the six 
months ended 30 June 2023. 
9.6.2 
Fiscal years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In 
EUR 
millions, 
except 
where 
otherwise  
specified 
 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
 
2022 
(unaudited) 
Net rent(1) 
 
 
350.8 
 
339.9 
Adjusted EBITDA – total rental business(2) 
 
 
236.4 
 
233.5 
Adjusted EBITDA – sales Poland(3) 
 
 
100.6 
 
80.8 
Adjusted net income from sales Poland (segment result 
– sales Poland)(4) 
 
 
82.8 
 
59.3 
FFO I(5) 
 
 
171.7 
 
189.4 
FFO I per share (in EUR)(6) 
 
 
0.98 
 
1.19 
FFO II(7) 
 
 
255.6 
 
247.3 
FFO II per share (in EUR)(8) 
 
 
1.46 
 
1.56 
AFFO(9) 
 
 
85.6 
 
102.8 
EPRA NTA per share (in EUR)(10) 
 
 
18.31 
 
20.74 
Loan to Value (LTV) (in %)(11) 
 
 
47.0 
 
46.7 
Interest Cover Ratio (ICR)(12) 
 
 
5.8x 
 
7.4x 
Net Financial Debt/adjusted EBITDA – total(13) 
 
 
9.3x 
 
11.3x 
(1) 
Audited. TAG defines net rent as rental income (as shown in the consolidated income statement) less (i) costs re-
charged to tenants according to IFRS 15 and (ii) pro rata remuneration of property tax and building insurance: 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2023 
(audited) 
 
2022 
(audited) 
Rental income 
 
462.3 
 
453.9 
Costs re-charged to tenants according to IFRS 15 
 
93.3 
 
97.3 
Pro rata remuneration of property tax and building insurance 
 
4.6 
 
4.5 
External operational- and ancillary-costs re-charged to tenants   
88.7 
 
92.8 
Rental income according to IFRS 16 
 
369.0 
 
356.6 
Pro rata remuneration of property tax and building insurance 
 
18.1 
 
16.6 
Net rent  
 
350.8 
 
339.9 
(2) 
TAG defines adjusted EBITDA – total rental business as EBIT Germany plus EBIT Poland (rental), adjusted for 
(i) valuation result, (ii) depreciation, (iii) one-offs and (iv) segment result – other. The following table shows the 
reconciliation of EBIT Germany, which TAG believes to be the most directly comparable IFRS financial measure, to 
adjusted EBITDA – total rental business:

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
 
2022 
(unaudited) 
EBIT Germany(a) 
 
-512.8 
 
118.0 
EBIT Poland (rental) 
 
22.1 
 
0.0 
EBIT Germany and Poland rental 
 
-490.7 
 
118.0 
Adjustments 
 
 
 
 
Valuation result (rental) 
 
717.9 
 
97.3 
Depreciation (rental) 
 
10.2 
 
9.4 
One-off’s 
 
0.0 
 
7.3 
Segment result – other 
 
-1.1 
 
1.4 
Adjusted EBITDA – total rental business(b) 
 
236.4 
 
233.5 
 
(a) 
EBIT Germany is calculated as follows: 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2023 
(unaudited, 
unless 
stated 
otherwise) 
 
2022 
(unaudited, 
unless 
stated 
otherwise) 
EBIT (audited) 
 
-423.5 
 
176.8 
EBIT Poland – Sales 
 
67.2 
 
58.8 
EBIT Poland (rental) 
 
22.1 
 
0.0 
EBIT Germany(a) 
 
-512.8 
 
118.0 
(b) 
Adjusted EBITDA – total rental business is the sum of (i) adjusted EBITDA (Rental Germany) and (ii) ad-
justed EBITDA (Rental Poland). 
(3) 
TAG defines adjusted EBITDA – sales Poland as EBIT Poland, adjusted for (i) result of effects from purchase 
price allocation, (ii) valuation result, (iii) depreciation and (iv) results from joint ventures. The following table shows 
the reconciliation of TAG's EBIT Poland, which TAG believes to be the most directly comparable IFRS financial 
measure, to adjusted EBITDA – sales Poland: 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
 
2022 
(unaudited) 
EBIT Poland – Sales 
 
67.2 
 
58.8 
Adjustments 
 
 
 
 
Result of effects from purchase price allocation 
 
36.8 
 
53.9 
Valuation result (sales) 
 
-12.7 
 
-33.1 
Depreciation (sales) 
 
1.6 
 
1.2 
Results from joint ventures* 
 
7.7 
 
0.0 
Adjusted EBITDA – sales Poland 
 
100.6 
 
80.8

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
* Excluding effects from the purchase price allocation. 
(4) 
Segment result – sales Poland is the sum of adjusted EBITDA – sales Poland and (i) net financial result, (ii) cash 
taxes and (iii) minority interests. 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
 
2022 
(unaudited) 
Adjusted EBITDA – sales Poland 
 
100.6 
 
80.8 
Net financial result (sales) 
 
1.2 
 
-3.2 
Cash taxes (sales) 
 
-18.4 
 
-15.0 
Minority interests 
 
-0.6 
 
-3.3 
Segment result – sales Poland 
 
82.8 
 
59.3 
(5) 
Funds from operations I (FFO I) is an indicator of available cash flow from operating activities in Germany. FFO I 
is calculated based on the Group's adjusted EBITDA – total rental business, adjusted for net finance income (cash, 
after one offs), and then deducting income taxes (cash) and guarantee dividend minorities. Net finance income 
(cash, after one-offs) is calculated based on interest income less interest expenses plus/less other financial income 
(e.g. dividends received from investments). 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
 
2022 
(unaudited) 
Adjusted EBITDA – total rental business(a) 
 
236,4 
 
233.5 
Net finance income (cash, after one-offs) 
 
-59.7 
 
-41.9 
Income taxes (cash) 
 
-3.9 
 
-1.0 
Guarantee dividend minorities 
 
-1.1 
 
-1.2 
FFO I 
 
171.7 
 
189.4 
(a) 
Adjusted EBITDA – total rental business is the sum of (i) adjusted EBITDA (Rental Germany) and (ii) ad-
justed EBITDA (Rental Poland). 
(6) 
FFO I per share is calculated by dividing FFO I by the weighted number of outstanding shares for the period. 
(7) 
FFO II is based on FFO I and additionally takes into account net income from sales in Germany (segment result – 
other) and the adjusted net income from sales Poland (segment result – sales Poland)*. 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
 
2022 
(unaudited) 
FFO I 
 
171.7 
 
189.4 
Net income from sales Germany (segment result – other) 
 
1.1 
 
-1.4 
Adjusted net income from sales Poland (segment result – 
sales Poland)* 
 
82.8 
 
59.3 
FFO II (FFO I + net income from sales) 
 
255.6 
 
247.3 
 
* Excluding effects from the purchase price allocation. 
(8) 
FFO II per share is calculated by dividing FFO II by the weighted number of outstanding shares for the period.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
(9) 
Adjusted funds from operations (AFFO) is based on FFO I, but minus (i) capitalised maintenance and (ii) mod-
ernisation capex. 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
 
2022 
(unaudited) 
FFO I 
 
171.7 
 
189.4 
Capitalised maintenance 
 
-20.0 
 
-17.2 
AFFO before modernisation capex 
 
151.7 
 
172.2 
Modernisation capex 
 
-66.1 
 
-69.4 
AFFO 
 
85.6 
 
102.8 
(10) 
EPRA NTA per share is based on consolidated equity attributable to the equity holders of the parent company, 
adjusted for (i) deferred taxes on investment properties and derivative financial instruments, (iii) the fair value of 
derivative financial instruments, (iv) the difference between fair value and book value of properties valued at cost, 
(v) goodwill and (vi) other intangible assets, divided by the fully diluted number of shares outstanding at the balance 
sheet date. 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2023 
(unaudited, 
unless 
stated oth-
erwise) 
 
2022 
(unaudited, 
unless 
stated oth-
erwise) 
Equity attributable to the equity holders of the parent com-
pany(a) 
 
2,885.2 
 
3,198,5 
Deferred taxes on investment properties and derivative finan-
cial instruments(b) 
 
550.8 
 
638.6 
Fair value of derivative financial instruments 
 
10.1 
 
-6.1 
Difference between fair value and book value of properties val-
ued at cost(b) 
 
51.9 
 
74.1 
Goodwill(a) 
 
-281.8 
 
-261.3 
Other intangible assets(a) 
 
-4.1 
 
-4.9 
EPRA NTA 
 
3,212.1 
 
3,638.8 
Number of shares outstanding (diluted, in thousand) 
 
175,444 
 
175,442 
EPRA NTA per share 
 
18.31 
 
20.74 
(a) 
Audited. 
(b) 
Deferred taxes on derivative financial instruments as well as deferred taxes and minority interests are taken 
into account when determining the hidden reserves on property, plant and equipment and inventories. 
(11) 
Loan to Value (LTV) represents a debt ratio defined as net financial debt (the sum of liabilities to banks, liabilities 
from corporate bonds and other loans and liabilities from convertible bonds, less cash and cash equivalents) relative 
to real estate volume (including book value of property for which purchase prices have already been paid in advance, 
share in Joint-Ventures including loans and difference between fair value and book value for properties valued at 
cost).

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
As of 31 December, 
In EUR million, except where otherwise specified 
 
2023 
(unaudited, 
unless 
stated oth-
erwise) 
 
2022 
(unaudited, 
unless 
stated oth-
erwise) 
Liabilities to banks 
 
2,290.3 
 
2,522.0 
Liabilities from corporate bonds and other loans 
 
523.9 
 
798.6 
Liabilities from convertible bonds 
 
463.5 
 
460.6 
Cash and cash equivalents(a) 
 
-128.6 
 
-240.5 
Net financial debt 
 
3,149.0 
 
3,540.8 
Investment properties(a) 
 
5,935.3 
 
6,569.9 
Property reported under property, plant and equipment(a) 
 
2.0 
 
9.9 
Property held as inventory(a) 
 
629.6 
 
714.2 
Property reported under non-current assets held for sale(a) 
 
7.5 
 
187.4 
Real estate volume (book value) 
 
6,574.4 
 
7,481.4 
Book value of property for which purchase prices have already 
been paid in advance 
 
-3.8 
 
0.0 
Share in Joint-Ventures including loans 
 
58.9 
 
0.0 
Difference between fair value and book value for properties 
valued at cost 
 
75.7 
 
108.4 
Relevant real estate volume for LTV calculation 
 
6,705.2 
 
7,589.8 
LTV in % 
 
47.0 
 
46.7 
(a) 
Audited 
(12) 
Interest Cover Ratio (ICR) is based on the sum of adjusted EBITDA – total rental business and adjusted EBITDA 
– sales Poland, divided by net finance income (without one-time invoice). 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
 
2022 
(unaudited) 
Adjusted EBITDA – total rental business(a) 
 
236.4 
 
233.5 
Adjusted EBITDA – sales Poland 
 
100.6 
 
80.8 
Adjusted EBITDA – other 
 
1.1 
 
-1.4 
Adjusted EBITDA – total 
 
338.1 
 
312.8 
Net finance income (cash, without one-time invoice) 
 
-58.4 
 
-42.7 
ICR 
 
5.8x 
 
7.4x 
(a) 
Adjusted EBITDA – total rental business is the sum of (i) adjusted EBITDA – Rental Germany and (ii) ad-
justed EBITDA – Rental Poland.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
(13) 
Net financial debt/adjusted EBITDA – total is based on net financial debt divided by adjusted EBITDA – total. 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
 
2022 
(unaudited) 
Net financial debt 
 
3,149.0 
 
3,540.8 
Adjusted EBITDA – total 
 
338.1 
 
312.8 
Net financial debt/adjusted EBITDA – total 
 
9.3x 
 
11.3x

--- Page 71 ---
71 
10. 
Trend Information and Significant Changes 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 
2023. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 30 June 
2024. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group Since 30 June 2024. 
11. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Please refer to "IV BUSINESS OF THE GROUP – 8. Governmental, Legal or Administrative Pro-
ceedings" below. 
12. 
Material Contracts 
Please refer to "IV BUSINESS OF THE GROUP – 9. Material Contracts" below. 
13. 
Recent Events 
There were no recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of the Issuer's solvency. 
14. 
Rating 
Moody's1 2 has assigned a long-term issuer rating of "Baa3"3 (investment grade) with a stable out-
look and a Prime-3 (P-3) short-term issuer rating to the Issuer. The Issuer also received a long-
term investment grade rating of "BBB-"4 with a stable outlook and a short-term rating of A-3 from 
S&P5. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time by the relevant rating agency. 
 
 
 
1  Moody's Deutschland GmbH is established in Germany and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agen-
cies, as amended (CRA Regulation). 
2  ESMA publishes on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) a 
list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within 
five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The 
European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 
30 days following such update. 
3  According to Moody's: "Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate 
credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody's appends numerical mod-
ifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification […]; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower 
end of that generic rating category." 
4  S&P defines "BBB" as follows: "An obligor rated 'BBB' has an adequate capacity to meet financial commit-
ments, but more subject to adverse economic conditions. The ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified 
by the addition of a plus (+) or (-) sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories." 
5   S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in Ireland and is registered under the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
IV. 
BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
1. 
Overview 
TAG is a real estate company based in Hamburg that focuses on the residential property sector. 
The properties of TAG and its subsidiaries are spread across various regions in Northern and East-
ern Germany and North Rhine-Westphalia, and since the year 2020 also in Poland, where the 
business model includes sales activities in addition to the development and management of a res-
idential property portfolio. 
TAG's business is currently separated in the segments "Rental Germany", "Rental Poland", "Sales 
Poland" and "Other". The "Rental German" segment includes the business of renting residential 
real estate units in Germany as well as the business activities attributable to TAG's German internal 
service companies. "Rental Poland" includes letting activities, the development of residential prop-
erties intended for letting in the future as well as sales from services provided in connection with 
letting in Poland. The "Sales Poland" segment comprises the sale of flats and the development of 
properties (new construction activity) for subsequent sale in Poland. The "Other" segment mainly 
comprises sales activities in Germany, which take place in the context of opportunities. 
TAG's business model is primarily based on the long-term renting of residential real estate units. In 
Germany, TAG holds a diversified portfolio of residential real estate which is situated largely in 
attractive locations in Northern Germany (Hamburg and Salzgitter region), the Berlin region, other 
states in former Eastern Germany, and North Rhine-Westphalia (Rhine-Ruhr region). TAG consid-
ers itself a specialist for affordable housing which appeals to large sections of the population. In its 
own view, TAG's residential real estate holdings in Germany constitute a solid and attractive port-
folio which generates a strong rental income. TAG is among the largest owners of residential prop-
erties in Eastern Germany. 
TAG expanded its business operations to Poland in January 2020 through the acquisition of Van-
tage and further strengthened its operations in Poland through the acquisition of ROBYG in March 
2022 (for more details, see "3.1.4 Development of the Real Estate Portfolio in Poland" below). 
TAG's business activities in Poland comprise, in particular, the development of real estate intended 
for rental in the future as well as the development and sale of real estate units. The rental flat 
portfolio is held and managed by Vantage, while sales projects are implemented and construction 
activities are mainly carried out with ROBYG. TAG's strategy in Poland focuses on new construction 
projects in "A cities" with favourable population trends, proximity to universities, and a well-devel-
oped infrastructure. TAG is among the largest residential landlords in Poland (source: Knight Frank 
& Dentons, RE: BTR build-to-rent living sector – 2024). 
As of 30 June 2024, TAG managed around 84,400 residential units in Germany (31 December 
2023: around 84,700) and around 2,600 completed residential rental units in Poland (31 December 
2023: around 2,400). 
As of 30 June 2024, the book value of TAG's real estate portfolio (Gross Asset Value, GAV) 
amounted to EUR 6,498.0 million (31 December 2023: EUR 6,574.4 million), out of which 
EUR 5,323.2 million (31 December 2023: EUR 5,442.9 million) refers to the German portfolio and 
EUR 1,174.8 million (31 December 2023: EUR 1,131.5 million) refers to the Polish portfolio.  
2. 
Principal Business Activities 
TAG's principal business activities can be described as follows:

--- Page 73 ---
73 
2.1 
Asset and Portfolio Management 
TAG's core business is the management of its residential portfolio in order to increase its value. 
Asset and portfolio management includes the acquisition, management and development of resi-
dential real estate units, as well as supply management, organisational management and financial 
management. TAG's asset and portfolio management is based on a fully integrated platform with a 
lean and decentralised organisation. In TAG's view, local presence is a key element of its approach 
to ensure deep local market knowledge and efficient operation of assets.  
TAG continuously monitors the regional real estate markets in which it operates for opportunities 
to enhance the value of its portfolio by purchasing individual properties, real estate portfolios or 
sub-portfolios, and by acquiring real estate companies. In this context, TAG analyses the real estate 
portfolios of other market participants for added value and appreciation potential and, in suitable 
cases, enters into contractual negotiations with these parties to acquire financially worthwhile ad-
ditional properties (see also "3.1 Portfolio Management Strategy" below).  
Through its activities in Poland, TAG is also active in the project development business. This in-
cludes the acquisition of land and the construction of newly built residential units. TAG operates as 
a general contractor for these construction projects, including a team of in-house engineers and 
supervisors, but using external work force. 
In addition, TAG continuously analyses the opportunities for realising the potential for regular rent 
increases, rent increases by modernising its portfolio and reducing vacancy rates in its properties, 
especially in the German market. Modernisation activities to increase rents and to reduce vacancy 
include all activities to improve the fittings in apartments in order to update them, such as insulation 
work and other work that may reduce the energy consumption of apartments, as well as the re-
placement of elements of fittings in apartments which are outdated, such as installing new plumbing 
fixtures and new heating systems. Furthermore, modernisation activities include all activities in-
tended to fundamentally improve the building stock and during which vacant apartments are delib-
erately accepted. 
In preparation for all modernisation activities, TAG performs detailed cost-benefit analyses in order 
to determine whether the required investments can be recovered with a profit from the realisable 
increases in value. For modernisation work in Germany, TAG exclusively commissions third-party 
contractors who provide high-quality services and exhibit a favourable price-performance ratio. In 
this context, TAG limits its involvement to coordinating and monitoring the modernisation and ren-
ovation activities. 
2.2 
Property Management 
Property management means the administration of TAG's property portfolio. This comprises the 
renting of apartments that have been vacated as well as entering into and managing leases. An-
other part of property management is active rent and receivables management. This includes the 
continuous monitoring and auditing of incoming payments to rent and security deposit accounts, 
the collecting of outstanding receivables using payment reminders and legal action, as well as bill-
ing operating costs and bookkeeping. Finally, leases are terminated in some cases if this step is 
required to ensure the quality and profitability of the leased objects through a constant flow of rental 
income.  
Property management also includes housing-related services. All key property management func-
tions are performed by TAG's own employees. In addition, caretaker services and selected crafts-
man services are provided for the Company's own portfolio. In the case of more comprehensive 
repairs, this work is performed by third-party contractors who are commissioned and supervised by 
TAG. Energy management is bundled in a subsidiary and includes the commercial supply of heat

--- Page 74 ---
74 
in TAG's own portfolios with the aim of optimising energy management. Furthermore, TAG provides 
services in the field of homeowner association management (condominium management). 
TAG's activities in the property management also comprise regular analyses of the regional rental 
markets in which its portfolio properties are located for the purpose of identifying potential for rent 
increases. 
3. 
Strategy 
3.1 
Portfolio Management Strategy 
TAG's primary objective is to increase its enterprise value by sustainably increasing the value of its 
residential portfolio. 
3.1.1 
Investment Strategy in Germany 
TAG's strategy for the investment in residential real estate is based on the following decision crite-
ria: 
• 
Focus on residential real estate: In Germany, TAG exclusively invests in residential real 
estate, including smaller commercial properties usually found in larger residential portfo-
lios.  
• 
Knowledge of local market: Within Germany, TAG almost exclusively invests in regions 
where it already manages assets. This approach allows TAG to utilise existing manage-
ment structures. In addition, TAG believes that local market knowledge is essential when 
acquiring new portfolios.  
• 
Location of property ("ABBA strategy"): TAG analyses the property's location, its de-
velopment and traffic connections as well as its placement in a region with a constant or 
expanding population or regional demand for living space. In Germany, TAG pursues the 
"ABBA strategy", which means that it invests in A locations in B cities, and B locations in 
A cities. Therefore, TAG primarily invests in property located in medium-size cities and in 
the vicinity of large metropolises. In TAG's view, these locations offer a greater potential 
for growth and better yield opportunities compared to investments in real estate in large 
cities. Smaller and medium-sized cities are also benefiting from the disproportionately 
high demand for housing in the metropolises, where affordable housing in particular is 
becoming scarce. Many people are moving to the outskirts of large cities or to the centres 
of medium-sized cities in order to live in attractive yet affordable accommodation. Even if 
rents in B locations and B cities do not match the top locations Germany in absolute terms, 
TAG believes that the achievable yield, i.e. the ratio of the expected rent or the expected 
funds from operations (FFO I) to the purchase price or the equity capital employed, is a 
key criterion when assessing the advantageousness of an investment. In TAG's view, 
B locations and B cities offer a significantly better risk/return profile. 
• 
Condition and construction year of a property: TAG determines the condition of the 
property. This involves evaluating its structural condition and, if necessary, determining 
and pricing required modernisation and renovation projects and estimating the costs as-
sociated with urgent renovation needs. 
• 
Rental status and tenant structure: As part of its analysis, TAG evaluates the rental 
income and tenant structure and determines the prospects for reducing the number of 
vacancies and for increasing rents.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
In addition to these criteria, the profitability calculations determined as part of business plans and 
forecasts are a key criterion for purchase decisions. 
3.1.2 
Active Asset Management 
TAG sees internal growth in its German portfolio as one main driver. TAG believes that its German 
portfolio offers stable cashflows with moderate capex requirements due to strong underlying fun-
damentals. It pursues an active asset management, which allows to grow rents and increase prop-
erty values. TAG aims to lift and realise value potential via vacancy reduction and selective invest-
ment of capex. Therefore, higher vacancy rates at the time of purchase are not an obstacle to 
investment, as long as they are not structural in nature. TAG aims to reduce vacancies through 
targeted investments and asset-management concepts. In the six month ended 30 June 2024, TAG 
had maintenance investments in the amount of EUR 3.9 per square meter (2023: EUR 7.7; 2022: 
EUR 7.4) and capex of EUR 7.2 per square meter (2023: 17.5; 2022: EUR 17.2). Its maintenance 
and capex investments are relatively evenly split throughout the different regions in Germany. TAG 
believes that a continuous reduction in vacancy can lead to attractive rental growth with a relatively 
low outlay. TAG also invests in properties with above average refurbishment requirements, with the 
goal to realise value through modernisation measures. Growth in absolute orders of magnitude, on 
the other hand, is not at the forefront of TAG's corporate strategy in Germany. 
3.1.3 
Expansion of Housing-Related Services 
As part of its strategy, TAG intends to expand its housing-related services and supplement them 
with new services in order to steadily enhance the quality of its offer. This is supposed to lead to a 
higher tenant loyalty with a positive influence on TAG's core rental business. 
3.1.4 
Development of the Real Estate Portfolio in Poland 
TAG's expansion of business activities to Poland began in 2020 with the acquisition of Vantage, a 
property developer based and focused on activities in Wrocław. The acquisition of Warsaw-based 
ROBYG expanded TAG's platform for developing flats for its own portfolio in the existing regions of 
Wrocław, Poznań and especially Tricity, and also enabled a comprehensive market entry in War-
saw. TAG believes that its platform allows for a highly flexible ramp-up and smooth capex control. 
At the same time, TAG expanded its business model to include the development of flats for sale, 
with a focus on Polish "A cities", thus benefiting from expected cash returns (in the sense of an 
FFO return on equity) to finance growth in the Polish rental housing market. Due to the firm pre-
sale nature of the local market, TAG considers its "build-to-sell"-approach to be a secure business. 
In Poland, TAG's residential rental business had 2,629 completed flats as of 30 June 2024 (31 De-
cember 2023: 2,417). A further 1,161 (31 December 2023: 1,359) rental flats were under construc-
tion as of 30 June 2024. There is also a land reserve for the future construction of 4,591 (31 De-
cember 2023: 5,665) additional flats as of 30 June 2024. In the sales business, which also includes 
joint ventures, 4,167 (31 December 2023: 4,248) flats were under construction as of 30 June 2024 
(including 169 (31 December 2023: 502) completed and not yet sold flats). The land reserve in this 
business area comprises a further 19,287 (31 December 2023: 15,612) future flats as of 30 June 
2024 (of which about 3,591 units are held within joint ventures in total). In 2023, a total of 3,586 
(previous year: 1,751) flats were sold in Poland and 3,812 (Previous year: 3,510) flats were handed 
over to the buyers. 
TAG's long-term growth target is to build up a portfolio of around 20,000 residential units in Poland. 
As of 30 June 2024, TAG had around 2,600 (31 December 2023: around 2,400) completed rental 
flats in Poland in the residential rental segment, and a further approximately 1,200 rental flats were 
under construction and about 900 flats were in preparation. In the medium term, i.e. by the end of 
2028, the target is to grow the Polish rental portfolio by a further approximately 5,300 flats to around 
10,000 flats. In addition, the existing sales activities in Poland are to be continued to support the

--- Page 76 ---
76 
further growth of the rental portfolio from the surplus liquidity generated there. The investment focus 
is on new-build flats in large cities with favourable population growth, proximity to universities and 
a well-developed infrastructure. 
TAG believes that Poland, with a fragmented residential market and its absolute market size of 
about 37 million inhabitants (source: Destatis 2024), is experiencing a structural gap between de-
mand and supply in the residential-for-rent segment for historic reasons as a result of strong mac-
roeconomic and demographic growth. Specifically, TAG believes that there is a strongly rising de-
mand for rental apartments as well as condominiums in major cities in Poland, allowing for geo-
graphical diversification and balanced investment risks due to its poly-centric market structure. In 
TAG's view, there currently is a housing shortage in major Polish cities, which has driven up prices 
of residential units as well as rent levels, which TAG believes to outperform rent levels in other 
major European economies. Therefore, TAG expects growth of rent levels and property valuations 
in Poland. In addition, TAG expects to benefit from a largely unregulated housing market in Poland. 
TAG is pursuing a different approach in Poland compared to its German real estate portfolio. Alt-
hough TAG also focuses on the rental market for residential real estate there, it exclusively invests 
in new construction projects in the country's major cities. The goal is to build up a portfolio of resi-
dential properties ("build-to-hold") via own project developments in "A cities" only. TAG believes 
that large cities with favourable population trends, proximity to universities, and a well-developed 
infrastructure offer the greatest value potential in Poland. TAG sees substantial growth opportuni-
ties in this approach and believes that – in contrast to Germany – the returns which can be achieved 
by this strategy in Poland are very attractive. In TAG's view, the focus on new constructed apart-
ments allows it to address the demand of the Polish population for higher quality buildings, which 
at the same time require limited maintenance or capex. TAG believes that value creation already 
starts in the project development phase and that it can realise a value uplift post completion of the 
project development. 
3.2 
Financing Strategy 
TAG has a disciplined and conservative approach regarding use of capital and new acquisitions. 
The focus lies on a stable and long-term financing structure to support a profitable growth strategy. 
The Company aims for an LTV target of about 45%. In 2023, TAG had an LTV of 47.0% (previous 
year: 46.7%).  
In addition, TAG intends to continuously optimise its financing structure. TAG believes that the 
stability of residential real estate as an asset class, the access to low-cost, long-term fixed-rate debt 
financing, and the access to funding from the capital markets together provide attractive opportuni-
ties to optimise its financing structure and its cash flow. To achieve this goal, TAG intends to repay 
financial liabilities that become due by entering into new financing arrangements under more fa-
vourable terms. By this approach, TAG aims to reduce interest payments on the one hand and to 
optimise the debt service and financing structure on the other hand. Part of this strategy is to find 
the appropriate leverage ratio for the various parts of the portfolio and to use the attractive terms 
currently available on the financial markets in order to reduce interest expenses. 
The following table shows TAG's maturity profile of all liabilities as of 30 June 2024: 
in EUR million 
 
2024 
 
2025 
 
2026 
 
2027 
 
>2027 
 
Total 
Bank loans 
 
176 
 
320 
 
245 
 
505 
 
1,111 
 
2,357 
Corporate bonds Ger-
many 
 
– 
 
125 
 
– 
 
– 
 
– 
 
125 
Corporate bonds Po-
land 
 
– 
 
38 
 
20 
 
24 
 
– 
 
83

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Promissory notes 
 
– 
 
49 
 
43 
 
73 
 
40 
 
205 
Convertibles bonds 
 
– 
 
– 
 
470 
 
– 
 
– 
 
470 
 
 
176 
 
532 
 
778 
 
602 
 
1,151 
 
3,239 
The average volume-weighted remaining term of all financial liabilities of TAG was 4.5 years as of 
30 June 2024 (31 December 2023: 4.8 years). The average interest rate for total financial liabilities 
was 2.3% as of 30 June 2024 (31 December 2023: 2.2%). 
Based on the twelve months ended 30 June 2024, the interest cover ratio (ICR), i.e. the sum of 
adjusted EBITDA – total rental business and adjusted EBITDA – sales Poland, divided by net fi-
nance income (cash, without one-time invoice), amounted to 6.7x. 
In EUR million 
 
For the twelve months 
ended 30 June 2024 
(unaudited) 
Adjusted EBITDA – total rental business(1) 
 
234.6(2)  
Adjusted EBITDA – sales Poland 
 
106.6(2) 
Adjusted EBITDA – total 
 
342.3 
Net finance income (cash, without one-time invoice) 
 
-50.6 
ICR 
 
6,7x 
(1) 
Adjusted EBITDA – total rental business is the sum of (i) adjusted EBITDA (Rental Germany) 
and (ii) adjusted EBITDA (Rental Poland). 
(2) 
The unaudited consolidated income statement information and the other financial information 
presented for the twelve months ended 30 June 2024 have been derived by subtracting the 
financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2023 from the financial information 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 and adding the financial information for the 
six months ended 30 June 2024. 
3.3 
Sustainability 
TAG's goal is to incorporate sustainability aspects into its corporate strategy across TAG's entire 
value chain (for more information on TAG's approach to sustainability, see "5 Sustainability" below). 
4. 
Portfolio Structure 
4.1 
Overview 
As of 30 June 2024, TAG had a total real estate portfolio comprising around 84,374 residential units 
in Germany and 2,629 completed rental units in Poland. The regional focus is mainly on Northern 
and Eastern Germany. In Poland, TAG focuses on investments in newly-built residential real estate 
units in large cities. 
The following table provides an overview of TAG's portfolio: 
Portfolio data 
 
30 June 
2024 
 
31 December 
2023 
 
31 December 
2022 
Units Germany 
 
84,374 
 
84,682 
 
86,914 
Units Poland (completed rental apart-
ments) 
 
2,629 
 
2,417 
 
1,153

--- Page 78 ---
78 
Portfolio data 
 
30 June 
2024 
 
31 December 
2023 
 
31 December 
2022 
Sold units Poland 
 
1,056 
 
3,586 
 
1,751 
Handovers in Poland 
 
1,330 
 
3,812 
 
3,510 
Gross Asset Value total (real estate as-
sets) in EUR million 
 
6,498.0 
 
 
6,574.4 
 
7,481.4 
out of which Germany in EUR million 
 
5,323.2 
 
5,442.9 
 
6,328.8 
out of which Poland in EUR million 
 
1,174.8 
 
1,131.5 
 
1,152.6 
Vacancy in % Germany (total portfolio) 
 
4.5 
 
4.3 
 
4.8 
Vacancy in % Germany (residential units) 
 
4.2 
 
4.0 
 
4.4 
Vacancy in % Poland (total portfolio) 
 
7.4 
 
7.2 
 
35.8 
Vacancy in % Poland (residential units in 
operations > 1 year) 
 
2.8 
 
2.2 
 
3.9 
Like-for-like rental growth in % Germany 
 
2.1 
 
1.8 
 
1.5 
Like-for-like rental growth in % Germany 
(including vacancy reduction) 
 
2.7 
 
 
2.3 
 
 
2.7 
Like-for-like 
rental 
growth 
in 
%  
Poland 
 
4.5 
 
 
10.8 
 
 
22.0 
As of 30 June 2024, rental growth in TAG's German residential units amounted to 2.1% on a like-
for-like basis (i.e. excluding the acquisitions and sales of the last twelve months) after 1.8% p.a. at 
the end of 2023. This rental growth of 2.1% was made up of ongoing rent increases for existing 
tenants (1.0%), rent increases as part of a change of tenant (1.0%) and rent increases due to 
modernisation levies (0.1%). Including effects from vacancy reduction, rental growth was 2.7% as 
of 30 June 2024 after 2.3% p.a. at the end of 2023. 
After 30 June 2022 and until 30 June 2024, valuation losses in the German portfolio were recorded 
in the total amount of EUR 1,229.7 million (31 December 2022: EUR -353,8 million; 30 June 2023: 
EUR -471.2 million; 31 Dezember 2023: EUR -260.4 million; 30 June 2024: EUR -144.3 million), 
corresponding to an impairment of about 19% of the German portfolio since 30 June 2022. In the 
six months ended 30 June 2024, there was a valuation loss compared to the book value at the 
beginning of the year corresponding to an impairment of -2.7% (after an impairment of -7.4% in the 
six months ended 30 June 2023 and -4.1% in the six months ended 31 December 2023). 
The valuation multiple of the German portfolio (as a ratio of the IFRS book value to the net actual 
rent) fell from 16.0 at 31 December 2023 to 15.5 as at 30 June 2024. This corresponds to a gross 
initial yield (as a ratio of the net actual rent to the IFRS book value) of 6.5% (31 December 2023: 
6.3%; 30 June 2023: 5.9%; 31 December 2022: 5.4%; 30 June 2022: 5.1%) and a value of around 
EUR 1,040 per sqm as of June 30, 2024 (31 December 2023: approximately EUR 1,060 per sqm; 
30 June 2023: approximately EUR 1,100 per sqm; 31 December 2022: approximately EUR 1,200 
per sqm; 30 June 2022: approximately EUR 1,270 per sqm). 
In the German portfolio, sales contracts for a total of approximately 880 units were notarised in the 
six months ended 30 June 2024 (fiscal year ended 31 December 2023: approximately 1400). The 
cumulative sales price amounts to EUR 78.4 million (fiscal year ended 31 December 2023: 
EUR 213.5 million), which corresponds a gross initial yield (as a ratio of the net actual rent to the 
IFRS book value) of 5.2% (fiscal year ended 31 December 2023: 4.3%). The expected net cash 
inflow from these sales amounts to EUR 66.2 million (fiscal year ended 31 December 2023: 
EUR 187.4 million).

--- Page 79 ---
79 
For the property portfolio in Poland, there was a valuation gain of EUR 9.5 million in the six months 
ended 30 June 2024 (prior-year period: EUR 15.6 million). 
The number of units sold in Poland in the six months ended 30 June 2024 amounts to 1,056 (six 
months ended 30 June 2023: 1,817 units; fiscal year ended 31 December 2023: 3,586 units; fiscal 
year ended 31 December 2022: 1,751 units), with the cumulative sales price amounting to 
EUR 197.8 million (six months ended 30 June 2023: EUR 221.5 million; fiscal year ended 31 De-
cember 2023: EUR 479.4 million; fiscal year ended 31 December 2022: EUR 198.1 million). 
In Poland, 1,330 units were handed over in the six months ended 30 June 2024 (six months ended 
30 June 2023: 863 units; fiscal year ended 31 December 2023: 3,812 units; fiscal year ended 
31 December 2022: 3,510 units). Revenue from property sales in Poland totalled EUR 193.0 million 
in the six months ended 30 June 2024 (six months ended 30 June 2023: EUR 90.3 million; fiscal 
year ended 31 December 2023: EUR 485.8 million; fiscal year ended 31 December 2022: 
EUR 337.6 million). 
4.2 
Recent Changes in the Portfolio 
There have been no material changes of TAG's real estate portfolio since 31 December 2023. 
5. 
Sustainability 
TAG considers sustainability an integral part of its business model and corporate strategy. TAG 
bears a special social responsibility as a large property company.  
TAG follows a comprehensive strategy to promote environmental, social and governmental con-
cerns, which can be described as follows: 
• 
Environment: TAG aims to improve energy efficiency and to help reducing carbon emis-
sions. This includes maintenance and modernisation measures and an active portfolio 
investment strategy as well as changes in TAG's energy mix, improvements of its heating 
technology, insolation of its buildings and a total investment programme amounting to 
approximately EUR 690 million from 2022 until 2045. TAG's goal is to reach less than 7 
kg/sqm CO2 emission in 2045 through a detailed quantified investment plan of around 
EUR 690 million capex. In 2022, TAG's CO2 emission level amounted to 29.4 kg/sqm. 
TAG's efforts have resulted in an energetically well-balanced portfolio with 80 % of the 
properties in efficiency classes of "D" or better. Furthermore, TAG focuses on a respon-
sible treatment of resource management, the support for local service and material sup-
pliers, the use of sustainable materials and environmental compliance for all external con-
tracts. In Poland, TAG incorporates biodiversity and water policy into all residential pro-
jects and has the goal to cover 100% of the electricity used in the construction process 
with renewable sources by the end of 2024. Furthermore, TAG strives to regularly in-
crease the number of projects in Poland that are compliant with the 15-minute cities idea 
to reach a compliance level of 80% in 2025 (i.e. estates where most things can be done 
within a 15-minute walking or cycling distance including recreational areas, schools, 
shops, services and proximity to transport). In doing so, TAG strives to achieve the best 
possible cost-benefit ratio. 
• 
Social: TAG aims to offer affordable and needs-orientated housing and focuses on neigh-
bourhood management and customer service quality. TAG wants to offer its tenants a 
secure home and good service in the long term and – as far as it can as a landlord – help 
them in difficult situations, such as those caused by the current energy crisis, and offer 
flexible solutions. In 2020, for example, TAG established the TAG Miteinander Stiftung to 
make an even more targeted contribution to ensuring that people who live in its neigh-
bourhoods live in good conditions and enjoy living together and being neighbours.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
• 
Governance: TAG focuses on board expertise, at transparent compensation scheme in 
line with the interests of shareholders and responsibility and trust for its employees. TAG 
considers it as particularly important to support its employees. As a responsible employer, 
TAG gives its employees the option of flexible and mobile working. It believes that per-
sonal responsibility and shared commitment, as well as respectful and transparent coop-
eration, make a decisive contribution to its success. 
TAG's efforts in the area of sustainable corporate development are recognised and rewarded by 
rating agencies. In a report published in May 2024 by Sustainalytics, TAG was ranked second out 
of a total of more than 1,000 real estate companies analysed world-wide and 9th place out of more 
than 16,000 companies analysed worldwide. TAG's risk is rated at 4.6 points (negligible risk). In 
July 2024, MSCI ESG Ratings rated TAG "AA" (after "A" in 2023) with a score of 7.0 out of a 
possible 10 points. Furthermore, in July 2023, the agency Moody's Analytics awarded TAG 52 out 
of 100 points after participating in the rating process (sector average 40 points). 
In September 2023, TAG received a score of 49 out of 100 from the rating agency SAM (now part 
of S&P Global), an improvement of two points compared to the previous year. ISS ESG gave TAG 
an unchanged C- rating in August 2023. The CDP Climate Change result was also unchanged after 
TAG's participation in 2023 with a score of C, in line with the global industry average. 
For its 2022 sustainability report, TAG received the "Gold" award from the European Public Real 
Estate Association (EPRA).  
For further information on ESG ratings please refer to the section "Notice"– "Sustainable Ratings" 
above. 
6. 
Material Investments 
The Issuer has made no material investments since 31 December 2023 and, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, its management has made no firm commitments on such material investments 
in the future. 
7. 
Employees 
As of 30 June 2024, TAG had 1,843 employees (31 December 2023: 1,816). 
8. 
Governmental, Legal or Administrative Proceedings 
During the ordinary course of its business activities, TAG is regularly involved in legal proceedings, 
both as a claimant and as a defendant. These proceedings include civil and administrative pro-
ceedings, in particular disputes with owners' associations concerning construction defects and dis-
putes with tenants. In addition, several proceedings are pending in court regarding the TAG's past 
activity in the property development business. Occasionally, claims are asserted against subsidiar-
ies of the Issuer by purchasers in connection with lost tax advantages, compensation and, in some 
cases, the rescission of contracts entered into many years ago. TAG created appropriate provisions 
to cover risks in connection with legal disputes, claims for damages, and warranty claims. 
However, neither the Issuer nor its subsidiaries are currently involved, and have not been involved 
in the past 12 months, in governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including pending or threat-
ened proceedings) that could or recently had a significant impact on the financial position or profit-
ability of the Issuer or the Group.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
9. 
Material Contracts 
9.1 
Convertible Bonds 2020/2026 
In 2020, the Issuer placed new convertible bonds with a term until 2026 and an aggregate principal 
amount of EUR 470 million, divided into 4,700 partial bonds with a nominal amount of EUR 100,000 
each (Convertible Bonds 2020/2026). The Convertible Bonds 2020/2026 are convertible into new 
or existing no-par value ordinary bearer shares of the Issuer representing approximately 9.9% of 
the Issuer's share capital, or may be redeemed in cash.  
The Convertible Bonds 2020/2026 have a term of six years, were placed at 100% of their principal 
amount and bear interest at a coupon rate of 0.625% p.a. The conversion premium was set at 
35.0%. The initial conversion price is determined by the reference price (i.e. the volume-weighted 
average price (VWAP) of the ordinary shares in XETRA trading on 20 August and 21 August 2020 
plus the conversion premium). The Convertible Bonds 2020/2026 were included to trading on the 
Open Market (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.  
The Issuer has the right to call the Convertible Bonds 2020/2026 at the principal amount (plus 
accrued and unpaid interest) at any time in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes 
if  
(a) 
on or after 27 August 2024, the share price of the ordinary shares for a specified period 
is at least 130% of the then prevailing conversion price or  
(b) 
20% or less of the principal amount of the New Convertible Notes is outstanding.  
9.2 
Corporate Bonds 
In 2018, the Issuer issued a corporate bond with a volume of EUR 125 million: 
 
 
Corporate Bond 
2018/2025 
Volume  
 
EUR 125 million 
Nominal value per bond 
 
EUR 100,000 
Term 
 
7 years 
Maturity 
 
19 June 2025 
Interest rate 
 
1.75% 
Issue price 
 
99.615% 
On the Polish capital market, the Group has issued unsecured bonds with a total volume of 
PLN 360m in various tranches and a new bond for EUR 24 million as part of a bond issuance 
programme. The following table shows an overview of the bonds as of 31 December 2023: 
Volume 
in 
PLN million  
 
Outstanding 
volume in PLN 
million  
 
Outstanding 
volume 
in 
EUR million 
 
Maturity 
 
Interest as of 
31 
December 
2023 
100 
 
100 
 
23 
 
4 Dec 2024 
 
8.8% 
150 
 
150 
 
34.6 
 
17 June 2026 
 
8.2% 
110 
 
110 
 
25.3 
 
22 Dec 2025 
 
10.7% 
n/a 
 
n/a 
 
24 
 
12 July 2027 
 
6.8%

--- Page 82 ---
82 
9.3 
Unsecured Promissory Notes (Schuldscheindarlehen) 
TAG also placed a number of promissory note loans (Schuldscheindarlehen) as part of private 
placements. The following table shows an overview of the outstanding promissory note loans as of 
31 December 2023: 
Year of issuance 
 
Nominal in EUR 
million 
 
Maturity 
of 
tranches 
 
Average 
Interest 
as of 31 December 
2023 
2019 
 
102 
 
5 to 7 years 
 
1.2% 
2020 
 
77 
 
3 to 10 years 
 
2.1% 
2022 
 
84.5 
 
3 to 7 years 
 
5.35% 
9.4 
Commercial Paper Programme 
Since 2018, short-term bearer bonds of generally up to EUR 50 million have been issued as a 
special form of corporate bond with terms of generally between one and six months (so-called 
commercial paper). As of 30 June 2024, the Issuer had no commercial papers outstanding (31 De-
cember 2023: EUR 25 million nominal amount).

--- Page 83 ---
83 
V. 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
1. 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each 
particular Tranche of Notes (Conditions). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth below (Terms and Conditions) as further specified 
by the Final Terms (Final Terms) as described below. 
2. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final 
Terms provide for the Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
– 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Fixed Rate Notes; and 
– 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Floating Rate Notes. 
3. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following 
ways: 
– 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine 
which of the Option I or Option II, including certain further options contained therein, re-
spectively, shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant 
provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated and com-
pleted provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, 
which (i) in the case of Physical Notes will be attached to each global note representing 
the Notes of the relevant Tranche and (ii) in the case of Electronic Notes will be submitted 
(niedergelegt) to the Central Registrar by or on behalf of the Issuer prior to the relevant 
issuance. This type of documentation of the Conditions will be required where the Notes 
are publicly offered, in whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, 
to non-qualified investors. 
– 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the 
respective further options contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the 
individual issue by referring to the relevant provisions of the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus only. The Final Terms will specify that the 
information contained in Part I of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Con-
ditions as set out in the Base Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. 
Each (i) physical global note representing a particular Tranche of Notes and (ii) each doc-
ument submitted to the Central Registrar in relation to a specific Series of Notes (as the 
case may be) will have the information contained in Part I of the Final Terms and the 
relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus attached. 
3.1 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individ-
ual issue of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also 
certain further options (characterised by indicating the respective optional provision through instruc-
tions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square brackets within the text of the 
relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus) as well as placeholders

--- Page 84 ---
84 
(characterised by square brackets which include the relevant items) which will be determined by 
the Final Terms as follows: 
3.2 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating 
the relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective 
sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus. If the Final 
Terms do not refer to an alternative or optional provision or such alternative or optional provision is 
not replicated therein it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
3.3 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions will be completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final 
Terms as if such information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to 
be deleted from the Conditions. 
3.4 
Controlling Language 
The Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language in the Conditions.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
VI. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
Anleihebedingungen der Schuldver-
schreibungen 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
 
 
Deutsche Fassung der Anleihebedin-
gungen 
English language version 
 
 
Die Anleihebedingungen für die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
(Anleihebedingungen) 
sind nachfolgend in zwei Optionen aufge-
führt: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(Terms and Conditions) are set forth be-
low for two options: 
 
 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Anleihebe-
dingungen, der auf Tranchen von Schuld-
verschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung An-
wendung findet. 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions that applies to Tranches of 
Notes with fixed interest rates. 
 
 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Anleihebe-
dingungen, der auf Tranchen von Schuld-
verschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung 
Anwendung findet. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions that applies to Tranches of 
Notes with floating interest rates. 
 
 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede 
dieser Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere 
Optionen, die entsprechend gekennzeich-
net sind, indem die jeweilige optionale Be-
stimmung durch Instruktionen und Erklä-
rungen entweder links von dem Satz der 
Anleihebedingungen 
oder 
in 
eckigen 
Klammern innerhalb des Satzes der Anlei-
hebedingungen bezeichnet wird. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each 
of these Options contains certain further 
options, which are characterised accord-
ingly by indicating the respective optional 
provision through instructions and explan-
atory notes set out either on the right of, or 
in square brackets within, the set of Terms 
and Conditions. 
 
 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die 
Emittentin festlegen, welche der Option I 
oder Option II (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optio-
nen) für die einzelne Emission von Schuld-
verschreibungen Anwendung findet, in-
dem entweder die betreffenden Angaben 
wiederholt werden oder auf die betreffen-
den Optionen verwiesen wird. 
In the Final Terms, the Issuer will deter-
mine whether Option I or Option II includ-
ing certain further options contained 
therein, respectively, shall apply with re-
spect to an individual issue of Notes, either 
by replicating the relevant provisions or by 
referring to the relevant options. 
 
 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der 
Billigung des Basisprospekts keine Kennt-
nis von bestimmten Angaben hat, die auf 
eine einzelne Emission von Schuldver-
schreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält die-
ser Basisprospekt Leerstellen in eckigen 
Klammern, die die maßgeblichen durch die 
Endgültigen Bedingungen zu vervollstän-
digenden Angaben enthalten. 
To the extent that upon the approval of the 
Base Prospectus the Issuer has no 
knowledge of certain items which are ap-
plicable to an individual issue of Notes, 
these Base Prospectus contain placehold-
ers set out in square brackets which in-
clude the relevant items that will be com-
pleted by the Final Terms. 
 
Im 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
Die Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedin-
gungen 
gelten 
für 
diese 
The provisions of these Terms and Condi-
tions apply to the Notes as completed by 
In 
the 
case 
the

--- Page 86 ---
86 
Endgülti-
gen Bedin-
gungen, 
die für eine 
einzelne 
Emission 
anwendbar 
sind, 
nur 
auf die wei-
teren Opti-
onen 
ver-
weist, 
die 
im Satz der 
Anleihebe-
dingungen 
der Option 
I oder Op-
tion II ent-
halten 
sind, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar: 
Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch 
die Angaben der beigefügten Endgültigen 
Bedingungen (Endgültige Bedingungen) 
vervollständigt werden. Die Leerstellen in 
den auf die Schuldverschreibungen an-
wendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Anlei-
hebedingungen gelten als durch die in den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen An-
gaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in 
den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch 
diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären; alterna-
tive oder wählbare Bestimmungen dieser 
Anleihebedingungen, deren Entsprechun-
gen in den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht 
ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten 
als aus diesen Anleihebedingungen gestri-
chen; sämtliche auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen nicht anwendbaren Bestimmun-
gen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
(ein-
schließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkun-
gen und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) 
gelten als aus diesen Anleihebedingungen 
gestrichen, so dass die Bestimmungen der 
Endgültigen Bedingungen Geltung erhal-
ten. Kopien der Endgültigen Bedingungen 
sind kostenlos bei der bezeichneten Ge-
schäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle erhält-
lich; bei nicht auf Veranlassung der Emit-
tentin an einer Börse notierten Schuldver-
schreibungen sind Kopien der betreffen-
den Endgültigen Bedingungen allerdings 
ausschließlich für die Anleihegläubiger sol-
cher Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich. 
the terms of the final terms which is at-
tached hereto (Final Terms). The blanks 
in the provisions of these Terms and Con-
ditions which are applicable to the Notes 
shall be deemed to be completed by the 
information contained in the Final Terms 
as if such information were inserted in the 
blanks of such provisions; alternative or 
optional provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions as to which the corresponding 
provisions of the Final Terms are not com-
pleted or are deleted shall be deemed to 
be deleted from these Terms and Condi-
tions; all provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions which are inapplicable to the 
Notes (including instructions, explanatory 
notes and text set out in square brackets) 
shall be deemed to be deleted from these 
Terms and Conditions, as required to give 
effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Cop-
ies of the Final Terms may be obtained 
free of charge at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent provided that, in the case of 
Notes which are not listed on any stock ex-
change at the initiative of the Issuer, cop-
ies of the relevant Final Terms will only be 
available to the Noteholders of such Notes. 
Final 
Terms ap-
plicable to 
an individ-
ual issue 
only 
re-
fers to the 
further op-
tions con-
tained 
in 
the set of 
Terms and 
Condi-
tions 
for 
Option I or 
Option 
II 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies:

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
OPTION I 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN FÜR 
FESTVERZINSLICHE 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT 
APPLY TO FIXED RATE NOTES 
 
 
 
Währung, Festgelegte Stücke-
lung, Form 
 
Currency, Specified Denomina-
tion, Form 
 
 
 
Währung; Festgelegte Stückelung. 
Die TAG Immobilien AG, Hamburg 
(Emittentin) 
begibt 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
(Schuldverschrei-
bungen) in [Festgelegte Währung] 
(Festgelegte Währung) im Gesamt-
nennbetrag [falls die Globalur-
kunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1(d)] 
von [Festgelegte Währung] [Ge-
samtnennbetrag], 
eingeteilt 
in 
Schuldverschreibungen in der fest-
gelegten Stückelung von je [Festge-
legte Währung] [Festgelegte Stü-
ckelung] (Festgelegte Stückelung) 
[im 
Falle 
von 
elektronischen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfü-
gen: , wobei jede Schuldverschrei-
bung in der Festgelegten Stücke-
lung dem jeweiligen Anleihegläubi-
ger als Berechtigten inhaltsgleiche 
Rechte vermittelt].  
 
Currency; Specified Denomination. 
The Notes are issued by TAG Im-
mobilien AG, Hamburg (Issuer) in 
[Specified 
Currency] 
(Specified 
Currency), in the aggregate princi-
pal amount [in the case the Global 
Note is a NGN, the following ap-
plies: (subject to §1(d)] of [Speci-
fied Currency] [Aggregate Principal 
Amount], divided into notes in the 
specified denomination of [Specified 
Currency] [Specified Denomination] 
(Specified Denomination) each [in 
the case of Electronic Notes in-
sert: , with each Note in the Speci-
fied Denomination conferring identi-
cal (inhaltsgleich) rights to the rele-
vant Noteholder as beneficiary] 
(Notes).  
 
Im Fall von 
körperlich 
verbrieften 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen 
gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
 
Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
lauten auf den Inhaber. 
 
Form. The Notes are issued in 
bearer form. 
In 
the 
case 
of 
Physical 
Notes, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Aus-
tausch. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind zunächst in einer vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde (Vorläufige Global-
urkunde) ohne Zinsscheine ver-
brieft. 
 
Temporary Global Note – Ex-
change. The Notes are initially rep-
resented by a temporary global Note 
(Temporary Global Note) without 
interest coupons. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird insgesamt oder teilweise 
und unentgeltlich an oder nach 
dem Tag, der 40 Tage nach dem 
Tag der Begebung der Schuld-
verschreibungen, frühestens je-
doch 40 Tage nach dem Tag des 
Beginns des Angebots liegt, ge-
gen Nachweis über das Nichtbe-
stehen 
wirtschaftlichen 
U.S.-
The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part 
and free of charge, on or after the 
day that is 40 days after the later of 
the commencement of the offering 
and the date of issue of the Notes 
for a permanent global Note (Per-
manent Global Note) (the Tempo-
rary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note, each a Global Note)

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Eigentums im Sinne des U.S.-
Rechts (non-U.S. beneficial ow-
nership) in der in der Vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde 
vorgesehenen 
Form, gegen eine dauerhafte 
Globalurkunde (Dauer-Global-
urkunde) (die Vorläufige Global-
urkunde und die Dauer-Globalur-
kunde jeweils auch eine Global-
urkunde) ohne Zinsscheine aus-
getauscht. Ein Recht der Anlei-
hegläubiger (wie nachstehend 
definiert) auf Ausgabe und Liefe-
rung von Einzelurkunden oder 
Zinsscheinen besteht nicht. 
without interest coupons upon certi-
fication as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership in the form set out in the 
Temporary Global Note. The right of 
the Noteholders (as defined below) 
to require the issue and delivery of 
definitive notes or interest coupons 
is excluded. 
 
 
Clearingsystem. Die Vorläufige Glo-
balurkunde und die Dauer-Globalur-
kunde werden solange von einem 
Clearingsystem oder im Auftrag ei-
nes Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis 
sämtliche Verpflichtungen der Emit-
tentin aus den Schuldverschreibun-
gen erfüllt sind. 
 
Clearing System. Each of the Tem-
porary Global Note and the Perma-
nent Global Note will be held in cus-
tody by or on behalf of a Clearing 
System until all obligations of the Is-
suer under the Notes have been sat-
isfied. 
 
 
Clearingsystem bezeichnet [bei 
mehr als einem Clearing System 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: jeweils] 
Folgendes: [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Bundesrepublik Deutsch-
land (CBF)] [,] [und] [Clearstream 
Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Ken-
nedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Großher-
zogtum Luxemburg, (CBL)] [und] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard 
du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Bel-
gien, (Euroclear)] [(Clearstream, 
Luxemburg und Euroclear jeweils 
ein ICSD und zusammen ICSDs)] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
Clearing System means [if more 
than one Clearing System the fol-
lowing applies: each of] the follow-
ing: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mer-
genthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany 
(CBF)] [,] [and] [Clearstream Bank-
ing S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, (CBL)] [and] [Euro-
clear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du 
Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Bel-
gium, (Euroclear)] [(Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear each an 
ICSD and together ICSDs)] and any 
successor in such capacity. 
 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibun-
gen, die in Form einer Classical 
Global Note ausgegeben werden 
bzw. bei Verwahrung durch CBF 
gilt Folgendes: 
[In the case of Notes intended to 
be issued in the Classical Global 
Note form, or deposited with CBF, 
the following applies: 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und 
die Dauer-Globalurkunde tragen je-
weils die eigenhändigen Unter-
schriften von zwei Vertretungsbe-
rechtigten der Emittentin sowie die 
eigenhändige 
Unterschrift 
eines 
The Temporary Global Note and the 
Permanent Global Note shall each 
bear the manual signatures of two 
duly authorised officers of the Issuer 
as well as the manual signature of 
an authentication officer of the Fis-
cal Agent.]

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Kontrollbeauftragten der Emissions-
stelle.] 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibun-
gen, die in Form einer New Global 
Note ausgegeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
[In the case of Notes intended to 
be issued in the New Global Note 
form, the following applies: 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
in Form einer New Global Note 
(NGN) ausgegeben und von einem 
gemeinsamen Wertpapierverwahrer 
(common safekeeper) im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in new global 
note (NGN) form and are kept in 
custody by a common safekeeper 
on behalf of both ICSDs. 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entspricht 
dem jeweils in den Registern beider 
ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbe-
trag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter 
denen man die Register versteht, 
die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden 
über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Ge-
samtnennbetrag der durch die Glo-
balurkunde verbrieften Schuldver-
schreibungen, und eine zu diesen 
Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem 
Nennbetrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den In-
halt des Registers des jeweiligen 
ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global 
Note shall be the aggregate amount 
from time to time entered in the rec-
ords of both ICSDs. The records of 
the ICSDs (which expression means 
the records that each ICSD holds for 
its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customers' interest 
in the Notes) shall be conclusive ev-
idence of the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note and, for these pur-
poses, a statement issued by an 
ICSD stating the principal amount of 
Notes so represented at any time 
shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zins-
zahlung bezüglich der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuld-
verschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalur-
kunde verbrieften Schuldverschrei-
bungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, 
dass die Einzelheiten über Rück-
zahlung, Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Entwertung bezüglich der Globalur-
kunde pro rata in die Register der 
ICSDs eingetragen werden und 
dass nach dieser Eintragung vom 
Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Regis-
ter der ICSDs aufgenommenen und 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Ge-
samtnennbetrag 
der 
On any redemption or interest pay-
ment being made in respect of, or 
purchase and cancellation of, any of 
the Notes represented by the Global 
Note the Issuer shall procure that 
details of such redemption, payment 
or purchase and cancellation (as the 
case may be) in respect of the 
Global Note shall be entered pro 
rata in the records of the ICSDs and, 
upon any such entry being made, 
the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes recorded in the records of 
the ICSDs and represented by the 
Global Note shall be reduced by the 
aggregate principal amount of the

--- Page 90 ---
90 
zurückgezahlten 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und entwerteten Schuldverschrei-
bungen abgezogen wird. 
Notes so redeemed or purchased 
and cancelled. 
 
Bei Austausch eines Anteils von 
durch eine Vorläufige Globalur-
kunde verbrieften Schuldverschrei-
bungen wird die Emittentin sicher-
stellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses 
Austauschs pro rata in die Aufzeich-
nungen der ICSDs aufgenommen 
werden. 
On an exchange of a portion only of 
the Notes represented by a Tempo-
rary Global Note, the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such ex-
change shall be entered pro rata in 
the records of the ICSDs. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und 
die Dauer-Globalurkunde tragen je-
weils die eigenhändigen Unter-
schriften von zwei Vertretungsbe-
rechtigten der Emittentin sowie die 
eigenhändige 
Unterschrift 
eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten der Emissions-
stelle und die eigenhändige Unter-
schrift eines bevollmächtigten Ver-
treters des gemeinsamen Wertpa-
pierverwahrers.]  
The Temporary Global Note and the 
Permanent Global Note shall each 
bear the manual signatures of two 
duly authorised officers of the Issuer 
as well as the manual signature of 
an authentication officer of the Fis-
cal Agent and the manual signature 
of an authorised officer of the com-
mon safekeeper.] 
 
 
 
Anleihegläubiger. Den Inhabern von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(Anleihe-
gläubiger) stehen Miteigentumsan-
teile oder vergleichbare andere 
Rechte an der Globalurkunde zu, 
die gemäß anwendbarem Recht und 
den Bestimmungen und Regeln des 
Clearingsystems übertragen wer-
den können. 
 
Noteholders. The holders of Notes 
(Noteholders) are entitled to co-
ownership participations or other 
comparable rights in the Global 
Note, which are transferable in ac-
cordance with applicable laws and 
the rules and regulations of the 
Clearing System. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
von elekt-
ronischen 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen 
gilt 
Folgen-
des:6 
 
Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind durch ein Zentralregisterwert-
papier verbrieft und in ein von der 
Zentralregisterführerin 
geführtes 
zentrales 
Wertpapierregister 
(Zentralwertpapierregister) unter 
der ISIN [ISIN einfügen] eingetra-
gen. Die Zentralregisterführerin ist 
gemäß § 8 Abs. 1 Nr. 1 des Geset-
zes über elektronische Wertpapiere 
(eWpG) in das Zentralwertpapierre-
gister als Inhaberin der Zentralregis-
terwertpapiere in Höhe des Ge-
samtnennbetrags der begebenen 
 
Form. The Notes are represented by 
a Central Register Security entered 
into a central securities register 
(Central Securities Register) oper-
ated by the Central Registrar under 
ISIN [insert ISIN]. The Central Reg-
istrar is entered into the Central Se-
curities Register as the holder (In-
haber) of the Central Register Secu-
rities in collective entry (Samme-
leintragung) 
pursuant 
to 
Sec-
tion 8(1) no. 1 of the German Elec-
tronic Securities Act (Gesetz über 
elektronische Wertpapiere – eWpG) 
In 
the 
case 
of 
Electronic 
Notes, the 
following 
applies:7 
 
6  Verfügbarkeit der Option für spezifische Serie vor Emission mit Emissionsstelle und D7 Digitiser abzustim-
men. 
7  Availability of option for specific Series to be agreed with Fiscal Agent and D7 Digitiser prior to issuance.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Schuldverschreibungen in Samme-
leintragung eingetragen. Zentralre-
gisterwertpapiere in Sammeleintra-
gung gelten kraft Gesetzes als Wert-
papiersammelbestand. 
for the aggregate principal amount 
of Notes issued. Central Register 
Securities in collective entry (Sam-
meleintragung) are deemed by stat-
utory law to form a collective securi-
ties 
inventory 
(Wertpa-
piersammelbestand). 
 
Eine 
physische 
Sammelurkunde 
oder Einzelurkunden (effektive Stü-
cke) und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. Ein Anspruch der An-
leihegläubiger auf eine Einzeleintra-
gung auf den Namen der Anleihe-
gläubiger oder auf Ersetzung des 
Zentralregisterwertpapiers 
durch 
eine Sammelurkunde oder durch 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine ist 
ausdrücklich ausgeschlossen. 
A physical global note certificate 
(Sammelurkunde) or definitive note 
certificates and interest coupons will 
not be issued. Any claim of the Note-
holders to request to change the en-
try of the Central Register Securities 
from collective entry (Sammeleintra-
gung) 
to 
individual 
entry 
(Einzeleintragung) or to request to 
exchange the Central Register Se-
curity for a global note certificate 
(Sammelurkunde) or for definitive 
note certificates and interest cou-
pons is explicitly excluded. 
 
 
Für den Fall, dass (i) die Zentralre-
gisterführerin die Absicht ankündigt, 
den Geschäftsbetrieb des Zentral-
wertpapierregisters endgültig einzu-
stellen oder (ii) das Zentralwertpa-
pierregister für einen ununterbro-
chenen Zeitraum von mehr als 30 
Tagen für den Geschäftsbetrieb ge-
schlossen ist (außer aus Gründen, 
die auch das Clearing von Schuld-
verschreibungen, die durch physi-
sche 
Sammelurkunden 
verbrieft 
sind, betreffen), behält sich die Emit-
tentin vor, das Zentralregisterwert-
papier gemäß § 6 Abs. 2 Nr. 2 
eWpG ohne Zustimmung der Anlei-
hegläubiger durch inhaltsgleiche, 
durch eine physische Sammelur-
kunde verbriefte Schuldverschrei-
bungen zu ersetzen. Die Emittentin 
wird diese Ersetzung gemäß § 12 
bekannt machen. Der Anspruch der 
Anleihegläubiger auf die physische 
Herausgabe der Sammelurkunde ist 
ausgeschlossen; auch in diesem 
Fall ist ein Anspruch der Anleihe-
gläubiger auf Ersetzung der Sam-
melurkunde durch Einzelurkunden 
und Zinsscheine ausdrücklich aus-
geschlossen. 
In the event that (i) the Central Reg-
istrar announces an intention to per-
manently cease business of the 
Central Securities Register or (ii) the 
Central Securities Register is closed 
for business for a continuous period 
of more than 30 days (other than by 
reasons that would also affect the 
clearing of notes represented by 
physical global note certificates), the 
Issuer reserves the right to ex-
change the Notes represented by 
Central Register Securities in ac-
cordance with Section 6(2) no. 2 
eWpG without the consent of the 
Noteholders 
for 
identical 
(in-
haltsgleich) Notes represented by a 
physical global note certificate. The 
Issuer will give notice in accordance 
with § 12 of any such exchange. 
The Noteholders will have no right to 
request physical delivery of the 
global note; also in this case any 
claim of the Noteholders to request 
to exchange the global note certifi-
cate (Sammelurkunde) for definitive 
note certificates and interest cou-
pons is explicitly excluded. 
 
 
 
Clearingsystem. 
Clearingsystem 
bedeutet Clearstream Banking AG, 
 
Clearing System. Clearing System 
means Clearstream Banking AG,

--- Page 92 ---
92 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Esch-
born, Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
(CBF). 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Esch-
born, Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
(CBF). 
 
 
Anleihegläubiger. 
Anleihegläubi-
ger bezeichnet den jeweiligen Be-
rechtigten im Sinne des § 3 Abs. 2 
eWpG in Bezug auf eine Schuldver-
schreibung. Den Anleihegläubigern 
stehen Miteigentumsanteile oder 
vergleichbare Teilrechte an dem 
Wertpapiersammelbestand zu, die 
nach Maßgabe des anwendbaren 
Rechts und der Regeln und Bestim-
mungen des Clearingsystems über-
tragen werden können. 
 
Noteholders. Noteholder means 
the relevant beneficiary (Berechtig-
ter) within the meaning of Sec-
tion 3(2) eWpG in relation to a Note. 
The Noteholders hold proportional 
co-ownership interests or similar 
rights in the collective securities in-
ventory 
(Wertpa-
piersammelbestand), 
which 
are 
transferable in accordance with ap-
plicable law and the rules and regu-
lations of the Clearing System. 
 
 
 
[Zentralregisterführerin bezeich-
net CBF oder einen anderen von der 
Emittentin als Registerführer im 
Sinne des § 12 Abs. 2 Nr. 1 eWpG 
benannten Zentralverwahrer. 
 
[Central Registrar means CBF or 
any other central securities deposi-
tory specified by the Issuer as regis-
trar within the meaning of Sec-
tion 12(2) no. 1 eWpG. 
 
 
Zentralregisterwertpapier 
be-
zeichnet ein elektronisches Wertpa-
pier gemäß § 4(2) eWpG.] 
Central Register Security means 
an electronic security pursuant to 
§ 4(2) eWpG.] 
 
 
 
Status und Negativerklärung 
 
Status and Negative Pledge 
 
 
 
Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen nicht besicherte und 
nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin, die untereinander 
und mit allen anderen nicht besi-
cherten und nicht nachrangigen Ver-
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleich-
rangig sind, soweit zwingende ge-
setzliche Bestimmungen nichts an-
deres vorschreiben. 
 
Status. The obligations under the 
Notes constitute unsecured and un-
subordinated obligations of the Is-
suer ranking pari passu among 
themselves and pari passu with all 
other unsecured and unsubordi-
nated obligations of the Issuer, save 
for any obligations required to be 
preferred by law. 
 
 
 
Negativerklärung. Die Emittentin 
verpflichtet sich, solange Schuldver-
schreibungen ausstehen, jedoch 
nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem 
alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen 
der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung 
gestellt worden sind, (i) für Kapital-
marktverbindlichkeiten (wie nach-
stehend definiert) nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen kein dingliches Sicherungsrecht 
(für Zwecke dieses § 2(b), Siche-
rungsrecht) am eigenen gegenwär-
tigen oder zukünftigen Vermögen zu 
bestellen oder bestehen zu lassen 
und (ii) sicherzustellen, dass ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften 
(wie 
 
Negative pledge. The Issuer under-
takes, as long as any Notes are out-
standing but only up to the time all 
amounts of principal and interest 
have been provided to the Fiscal 
Agent, (i) not to provide or permit to 
subsist after the issue date of the 
Notes any security interest in rem 
(for purposes of this § 2(b), Secu-
rity Interest) upon its current or fu-
ture assets for any Capital Market 
Indebtedness (as defined below) 
and (ii) to procure that none of its 
Subsidiaries (as defined below) will 
provide or permit to subsist after the 
issue date of the Notes any Security 
Interest upon its respective current

--- Page 93 ---
93 
nachstehend definiert) für Kapital-
marktverbindlichkeiten (wie nach-
stehend definiert) nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen kein Sicherungsrecht am je-
weils eigenen gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen 
Vermögen 
bestellen 
oder bestehen lassen, ohne jeweils 
(in den Fällen von (i) oder (ii)) die 
Anleihegläubiger zur gleichen Zeit 
und im gleichen Rang an einem sol-
chen Sicherungsrecht teilhaben zu 
lassen. 
or future assets for any Capital Mar-
ket Indebtedness (as defined be-
low), in each case of (i) and (ii) with-
out at the same time letting the 
Noteholders share pari passu in 
such Security Interest. 
 
Die Verpflichtung nach Satz 1 die-
ses § 2(b) findet keine Anwendung 
auf ein Sicherungsrecht, das: 
The undertaking pursuant to sen-
tence 1 of this § 2(b) will not apply to 
a Security Interest which: 
 
 
 
nach dem anzuwendenden 
Recht zwingend notwendig 
ist; oder 
 
is mandatory according to ap-
plicable laws; or 
 
 
 
als 
Voraussetzung 
einer 
staatlichen Genehmigung er-
forderlich ist; oder 
 
is required as a prerequisite 
for governmental approvals; 
or 
 
 
 
zur Besicherung einer in Be-
zug auf oder im Zusammen-
hang mit einer Verbriefung 
oder vergleichbaren Finan-
zierungsvereinbarung in Be-
zug auf Vermögenswerte der 
Emittentin oder einer Tochter-
gesellschaft eingegangenen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
gestellt wird, bei der die Rück-
griffsrechte der Gläubiger der 
betreffenden 
Kapitalmarkt-
verbindlichkeit ausschließlich 
auf die betreffenden Vermö-
genswerte oder die daraus er-
zielten Erträge beschränkt 
sind, oder 
 
is provided to secure any 
Capital 
Markets Indebted-
ness incurred in respect of or 
in connection with any secu-
ritisation or similar financing 
arrangement relating to as-
sets owned by the Issuer or 
any Subsidiary and where the 
recourse of the holders of 
such Capital Markets Indebt-
edness is limited solely to 
such assets or any income 
generated therefrom; or 
 
 
 
am Vermögen einer, von der 
Emittentin oder einer Tochter-
gesellschaft erst nach dem 
Tag 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
er-
worbenen 
Person 
bestellt 
wurde, die mit dem Erwerb zu 
einer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
wird, sofern das betreffende 
Sicherungsrecht bereits im 
Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs durch 
die Emittentin oder die Toch-
tergesellschaft bestand, es 
sei denn, die betreffende 
 
was granted over assets of a 
Person acquired by the Issuer 
or a Subsidiary only after the 
issue date of the Notes which 
becomes a Subsidiary upon 
such acquisition, provided 
that the Security Interest had 
been in existence at the time 
of the acquisition by the Is-
suer or the Subsidiary, unless 
such Security Interest was 
granted in respect of the im-
pending acquisition of that

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
war im Hinblick auf den be-
vorstehenden Erwerb dieser 
Person durch die Emittentin 
oder die Tochtergesellschaft 
begründet worden; oder 
Person by the Issuer or the 
Subsidiary; or 
 
 
das von einer Tochtergesell-
schaft an ihren gegenwärti-
gen oder zukünftigen Forde-
rungen gegen die Emittentin 
bestellt wird, die aus der Wei-
terleitung als Darlehen des 
Erlöses aus der Begebung 
von Wertpapieren, die in Ak-
tien der Emittentin gewandelt 
oder umgetauscht werden 
können, durch die Tochterge-
sellschaft entstehen, sofern 
dieses Sicherungsrecht aus-
schließlich der Durchführung 
der Wandlung oder des Um-
tauschs der jeweiligen Wert-
papiere dient; oder 
 
is provided by any Subsidiary 
over any of its present or fu-
ture claims against the Issuer 
arising from the on-lending of 
the proceeds from the issu-
ance by the Subsidiary of any 
securities that are convertible 
or exchangeable into shares 
of the Issuer, provided that 
any such Security Interest 
serves solely to procure the 
conversion or exchange of 
such securities; or 
 
 
 
der Erneuerung, Verlänge-
rung oder den Austausch ir-
gendeines Sicherungsrechts 
gemäß vorstehend (i) bis (v) 
dient; oder 
 
is provided in connection with 
the renewal, extension or re-
placement of any security 
pursuant 
to 
foregoing 
(i) 
through (v); or 
 
 
 
eine Kapitalmarktverbindlich-
keit besichert, deren Betrag 
EUR 100.000.000 (aggregiert 
mit dem Betrag von anderen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkei-
ten, die ein Sicherungsrecht 
besitzen, welches nach den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen 
nicht erlaubt ist) oder den Ge-
genwert in anderen Währun-
gen zu jeder Zeit nicht über-
steigt.  
 
secures a Capital Market In-
debtedness the amount of 
which (when aggregated with 
the amount of any other Cap-
ital 
Market 
Indebtedness 
which has the benefit of a Se-
curity Interest not allowed un-
der the preceding sub-para-
graphs) does not exceed 
EUR 100,000,000 
or 
its 
equivalent in other currencies 
at any time. 
 
 
Ein nach diesem § 2(b) zu leisten-
des Sicherungsrecht kann auch zu 
Gunsten eines Treuhänders der An-
leihegläubiger bestellt werden. 
Any Security Interest which is to be 
provided in accordance with this 
§ 2(b) may also be provided to a 
person acting as trustee for the 
Noteholders. 
 
 
Im Sinne dieser Emissionsbedin-
gungen bezeichnet: 
For purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions: 
 
 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
bezeichnet jede Verpflichtung zur 
Rückzahlung aufgenommener Gel-
der (einschließlich Verpflichtungen 
Capital Market Indebtedness shall 
mean any obligation for the repay-
ment of borrowed money (including 
obligations 
by 
reason 
of 
any

--- Page 95 ---
95 
aus Garantien oder sonstigen Haf-
tungsübernahmen für eine solche 
Verbindlichkeit eines Dritten) in der 
Form von Anleihen, Schuldver-
schreibungen oder sonstigen Wert-
papieren, die an einer Börse, einem 
außerbörslichen Markt oder an ei-
nem anderen anerkannten Wertpa-
piermarkt notiert, zugelassen oder 
gehandelt werden können (zur Klar-
stellung: Schuldscheindarlehen sind 
keine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit). 
guarantee or other assumption of li-
ability for any such obligation of a 
third party) in the form of bonds, 
notes, debentures or any similar se-
curities which are capable of being 
quoted, listed or traded on any stock 
exchange, over-the-counter market 
or other recognised securities mar-
ket (for the avoidance of doubt: 
promissory 
notes 
(Schuldschein 
loans) shall be no Capital Market In-
debtedness).  
 
Person bezeichnet natürliche Per-
sonen, Körperschaften, Personen-
gesellschaften, Joint Ventures, Ver-
einigungen, 
Aktiengesellschaften, 
Trusts, nicht rechtsfähige Vereini-
gungen, Gesellschaften mit be-
schränkter Haftung, staatliche Stel-
len (oder Behörden oder Gebiets-
körperschaften) 
oder 
sonstige 
Rechtsträger. 
Person means any individual, cor-
poration, partnership, joint venture, 
association, joint stock company, 
trust, unincorporated organisation, 
limited liability company or govern-
ment (or any agency or political sub-
division thereof) or any other entity. 
 
 
Tochtergesellschaft 
bezeichnet 
jede Person, die bei der Erstellung 
der Konzernabschlüsse nach den in 
der EU anwendbaren International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
(IFRS) der Emittentin mit ihr konso-
lidiert werden muss. 
Subsidiary means any Person that 
must be consolidated with the Issuer 
for the purposes of preparing con-
solidated financial statements of the 
Issuer in accordance with IFRS as 
adopted by the EU. 
 
 
 
Zinsen 
 
Interest 
 
 
 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden be-
zogen auf ihre Festgelegte Stücke-
lung ab dem [Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(Verzinsungsbeginn) 
(einschließlich) bis zum Endfällig-
keitstag (ausschließlich) verzinst. 
 
Rate of interest and Interest Pay-
ment Dates. The Notes bear interest 
on their Specified Denomination 
from and including [insert Interest 
Commencement Date] (Interest 
Commencement Date) to but ex-
cluding the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
mit jährlich [Zinssatz einfügen] % 
verzinst. 
Die 
Zinsen 
sind 
nachträglich 
an 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
The Notes bear interest at the rate 
of [insert rate of interest] per cent. 
per annum, such interest being pay-
able in arrear on each Interest Pay-
ment Date. 
 
 
Zinszahlungstag bezeichnet den 
[Zinszahlungstag(e) einfügen] eines 
jeden Jahres, erstmals den [ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen]. 
Interest Payment Date means [in-
sert Interest Payment Date(s)] in 
each year, commencing on [insert 
first Interest Payment Date]. 
 
Im Falle ei-
ner kurzen 
oder 
Die erste Zinszahlung beläuft sich 
auf 
[anfänglichen 
The first payment of interest will 
amount to [insert initial Broken 
In 
the 
case of a 
short 
or

--- Page 96 ---
96 
langen ers-
ten Zinspe-
riode 
gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Festgelegter 
Stückelung einfügen] je Festgeleg-
ter Stückelung. 
Interest Amount per Specified De-
nomination] per Specified Denomi-
nation.  
long first 
coupon, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
Sofern der 
Endfällig-
keitstag 
kein Zins-
zahlungs-
tag ist, gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum ab dem 
[den letzten dem Endfälligkeitstag 
vorausgehenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen] (einschließlich) bis zum 
Endfälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) 
belaufen sich auf [abschließenden 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Festgelegter 
Stückelung einfügen] je Festgeleg-
ter Stückelung und sind nachträglich 
am Endfälligkeitstag zahlbar. 
Interest in respect of the period from 
and including [insert Interest Pay-
ment Date preceding the Maturity 
Date] to but excluding the Maturity 
Date will amount to [insert final Bro-
ken Interest Amount per Specified 
Denomination] per Specified De-
nomination, such interest being pay-
able in arrear on the Maturity Date. 
If the Ma-
turity Date 
is not an 
Interest 
Payment 
Date, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
Zinstagequotient. Zinsen für einen 
beliebigen Zeitraum (ausgenommen 
ist ein etwaiger Zeitraum, für den ein 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag festgelegt ist) 
werden auf der Grundlage des Zins-
tagequotienten berechnet. 
 
Day Count Fraction. If interest is re-
quired to be calculated for any pe-
riod of time (other than any period of 
time for which a broken interest 
amount has been fixed), such inter-
est shall be calculated on the basis 
of the Day Count Fraction. 
 
 
Zinstagequotient bezeichnet bei 
der Berechnung des Zinsbetrages 
für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (ab 
dem ersten Tag dieses Zeitraums 
(einschließlich) bis zum letzten Tag 
dieses Zeitraums (ausschließlich)) 
(Zinsberechnungszeitraum): 
Day Count Fraction means, in re-
spect of the calculation of an 
amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and includ-
ing the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last day of such pe-
riod) (Calculation Period): 
 
Wenn 
die 
"Actual / 
Actual 
(ICMA)" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
 
wenn der Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraum der Feststellungspe-
riode entspricht, in die er fällt, 
oder kürzer als diese ist, die 
Anzahl von Tagen in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum di-
vidiert durch das Produkt aus 
(A) der Anzahl von Tagen in 
der 
betreffenden 
Feststel-
lungsperiode und (B) der An-
zahl der Feststellungsperio-
den, die üblicherweise in ei-
nem Jahr enden; und 
 
if the Calculation Period is 
equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (A) 
the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (B) 
the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in 
any year; and 
If "Actual / 
Actual 
(ICMA)" 
applies, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
wenn der Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraum länger als eine Fest-
stellungsperiode 
ist, 
die 
Summe aus 
 
if the Calculation Period is 
longer than one Determina-
tion Period, the sum of: 
 
 
der Anzahl der Tage in 
dem betreffenden Zins-
berechnungszeitraum, 
 
the number of days in 
such Calculation Pe-
riod 
falling 
in 
the

--- Page 97 ---
97 
die in die Feststel-
lungsperiode fallen, in 
der der Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum 
be-
ginnt, dividiert durch 
das Produkt aus (1) der 
Anzahl der Tage in der 
betreffenden Feststel-
lungsperiode und (2) 
der Anzahl der Fest-
stellungsperioden, die 
üblicherweise in einem 
Jahr enden; und 
Determination 
Period 
in which the Calcula-
tion Period begins di-
vided by the product of 
(1) the number of days 
in such Determination 
Period and (2) the 
number of Determina-
tion Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
 
 
die Anzahl der Tage in 
dem betreffenden Zins-
berechnungszeitraum, 
die in die nachfolgende 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, dividiert durch 
das Produkt aus (1) der 
Anzahl der Tage in der 
betreffenden Feststel-
lungsperiode und (2) 
der Anzahl der Fest-
stellungsperioden, die 
üblicherweise in einem 
Jahr enden. 
 
the number of days in 
such Calculation Pe-
riod falling in the next 
Determination 
Period 
divided by the product 
of (1) the number of 
days in such Determi-
nation Period and (2) 
the number of Determi-
nation 
Periods 
nor-
mally ending in any 
year 
 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
 
 
Feststellungstermin bezeichnet je-
den [Feststellungstermin(e) einfü-
gen];  
Determination Date means each 
[insert Determination Date(s)]; 
 
 
Feststellungsperiode bezeichnet 
jeden Zeitraum ab einem Feststel-
lungstermin (einschließlich), der in 
ein beliebiges Jahr fällt, bis zum 
nächsten Feststellungstermin (aus-
schließlich). 
Determination Period means each 
period from and including a Determi-
nation Date in any year to but ex-
cluding the next Determination 
Date. 
 
 
 
 
 
Wenn 
die 
"Actual / 
Actual 
(ISDA)" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein 
Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) 
der tatsächlichen Anzahl der Tage in 
dem Teil des Zinsberechnungszeit-
raums, die in das Schaltjahr fallen, 
dividiert durch 366 und (B) die tat-
sächliche Anzahl der Tage in dem 
Teil 
des 
the actual number of days in the Cal-
culation Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of that Calculation Pe-
riod falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period fall-
ing in a leap year divided by 366 and 
(B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period not 
falling in a leap year divided by 365). 
If "Actual / 
Actual 
(ISDA)" 
applies, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies:

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
die 
nicht in ein Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert 
durch 365). 
 
 
 
 
Wenn 
die 
"Actual / 
365 
(Fi-
xed)" Me-
thode 
an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 365. 
the actual number of days in the Cal-
culation Period divided by 365. 
If "Actual / 
365 
(Fixed)" 
applies, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn 
die 
"Actual / 
360" 
Me-
thode 
an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360. 
the actual number of days in the Cal-
culation Period divided by 360. 
If "Actual / 
360" 
ap-
plies, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn 
die 
"30 / 
360"oder 
"360 / 360" 
oder Bond 
Basis Me-
thode 
an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
berechnet gemäß der nachfolgen-
den Formel: 
the number of days in the Calcula-
tion Period divided by 360, calcu-
lated pursuant to the following for-
mula: 
If 
"30 / 
360" 
or 
"360 / 
360" 
or 
Bond Ba-
sis 
ap-
plies, the 
following 
applies: 
 
𝑍𝑇𝑄=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
 
𝐷𝐶𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
 
 
ZTQ ist gleich der Zinstagequotient; 
DCF means Day Count Fraction; 
 
 
J1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Zins-
berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a num-
ber, in which the first day of the Cal-
culation Period falls; 
 
 
J2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den 
letzten Tag des Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a num-
ber, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calcula-
tion Period falls;

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausge-
drückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed 
as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausge-
drückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, 
der auf den letzten Tag des Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar 
folgt; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed 
as number, in which the day imme-
diately following the last day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
 
T1 ist der erste Tag des Zinsberech-
nungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 
31, in welchem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; 
und 
D1 is the first calendar day, ex-
pressed as a number, of the Calcu-
lation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
 
 
T2 ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, 
der auf den letzten Tag des Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar 
folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 
31, in welchem Fall T2 gleich 30 ist. 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as 
a number, immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
 
 
 
 
 
Wenn 
die 
"30E / 360" 
oder "Eu-
robond Ba-
sis" 
Me-
thode 
an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, 
berechnet gemäß der nachfolgen-
den Formel: 
the number of days in the Calcula-
tion Period divided by 360, calcu-
lated pursuant to the following for-
mula: 
If 
"30E / 
360" 
or 
"Euro-
bond Ba-
sis" 
ap-
plies, the 
following 
applies: 
 
𝑍𝑇𝑄=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
 
𝐷𝐶𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
 
 
ZTQ ist gleich der Zinstagequotient; 
DCF means Day Count Fraction; 
 
 
J1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Zins-
berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a num-
ber, in which the first day of the Cal-
culation Period falls; 
 
 
J2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den 
letzten Tag des Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a num-
ber, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calcula-
tion Period falls; 
 
 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausge-
drückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed 
as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausge-
drückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed 
as number, in which the day

--- Page 100 ---
100 
der auf den letzten Tag des Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar 
folgt; 
immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
 
T1 ist der erste Tag des Zinsberech-
nungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 
31, in welchem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; 
und 
D1 is the first calendar day, ex-
pressed as a number, of the Calcu-
lation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
 
 
T2 ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, 
der auf den letzten Tag des Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar 
folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 
31 und T1 ist größer als 29, in wel-
chem Fall T2 gleich 30 ist. 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as 
a number, immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30. 
 
 
 
Ende des Zinslaufs. Der Zinslauf der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet an 
dem Ende des Tages, der dem Tag 
vorausgeht, an dem sie zur Rück-
zahlung fällig werden. Falls die 
Emittentin die Schuldverschreibun-
gen bei Fälligkeit nicht zurückzahlt, 
endet die Verzinsung des ausste-
henden Nennbetrags der Schuld-
verschreibungen nicht am Tag vor 
dem Fälligkeitstag, sondern erst an 
dem Ende des Tages, der dem Tag 
der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen vorausgeht. 
Der jeweils geltende Zinssatz wird 
gemäß diesem § 3 bestimmt. Wei-
tergehende Ansprüche der Anleihe-
gläubiger bleiben unberührt. 
 
Cessation of Interest Accrual. The 
Notes shall cease to bear interest 
from the end of the day preceding 
their due date for redemption. If the 
Issuer fails to redeem the Notes 
when due, interest shall continue to 
accrue on the outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes beyond the due 
date until the end of the day preced-
ing the actual redemption of the 
Notes. The applicable rate of inter-
est will be determined in accordance 
with this § 3. This does not affect 
any additional rights that might be 
available to the Noteholders. 
 
 
 
Rückzahlung 
 
Redemption 
 
 
 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. So-
weit nicht zuvor bereits insgesamt 
oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft und eingezogen, werden 
die Schuldverschreibungen zu ih-
rem Nennbetrag am [Endfälligkeits-
tag einfügen] (Endfälligkeitstag) 
zurückgezahlt.  
 
Redemption at maturity. To the ex-
tent not previously redeemed in 
whole or in part, or purchased and 
cancelled the Notes shall be re-
deemed at their principal amount on 
[insert Maturity Date] (Maturity 
Date).  
 
 
 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung wegen des 
Eintritts eines Gross-up-Ereignis-
ses. 
 
Early redemption following a Gross 
up Event. 
 
 
Sofern ein Gross-up-Ereignis (wie 
nachstehend definiert) eintritt, ist die 
Emittentin berechtigt, die Schuldver-
schreibungen (insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht nur teilweise) durch Kündi-
gungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) 
If a Gross up Event (as defined be-
low) occurs, the Issuer may, upon 
giving a notice of redemption in ac-
cordance with § 4(d), call the Notes 
for early redemption (in whole but 
not in part) at any time with effect on

--- Page 101 ---
101 
jederzeit mit Wirkung zu dem in der 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
festgelegten Rückzahlungstag zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu kündi-
gen. Wenn die Emittentin ihr Kündi-
gungsrecht gemäß § 4(b) Satz 1 
ausübt, ist die Emittentin verpflich-
tet, jede Schuldverschreibung an 
dem in der Kündigungserklärung 
festgelegten Rückzahlungstag zu 
ihrer Festgelegten Stückelung zu-
züglich der bis zum festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzuzah-
len. 
the redemption date specified in the 
notice in accordance with § 4(d). If 
the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with sentence 1 of 
§ 4(b), the Issuer shall redeem each 
Note at its Specified Denomination 
together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the redemption date spec-
ified in the notice on the redemption 
date specified in the notice. 
 
Eine solche Kündigungserklärung 
darf nicht früher als 90 Tage vor 
dem Tag erfolgen, an dem die Emit-
tentin erstmals verpflichtet wäre, Zu-
sätzliche Beträge (wie in § 6 defi-
niert) zu zahlen. 
No such notice of redemption shall 
be given earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be for the first time obliged to 
pay any Additional Amounts (as de-
fined in § 6). 
 
Ein Gross-up-Ereignis tritt ein, 
wenn der Emittentin ein Gutachten 
einer anerkannten Anwaltskanzlei 
vorliegt (und die Emittentin der 
Emissionsstelle eine Kopie davon 
gibt), aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
Emittentin aufgrund einer an oder 
nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
letzten Tranche der Schuldver-
schreibungen in Kraft tretenden Än-
derung oder Klarstellung der Ge-
setze, Verordnungen oder sonsti-
gen Vorschriften des Staats, in dem 
die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig 
ist, einer seiner Gebietskörperschaf-
ten oder einer seiner zur Erhebung 
von Steuern berechtigten Behörden 
oder sonstigen Stellen (einschließ-
lich des Falles, dass die betreffende 
Änderung oder Klarstellung rückwir-
kend Anwendung findet), oder auf-
grund einer Änderung der Ausle-
gung oder Anwendung, oder auf-
grund einer erstmaligen Auslegung 
oder Anwendung dieser Gesetze, 
Verordnungen oder sonstigen Vor-
schriften durch eine gesetzgebende 
Körperschaft, ein Gericht oder eine 
Behörde (einschließlich des Erlas-
ses von Gesetzen sowie der Be-
kanntmachung von Entscheidungen 
eines Gerichts oder einer Behörde) 
A Gross up Event will occur if an opinion 
of a recognised law firm has been deliv-
ered to the Issuer (and the Issuer has pro-
vided the Fiscal Agent with a copy thereof) 
stating that, as a result of any change in, 
or amendment or clarification to, the laws, 
regulations or other rules of the Issuer's 
country of domicile for tax purposes, any of 
its political subdivisions or any authority or 
any other agency of or in such country hav-
ing power to tax (including in case any 
such change, amendment or clarification 
has retroactive effect), or as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarification 
to, the interpretation or application, or as a 
result of any interpretation or application 
made for the first time, of any such laws, 
regulations or other rules by any legislative 
body, court or authority (including the en-
actment of any legislation and the publica-
tion of any decision of any court or author-
ity), which change or amendment be-
comes effective on or after the date of is-
sue of the last tranche of the Notes, the Is-
suer has or will become obliged to pay Ad-
ditional Amounts pursuant to § 6 on the 
Notes, and that obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking such 
measures it (acting in good faith) deems 
reasonable and appropriate.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
verpflichtet ist oder verpflichtet sein 
wird, Zusätzliche Beträge gemäß 
§ 6 auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zu zahlen, und die Emittentin diese 
Verpflichtung nicht abwenden kann, 
indem sie Maßnahmen ergreift, die 
sie nach Treu und Glauben für zu-
mutbar und angemessen hält. 
 
 
[Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin] [Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emit-
tentin].  
 
[No early redemption at the option of 
the Issuer] [Early redemption at the 
option of the Issuer].  
 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
kein Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen 
nach 
§ 4(c) vor-
zeitig 
zu-
rückzuzah-
len, 
gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, 
die Schuldverschreibungen vor dem 
Endfälligkeitstag 
zurückzuzahlen, 
außer nach Maßgabe von § 4(b). 
The Issuer is not entitled to call the 
Notes prior to the Maturity Date, oth-
erwise than provided in § 4(b). 
If 
Notes 
are 
not 
subject to 
early 
re-
demption 
pursuant 
to 
§ 4(c), 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen 
nach 
eigener 
Wahl zum 
Make-
Whole 
Rückzah-
lungsbe-
trag vorzei-
tig zurück-
zuzahlen, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
[(i)] 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt 
und nicht nur teilweise) durch Kün-
digungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) je-
derzeit mit Wirkung zu dem in der 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
festgelegten Rückzahlungstag zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu kündi-
gen. Wenn die Emittentin ihr Kündi-
gungsrecht gemäß § 4(c)[(i)] Satz 1 
ausübt, ist die Emittentin verpflich-
tet, jede Schuldverschreibung an 
dem in der Kündigungserklärung ge-
mäß § 4(d) festgelegten Rückzah-
lungstag zu ihrem Make-Whole 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich der 
bis zum Rückzahlungstag (aus-
schließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
[(i)] 
The Issuer may, upon giving a no-
tice of redemption in accordance 
with § 4(d), call the Notes for early 
redemption (in whole but not in part) 
at any time with effect on the re-
demption date specified in the no-
tice in accordance with § 4(d). If the 
Issuer exercises its call right in ac-
cordance 
with 
sentence 
1 
of 
§ 4(c)[(i)], the Issuer shall redeem 
each Note at its Make-Whole Re-
demption Amount together with in-
terest accrued to but excluding the 
redemption date specified in the no-
tice in accordance with § 4(d) on the 
redemption date specified in the no-
tice in accordance with § 4(d). 
If 
Notes 
are 
sub-
ject 
to 
early 
re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Issuer 
at 
the Make-
Whole Re-
demption 
Amount, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
Der Make-Whole Rückzahlungs-
betrag je Schuldverschreibung ent-
spricht dem höheren von: 
The 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Amount per Note shall be the 
higher of:

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
der Festgelegten Stückelung; 
oder 
 
the Specified Denomination; 
or 
 
 
 
dem Abgezinsten Marktwert. 
 
the Present Value. 
 
 
Der Make-Whole Rückzahlungsbe-
trag wird von der Make-Whole Be-
rechnungsstelle berechnet. 
The 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Amount shall be calculated by the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent. 
 
 
Der Abgezinste Marktwert ist die 
Summe aus 
The Present Value will be the sum 
of 
 
 
 
dem auf den Rückzahlungs-
tag abgezinsten Wert des 
Nennbetrags der zurückzu-
zahlenden Schuldverschrei-
bung 
[falls 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
oder 
Call-
Rückzahlungsperiode(n) 
nicht 
festgelegt 
werden 
oder Folgendes anwendbar 
sein soll, einfügen: , der an-
sonsten am Endfälligkeitstag 
fällig werden würde] [falls 
nur ein Call-Rückzahlungs-
tag festgelegt wird und Fol-
gendes 
anwendbar 
sein 
soll, einfügen: (i) am Call-
Rückzahlungstag (wobei un-
terstellt wird, dass die Schuld-
verschreibungen an diesem 
Call-Rückzahlungstag 
zu-
rückgezahlt werden würden); 
oder (ii) sofern der Call-Rück-
zahlungstag vor dem Rück-
zahlungstag liegt, am Endfäl-
ligkeitstag] [falls mehrere 
Call-Rückzahlungstage 
festgelegt werden und Fol-
gendes 
anwendbar 
sein 
soll, einfügen: (i) an dem auf 
den Rückzahlungstag unmit-
telbar folgenden Call-Rück-
zahlungstag (wobei unter-
stellt wird, dass die Schuld-
verschreibungen an diesem 
Call-Rückzahlungstag 
zu-
rückgezahlt werden würden); 
oder (ii) wenn es keinen Call-
Rückzahlungstag nach dem 
Rückzahlungstag gibt, am 
Endfälligkeitstag] [falls nur 
eine Call-Rückzahlungspe-
riode festgelegt wird und 
Folgendes anwendbar sein 
soll, einfügen: (i) am ersten 
 
the Specified Denomination 
to be redeemed [if Call Re-
demption Date(s) or Call 
Redemption Period(s) are 
not specified or the follow-
ing shall be applicable, in-
sert: which would otherwise 
become due on the Maturity 
Date] [if only one Call Re-
demption Date is specified 
and the following shall be 
applicable, insert: (i) on the 
Call Redemption Date (as-
suming for this purpose that 
the Notes would be re-
deemed on such Call Re-
demption Date); or (ii) if the 
Call Redemption Date falls 
prior to the redemption date, 
the Maturity Date] [if multiple 
Call Redemption Dates are 
specified and the following 
shall be applicable, insert: 
(i) on the Call Redemption 
Date next following the re-
demption date (assuming for 
this purpose that the Notes 
would be redeemed on such 
Call Redemption Date); or 
(ii) if there is no Call Redemp-
tion Date following the re-
demption date, the Maturity 
Date] [if only one Call Re-
demption Period is speci-
fied and the following shall 
be applicable, insert: (i) on 
the first day of the Call Re-
demption Period (assuming 
for this purpose that the 
Notes would be redeemed on 
the first day of such Call Re-
demption Period); or (ii) if the 
first day of the Call Redemp-
tion Period falls prior to the re-
demption date, the Maturity

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Tag der Call-Rückzahlungs-
periode 
(wobei 
unterstellt 
wird, dass die Schuldver-
schreibungen am ersten Tag 
dieser Call-Rückzahlungspe-
riode zurückgezahlt werden 
würden); oder (ii) sofern der 
erste Tag der Call-Rückzah-
lungsperiode vor dem Rück-
zahlungstag liegt, am Endfäl-
ligkeitstag] [falls mehrere 
Call-Rückzahlungsperio-
den festgelegt werden und 
Folgendes anwendbar sein 
soll, einfügen: (i) am ersten 
Tag der Call-Rückzahlungs-
periode, die unmittelbar nach 
dem Rückzahlungstag be-
ginnt (wobei unterstellt wird, 
dass die Schuldverschreibun-
gen am ersten Tag dieser 
Call-Rückzahlungsperiode 
zurückgezahlt werden wür-
den); oder (ii) wenn keine 
Call-Rückzahlungsperiode 
nach dem Rückzahlungstag 
beginnt, 
am 
Endfälligkeitstag]; und 
Date] [if multiple Call Re-
demption Periods are spec-
ified and the following shall 
be applicable, insert: (i) on 
the first day of the Call Re-
demption Period next com-
mencing after the redemption 
date (assuming for this pur-
pose that the Notes would be 
redeemed on the first day of 
such Call Redemption Pe-
riod); or (ii) if there is no Call 
Redemption 
Period 
com-
mencing after the redemption 
date, the Maturity Date], dis-
counted to the redemption 
date; and 
 
 
den jeweils auf den Rückzah-
lungstag abgezinsten Werten 
der verbleibenden Zinszah-
lungen, die ansonsten an je-
dem Zinszahlungstag nach 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag 
bis 
zum 
[falls 
Call-Rückzah-
lungstag(e) oder Call-Rück-
zahlungsperiode(n) 
nicht 
festgelegt werden oder Fol-
gendes 
anwendbar 
sein 
soll: Endfälligkeitstag] [falls 
nur ein Call- Rückzahlungs-
tag festgelegt wird und Fol-
gendes 
anwendbar 
sein 
soll, einfügen: (i) Call-Rück-
zahlungstag (wobei unter-
stellt wird, dass der Zinslauf 
an diesem Call- Rückzah-
lungstag endet); oder (ii) so-
fern der Call- Rückzahlungs-
tag vor dem Rückzahlungstag 
liegt, am Endfälligkeitstag] 
[falls mehrere Call-Rück-
zahlungstage 
festgelegt 
werden und Folgendes an-
wendbar sein soll, einfü-
gen: (i) auf den Rückzah-
lungstag 
unmittelbar 
 
the remaining interest pay-
ments which would otherwise 
become due on each Interest 
Payment Date falling after the 
redemption date to and in-
cluding [if Call Redemption 
Date(s) or Call Redemption 
Period(s) are not specified 
or the following shall be ap-
plicable, insert: the Maturity 
Date] [if only one Call Re-
demption Date is specified 
and the following shall be 
applicable, insert: (i) the Call 
Redemption Date (assuming 
for this purpose that interest 
would cease to accrue from 
such Call Redemption Date); 
or (ii) if the Call Redemption 
Date falls prior to the redemp-
tion date, the Maturity Date] 
[if multiple Call Redemption 
Dates are specified and the 
following shall be applica-
ble, insert: (i) the Call Re-
demption Date next following 
the redemption date (assum-
ing for this purpose that inter-
est would cease to accrue

--- Page 105 ---
105 
folgenden 
Call-Rückzah-
lungstag (wobei unterstellt 
wird, dass der Zinslauf an die-
sem Call- Rückzahlungstag 
endet); oder (ii) wenn es kei-
nen Call- Rückzahlungstag 
nach dem Rückzahlungstag 
gibt, 
am 
Endfälligkeitstag] 
[falls nur eine Call- Rück-
zahlungsperiode festgelegt 
wird und Folgendes an-
wendbar sein soll, einfü-
gen: (i) ersten Tag der Call- 
Rückzahlungsperiode (wobei 
unterstellt wird, dass der Zins-
lauf am ersten Tag dieser 
Call-Rückzahlungsperiode 
endet); oder (ii) sofern der 
erste Tag der Call- Rückzah-
lungsperiode vor dem Rück-
zahlungstag liegt, am Endfäl-
ligkeitstag] [falls mehrere 
Call-Rückzahlungsperio-
den festgelegt werden und 
Folgendes anwendbar sein 
soll, einfügen: (i) ersten Tag 
der Call- Rückzahlungsperi-
ode, die unmittelbar nach 
dem Rückzahlungstag be-
ginnt (wobei unterstellt wird, 
dass der Zinslauf am ersten 
Tag dieser Call- Rückzah-
lungsperiode 
endet); 
oder 
(ii) wenn keine Call-Rückzah-
lungsperiode 
nach 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag beginnt, am 
Endfälligkeitstag] (einschließ-
lich) fällig werden würden. 
from such Call Redemption 
Date); or (ii) if there is no Call 
Redemption Date following
 the redemption date, the Ma-
turity Date] [if only one Call 
Redemption Period is spec-
ified and the following shall 
be applicable, insert: (i) the 
first day of the Call Redemp-
tion Period (assuming for this 
purpose that interest would 
cease to accrue from the first 
day of such Call Redemption 
Period); or (ii) if the first day of 
the Call Redemption Period 
falls prior to the redemption 
date, the Maturity Date] [if 
multiple Call Redemption 
Periods are specified and 
the following shall be appli-
cable, insert: (i) the first day 
of the Call Redemption Pe-
riod next commencing after 
the redemption date (assum-
ing for this purpose that inter-
est would cease to accrue 
from the first day of such Call 
Redemption Period); or (ii) if 
there is no Call Redemption 
Period commencing after the 
redemption date, the Maturity 
Date], each discounted to the 
redemption date. 
 
abzüglich etwaiger aufgelaufener 
Zinsen bis zum Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
minus any interest accrued to but 
excluding the redemption date. 
 
 
Die Make-Whole Berechnungsstelle 
errechnet den Abgezinsten Markt-
wert gemäß der Marktkonvention 
auf einer Grundlage, die der Berech-
nung von Zinsen gemäß § 3 ent-
spricht, wobei sie die Benchmark-
Rendite zuzüglich [Prozentsatz ein-
fügen]% zugrunde legt. 
The Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
will calculate the Present Value in 
accordance with market convention 
on a basis which is consistent with 
the calculation of interest as set out 
in § 3, using the Benchmark Yield 
plus [insert percentage] per cent. 
 
 
Die Benchmark-Rendite bezeich-
net die am Rückzahlungs-Berech-
nungstag bestehende Rendite der 
entsprechenden [einfügen: [Euro-
Referenz-Anleihe 
der 
The Benchmark Yield means the 
yield at the Redemption Calculation 
Date of the corresponding [insert 
[euro denominated benchmark debt 
security of the Federal Republic of

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland] [an-
dere Referenzanleihe] unter An-
gabe folgender Einzelheiten: ISIN 
oder andere Wertpapierkennung, 
wie 
gegen 
12:00 Uhr mittags 
[(Frankfurter Zeit)] [andere rele-
vante Zeitzone] an diesem Tag auf 
der Bloomberg Seite [ISIN] Govt HP 
(unter Nutzung der Einstellung "Last 
Yield to Convention" und der Preis-
quelle ["FRNK"] [andere relevante 
Preisquelle]) abgelesen, oder wie 
von einer anderen, durch die Make-
Whole Berechnungsstelle festgeleg-
ten, Quelle hergeleitet oder veröf-
fentlicht] oder sollte die Rendite zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt nicht verfügbar 
sein, bezeichnet die Benchmark-
Rendite eine ersetzende Referenz-
anleihe, die von der Make-Whole 
Berechnungsstelle festgesetzt wird, 
die jeweils mit einer Laufzeit, die mit 
der verbleibenden Restlaufzeit der 
Schuldverschreibung bis zum [falls 
Call-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
oder 
Call-Rückzahlungsperiode(n) 
nicht festgelegt werden oder Fol-
gendes anwendbar sein soll: End-
fälligkeitstag] [falls nur ein Call-
Rückzahlungstag festgelegt wird 
und Folgendes anwendbar sein 
soll, einfügen: (i) Call-Rückzah-
lungstag; oder (ii) sofern der Call-
Rückzahlungstag vor dem Rückzah-
lungstag liegt, zum Endfälligkeits-
tag] [falls mehrere Call-Rückzah-
lungstage festgelegt werden und 
Folgendes anwendbar sein soll, 
einfügen: (i) auf den Rückzahlungs-
tag unmittelbar folgenden Call-
Rückzahlungstag; oder (ii) wenn es 
keinen Call-Rückzahlungstag nach 
dem Rückzahlungstag gibt, zum 
Endfälligkeitstag] [falls nur eine 
Call-Rückzahlungsperiode 
fest-
gelegt wird und Folgendes an-
wendbar 
sein 
soll, 
einfügen: 
(i) ersten Tag der Call-Rückzah-
lungsperiode; oder (ii) sofern der 
erste Tag der Call-Rückzahlungspe-
riode vor dem Rückzahlungstag 
liegt, zum Endfälligkeitstag] [falls 
mehrere Call-Rückzahlungsperio-
den festgelegt werden und Fol-
gendes anwendbar sein soll, 
Germany] [other relevant bench-
mark] specifying the following de-
tails: ISIN or other securities code, 
as 
observed 
at 
around 
noon 
[(Frankfurt time)] [other relevant 
time] on such date on Bloomberg 
page [ISIN] Govt HP (using the set-
ting "Last Yield to Convention" and 
using the pricing source ["FRNK"] 
[other source as relevant]), or as de-
rived or published by such other 
source as determined by the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent], and if 
such yield is not available at that 
time the Benchmark Yield shall be 
the yield of a substitute benchmark 
security chosen by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent, in each case as 
having a maturity comparable to the 
remaining term of the Note to [if Call 
Redemption Date(s) or Call Re-
demption Period(s) are not speci-
fied or the following shall be ap-
plicable, insert: the Maturity Date] 
[if only one Call Redemption Date 
is specified and the following 
shall be applicable, insert: (i) the 
Call Redemption Date; or (ii) if the 
Call Redemption Date falls prior to 
the redemption date, the Maturity 
Date] [if multiple Call Redemption 
Dates are specified and the fol-
lowing shall be applicable, insert: 
(i) the Call Redemption Date next 
following the redemption date; or 
(ii) if there is no Call Redemption 
Date following the redemption date, 
the Maturity Date] [if only one Call 
Redemption Period is specified 
and the following shall be appli-
cable, insert: (i) the first day of the 
Call Redemption Period; or (ii) if the 
first day of the Call Redemption Pe-
riod falls prior to the redemption 
date, the Maturity Date] [if multiple 
Call Redemption Periods are 
specified and the following shall 
be applicable, insert: (i) the first 
day of the Call Redemption Period 
next commencing after the redemp-
tion date; or (ii) if there is no Call Re-
demption Period commencing after 
the redemption date, the Maturity 
Date], and that would be used at the 
time of selection and in accordance

--- Page 107 ---
107 
einfügen: (i) ersten Tag der Call-
Rückzahlungsperiode, die unmittel-
bar nach dem Rückzahlungstag be-
ginnt; oder (ii) wenn es keine Call-
Rückzahlungsperiode 
nach 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag gibt, zum Endfäl-
ligkeitstag] vergleichbar ist, und die 
im Zeitpunkt der Auswahlentschei-
dung und entsprechend der übli-
chen Finanzmarktpraxis zur Preis-
bestimmung 
bei 
Neuemissionen 
von Unternehmensanleihen mit ei-
ner bis zum [falls Call-Rückzah-
lungstag(e) oder Call- Rückzah-
lungsperiode(n) nicht festgelegt 
werden oder Folgendes anwend-
bar sein soll: Endfälligkeitstag] 
[falls nur ein Call- Rückzahlungs-
tag festgelegt wird und Folgen-
des anwendbar sein soll, einfü-
gen: (i) Call-Rückzahlungstag; oder 
(ii) sofern der Call-Rückzahlungstag 
vor dem Rückzahlungstag liegt, zum 
Endfälligkeitstag] [falls mehrere 
Call-Rückzahlungstage 
festge-
legt werden und Folgendes an-
wendbar sein soll, einfügen: (i) auf 
den Rückzahlungstag unmittelbar 
folgenden 
Call-Rückzahlungstag; 
oder (ii) wenn es keinen Call-Rück-
zahlungstag nach dem Rückzah-
lungstag gibt, zum Endfälligkeitstag] 
[falls nur eine Call- Rückzah-
lungsperiode festgelegt wird und 
Folgendes anwendbar sein soll, 
einfügen: (i) ersten Tag der Call-
Rückzahlungsperiode; oder (ii) so-
fern der erste Tag der Call-Rückzah-
lungsperiode vor dem Rückzah-
lungstag liegt, zum Endfälligkeits-
tag] [falls mehrere Call-Rückzah-
lungsperioden festgelegt werden 
und Folgendes anwendbar sein 
soll, einfügen: (i) ersten Tag der 
Call-Rückzahlungsperiode, die un-
mittelbar nach dem Rückzahlungs-
tag; oder (ii) wenn es keine Call-
Rückzahlungsperiode 
nach 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag gibt, zum Endfäl-
ligkeitstag] 
der 
Schuldverschrei-
bung vergleichbaren Laufzeit ver-
wendet werden würde. 
with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of comparable maturity to 
[if Call Redemption Date(s) or Call 
Redemption Period(s) are not 
specified or the following shall be 
applicable, insert: the Maturity 
Date] [if only one Call Redemp-
tion Date is specified and the fol-
lowing shall be applicable, insert: 
(i) the Call Redemption Date; or (ii) 
if the Call Redemption Date falls 
prior to the redemption date, the Ma-
turity Date] [if multiple Call Re-
demption Dates are specified and 
the following shall be applicable, 
insert: (i) the Call Redemption Date 
next following the redemption date; 
or (ii) if there is no Call Redemption 
Date following the redemption date, 
the Maturity Date] [if only one Call 
Redemption Period is specified 
and the following shall be appli-
cable, insert: (i) the first day of the 
Call Redemption Period; or (ii) if the 
first day of the Call Redemption Pe-
riod falls prior to the redemption 
date, the Maturity Date] [if multiple 
Call Redemption Periods are 
specified and the following shall 
be applicable, insert: (i) the first 
day of the Call Redemption Period 
next commencing after the redemp-
tion date; or (ii) if there is no Call Re-
demption Period commencing after 
the redemption date, the Maturity 
Date]. 
 
Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag 
ist der zehnte Geschäftstag vor dem 
Redemption 
Calculation 
Date 
means the tenth Business Day prior

--- Page 108 ---
108 
Tag, an dem die Schuldverschrei-
bungen gemäß diesem § 4(c)(i) zu-
rückgezahlt werden. 
to the date on which the Notes are 
redeemed in accordance with this 
§ 4(c)(i). 
 
 
 
 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen 
nach 
eigener 
Wahl 
an 
Call-Rück-
zahlungs-
tag(e) vor-
zeitig 
zu-
rückzuzah-
len, 
gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
[(ii)] Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt 
und nicht nur teilweise) durch Kün-
digungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) mit 
Wirkung zu dem / den Call-Rück-
zahlungstag(en) 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn 
die Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht 
gemäß § 4(c)[(ii)] Satz 1 ausübt, ist 
die Emittentin verpflichtet, jede 
Schuldverschreibung an dem in der 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
festgelegten Call-Rückzahlungstag 
zu ihrem jeweiligen Call-Rückzah-
lungsbetrag zuzüglich der bis zu 
dem in der Kündigungserklärung ge-
mäß § 4(d) festgelegten Call-Rück-
zahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufge-
laufenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
[(ii)] The Issuer may, upon giving a no-
tice of redemption in accordance 
with § 4(d), call the Notes for early 
redemption (in whole but not in part) 
with effect on the Call Redemption 
Date(s). If the Issuer exercises its 
call right in accordance with sen-
tence 1 of § 4(c)[(ii)], the Issuer 
shall redeem each Note at its Call 
Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the 
Call Redemption Date specified in 
the notice in accordance with § 4(d) 
on the Call Redemption Date speci-
fied in the notice in accordance with 
§ 4(d). 
If 
Notes 
are 
sub-
ject 
to 
early 
re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Issuer on 
Call 
Re-
demption 
Date(s), 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
Call-
Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) 
Call-
Rückzahlungsbe-
trag 
Call  
Redemption 
Date(s) 
Call  
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
 
[Call-Rückzah-
lungstag(e) einfü-
gen] 
[Call-
Rückzahlungsbe-
trag/beträge 
einfügen] 
[insert Call Re-
demption Date(s)] 
[insert Call Redemp-
tion Amount(s)] 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls 
die 
Anleihe-
gläubiger 
ebenfalls 
ein 
Recht 
haben, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen vorzei-
tig zu kün-
digen, gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldver-
schreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
bereits der Anleihegläubiger in Aus-
übung seines Rechts gemäß § 4(e) 
verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note which 
is the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Noteholder thereof of its option 
to require the redemption of such 
Note in accordance with § 4(e). 
If 
Notes 
are 
also 
subject to 
early 
re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Notehold-
ers, 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
[(iii)] Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt 
[(iii)] The Issuer may, upon giving a no-
tice of redemption in accordance 
If 
Notes 
are

--- Page 109 ---
109 
das Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen 
wäh-
rend einer 
Call-Rück-
zahlungs-
periode 
nach eige-
ner 
Wahl 
vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
und nicht nur teilweise) durch Kün-
digungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) mit 
Wirkung zu dem Call-Rückzah-
lungstag zur vorzeitigen Rückzah-
lung zu kündigen. Wenn die Emit-
tentin ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß 
§ 4(c)[(iii)] Satz 1 ausübt, ist die 
Emittentin verpflichtet, jede Schuld-
verschreibung an dem Call-Rück-
zahlungstag zu ihrem jeweiligen 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
der bis zu dem Call-Rückzahlungs-
tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.  
with § 4(d), call the Notes for early 
redemption (in whole but not in part) 
with effect on the Call Redemption 
Date. If the Issuer exercises its call 
right in accordance with sentence 1 
of § 4(c)[(iii)], the Issuer shall re-
deem each Note at its Call Redemp-
tion Amount together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the Call 
Redemption Date on the Call Re-
demption Date. 
subject to 
early 
re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Issuer 
during 
Call 
Re-
demption 
Period, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
Call-Rückzahlungstag bezeichnet einen 
Geschäftstag innerhalb einer Call-Rück-
zahlungsperiode. 
Call Redemption Date means each Busi-
ness Day within the Call Redemption Pe-
riod(s) as selected by the Issuer. 
 
 
Call- 
Rückzahlung-
speriode 
Call-
Rückzahlungsbe-
trag 
Call Redemption  
Period(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
 
[Call-Rückzahl-
ungsperiode 
einfügen] 
[Call-
Rückzahlungsbe-
trag/beträge 
einfügen] 
[insert Call Re-
demption Pe-
riod(s)] 
[insert Call Re-
demption 
Amount(s)] 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls 
die 
Anleihe-
gläubiger 
ebenfalls 
ein 
Recht 
haben, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen vorzei-
tig zu kün-
digen, gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldver-
schreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
bereits der Anleihegläubiger in Aus-
übung seines Rechts gemäß § 4(e) 
verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note which 
is the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Noteholder thereof of its option 
to require the redemption of such 
Note in accordance with § 4(e). 
If 
Notes 
are 
also 
subject to 
early 
re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Notehold-
ers, 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das Wahl-
recht 
hat, 
die Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
[(iv)] Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt 
oder teilweise) durch eine Transak-
tions-Mitteilung gemäß den nach-
stehend aufgeführten Bedingungen 
und gemäß § 4(d) mit Wirkung zu 
dem 
Ereignis-Wahl-
[(iv)] The Issuer may, upon giving a 
Transaction Trigger Notice in ac-
cordance with the requirements set 
out below and in accordance with 
§ 4(d), call the Notes for early re-
demption (in whole or in part) with 
effect 
on 
the 
Trigger 
Call 
If 
Notes 
are 
sub-
ject 
to 
early 
re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the

--- Page 110 ---
110 
vorzeitig 
bei Eintritt 
eines 
transakti-
onsbezo-
genen Er-
eignisses 
zum Ereig-
nis-Wahl-
rückzah-
lungsbe-
trag 
zu-
rückzuzah-
len, 
gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
Rückzahlungstag zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn 
die Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht 
gemäß § 4(c)[(iv)] Satz 1 ausübt, ist 
die Emittentin verpflichtet, jede zu-
rückzuzahlende 
Schuldverschrei-
bung an dem Ereignis-Wahl-Rück-
zahlungstag zum Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich der 
bis zum Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzah-
lungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelau-
fenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.  
Redemption Date. If the Issuer exer-
cises its call right in accordance with 
sentence 1 of § 4(c)[(iv)], the Issuer 
shall redeem each Note to be re-
deemed at the Trigger Call Re-
demption Amount together with in-
terest accrued to but excluding the 
Trigger Call Redemption Date on 
the Trigger Call Redemption Date. 
issuer 
upon oc-
currence 
of a trans-
action re-
lated 
event, the 
following 
applies: 
 
Transaktion bezeichnet [Beschrei-
bung der geplanten Transaktion für 
deren Finanzierung die Schuldver-
schreibungen begeben werden].  
Transaction means [insert descrip-
tion of envisaged transaction for 
which the Notes are intended to be 
issued for refinancing purposes]. 
 
 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist be-
zeichnet den Zeitraum ab dem [Be-
gebungstag einfügen] bis zum [Da-
tum Ende des Zeitraums einfügen]. 
Transaction Notice Period means 
the period from [insert issue date] to 
[insert end of period date]. 
 
 
Transaktions-Mitteilung bezeich-
net eine Mitteilung der Emittentin an 
die Anleihegläubiger gemäß § 4(d) 
und § 12 innerhalb der Transakti-
onskündigungsfrist, dass die Trans-
aktion vor ihrem Abschluss beendet 
wurde oder dass die Transaktion 
aus irgendeinem Grund nicht durch-
geführt wird oder dass die Emittentin 
öffentlich erklärt hat, dass sie nicht 
länger beabsichtigt, die Transaktion 
zu verfolgen. Die Transaktions-Mit-
teilung hat ferner den Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zu bezeich-
nen.  
Transaction Trigger Notice means 
a notice to the Noteholders given in 
accordance with § 4(d) and § 12 
within the Transaction Notice Period 
that the Transaction has been termi-
nated prior to its completion or that 
the Transaction will not be settled 
for any reason whatsoever or that 
the Issuer has publicly stated that it 
no longer intends to pursue the 
Transaction. The Transaction Trig-
ger Notice shall also specify the 
Trigger Redemption Date.  
 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht zur 
vorzeitigen Kündigung der Schuld-
verschreibungen nach Eintritt eines 
der oben bezeichneten Ereignisse 
durch 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß 
§ 12 verzichten. 
At any time the Issuer may waive its 
right to call the Notes for redemption 
following the occurrence of one of 
the events detailed above, by giving 
notice in accordance with § 12. 
 
 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag je Schuldverschreibung ist 
gleich [•] % der Festgelegten Stü-
ckelung.  
Trigger Call Redemption Amount 
per Note means [•] per cent. of the 
Specified Denomination.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
bezeichnet den in der Transaktions-
Mitteilung festgelegten Rückzah-
lungstag. 
Trigger Call Redemption Date 
means the redemption date speci-
fied in the Transaction Trigger No-
tice. 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls 
die 
Anleihe-
gläubiger 
ebenfalls 
ein 
Recht 
haben, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen vorzei-
tig zu kün-
digen, gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldver-
schreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
bereits der Anleihegläubiger in Aus-
übung seines Rechts gemäß § 4(e) 
verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note which 
is the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Noteholder thereof of its option 
to require the redemption of such 
Note in accordance with § 4(e). 
If 
Notes 
are 
also 
subject to 
early 
re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Notehold-
ers, 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen wegen 
eines 
ge-
ringen aus-
stehenden 
Nennbe-
trags vor-
zeitig 
zu-
rückzuzah-
len, 
gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
[(v)] Sofern zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der ausstehen-
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
20 % 
oder 
weniger 
des 
Ge-
samtnennbetrages der Schuldver-
schreibungen der Serie, die ur-
sprünglich 
ausgegeben 
wurden, 
fällt, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt 
und nicht nur teilweise) durch Kün-
digungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) je-
derzeit mit Wirkung zu dem in der 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
festgelegten Rückzahlungstag zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu kündi-
gen. Wenn die Emittentin ihr Kündi-
gungsrecht gemäß § 4(c)[(v)] Satz 1 
ausübt, ist die Emittentin verpflich-
tet, jede Schuldverschreibung an 
dem in der Kündigungserklärung ge-
mäß § 4(d) festgelegten Rückzah-
lungstag zu ihrer Festgelegten Stü-
ckelung zuzüglich der bis zum fest-
gelegten Rückzahlungstag (aus-
schließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
[(v)] If at any time the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding is 
equal to or less than 20 per cent. of 
the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes of the Series originally is-
sued, the Issuer may, upon giving a 
notice of redemption in accordance 
with § 4(d), call the Notes for early 
redemption (in whole but not in part) 
at any time with effect on the re-
demption date specified in the no-
tice in accordance with § 4(d). If the 
Issuer exercises its call right in ac-
cordance 
with 
sentence 
1 
of 
§ 4(c)[(v)], the Issuer shall redeem 
each Note at its Specified Denomi-
nation together with interest accrued 
to but excluding the redemption date 
specified in the notice on the re-
demption date specified in the no-
tice. 
If 
Notes 
are 
sub-
ject 
to 
early 
re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Issuer for 
a minimal 
outstand-
ing princi-
pal 
amount, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kündigungserklärung. Die Emitten-
tin hat die Kündigung der Schuldver-
schreibungen zur vorzeitigen Rück-
zahlung gemäß § 4(b) oder § 4(c) 
 
Notice. The Issuer shall call the 
Notes for early redemption pursuant 
to § 4(b) or § 4(c) by publishing a 
notice 
to 
the 
Noteholders 
in

--- Page 112 ---
112 
durch Veröffentlichung einer Be-
kanntmachung an die Anleihegläu-
biger gemäß § 12 unter Einhaltung 
einer Frist von nicht weniger als 30 
und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen zu er-
klären. Die Kündigung ist un-
widerruflich, und in ihr wird bes-
timmt: 
accordance with § 12 subject to ob-
serving a notice period of not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days 
which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify: 
 
– 
genaue Bezeichnung der 
zur Rückzahlung anste-
henden Serie, einschließ-
lich der Wertpapierken-
nungen; 
– 
precise designation of the 
Series of Notes subject to 
redemption, including the 
securities codes; 
 
 
– 
der betreffende Tag der 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung; 
[und] 
– 
the applicable date of 
early redemption; [and] 
 
 
– 
der betreffende Rückzah-
lungsbetrag, zu dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, soweit dieser zum 
Zeitpunkt der Veröffentli-
chung der Kündigungser-
klärung 
schon 
fest-
steht[.][; und] 
– 
the applicable redemption 
amount at which such 
Notes are to be redeemed 
early, if such applicable 
redemption amount has 
already been fixed on the 
date of the publication of 
the notice[.][; and] 
 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das Wahl-
recht 
hat, 
die Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig 
bei Eintritt 
eines 
transakti-
onsbezo-
genen Er-
eignisses 
zum Ereig-
nis-Wahl-
rückzah-
lungsbe-
trag 
zu-
rückzuzah-
len, 
gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
– 
eine Erklärung, ob die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ganz oder teilweise zu-
rückgezahlt werden und 
im letzteren Fall den Ge-
samtnennbetrag der zu-
rückzuzahlenden Schuld-
verschreibungen. 
– 
whether the Notes will be 
redeemed in whole or in 
part and, if only in part, the 
aggregate 
principal 
amount of the Notes which 
are to be redeemed. 
If 
Notes 
are 
sub-
ject 
to 
early 
re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
issuer 
upon oc-
currence 
of a trans-
action re-
lated 
event, the 
following 
applies: 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen 
nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, 
werden die betreffenden zurückzu-
zahlenden Schuldverschreibungen 
in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln 
des betreffenden Clearingsystems 
ausgewählt. 
In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, the relevant Notes to be re-
deemed shall be selected in accord-
ance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System.  
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen 
in Form einer NGN begeben wer-
den, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in 
den Registern von CBL und Euro-
clear nach deren Ermessen entwe-
der als Pool-Faktor oder als Redu-
zierung des Gesamtnennbetrags 
wiedergegeben.] 
[In the case of Notes in NGN form 
the following applies: Such partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the 
records of CBL and Euroclear as ei-
ther a pool factor or a reduction in 
aggregate principal amount, at the 
discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
 
 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen 
nach 
eigener 
Wahl zum 
Make-
Whole 
Rückzah-
lungsbe-
trag vorzei-
tig zurück-
zuzahlen, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Die Emittentin hat unverzüglich 
nach Bestimmung des Make-Whole 
Rückzahlungsbetrags 
durch 
die 
Make-Whole 
Berechnungsstelle 
diesen den Anleihegläubiger durch 
Veröffentlichung einer Bekanntma-
chung gemäß § 12 bekannt zu ma-
chen. 
The Issuer shall immediately after 
the 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Amount has been fixed by the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent no-
tify such Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount to the Noteholders in ac-
cordance with § 12. 
 
If 
Notes 
are 
sub-
ject 
to 
early 
re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Issuer 
at 
the Make-
Whole Re-
demption 
Amount, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
Die Emittentin wird jeder Börse, an 
der die Schuldverschreibungen auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin notiert 
sind und deren Regeln eine Mittei-
lung an die Börse verlangen, umge-
hend Mitteilung über die Kündigung 
machen. 
The Issuer will inform, if required by 
such stock exchange on which the 
Notes are listed at the initiative of 
the Issuer, such stock exchange as 
soon as possible of such redemp-
tion. 
 
 
 
[Keine vorzeitige] [Vorzeitige] Rück-
zahlung nach Wahl des Anlei-
hegläubigers. 
 
[No early] [Early] redemption at the 
option of a Noteholder. 
 
Falls 
die 
Anleihe-
gläubiger 
kein Recht 
haben, die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzah-
lung 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen zu ver-
langen, gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
Die Anleihegläubiger sind außer in 
Fällen des [falls die Schuldver-
schreibungen im Fall eines Kon-
trollwechsels vorzeitig kündbar 
sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
§ 4(g) oder des] § 8 zu keinem Zeit-
punkt berechtigt, von der Emittentin 
eine vorzeitige Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen zu verlan-
gen. 
The Noteholders shall not be enti-
tled to put the Notes for redemption 
otherwise than provided in [if the 
Notes are subject to Early Re-
demption as a result of a Change 
of Control the following applies: 
§ 4(g) and] § 8 at any time. 
If 
Notes 
are 
not 
subject to 
early 
re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Notehold-
ers, 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls 
die 
Anleihe-
gläubiger 
ein 
Recht 
haben, die 
vorzeitige 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
nach 
Wahl des Anleihegläubigers 
am / an den Put-Rückzah-
lungstag(en) zum jeweiligen 
Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
The Issuer shall, at the option 
of the Noteholder, redeem 
such Note on the Put Re-
demption Date(s) at the rele-
vant Put Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued 
If 
Notes 
are 
sub-
ject 
to 
early 
re-
demption 
at 
the

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Rückzah-
lung 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen zu ver-
langen, gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
zuzüglich der bis zum Put-
Rückzahlungstag 
(aus-
schließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
to but excluding the Put Re-
demption Date. 
option of 
the Note-
holders, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
Put-
Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) 
Put-
Rückzahlungsbe-
trag 
Put Redemption 
Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
 
[Put-Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) einfügen] 
[Put-Rückzahlungs-
betrag/ beträge 
einfügen] 
[insert Put Re-
demption Date(s)] 
[insert Put Redemp-
tion Amount(s)] 
 
 
Dem Anleihegläubiger steht das 
Recht, die vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
zu verlangen, nicht in Bezug auf 
eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor 
gemäß § 4 verlangt hat. 
The Noteholder may not exercise 
the option for early redemption in re-
spect of any Note which is the sub-
ject of the prior exercise by the Is-
suer of its right to redeem such Note 
in accordance with § 4. 
 
 
 
Um dieses Recht auszuüben, 
hat der Anleihegläubiger nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr 
als 60 Tage vor dem Put-
Rückzahlungstag, an dem die 
betreffenden 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
gemäß 
der 
Ausübungserklärung 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) zu-
rückgezahlt werden sollen, 
bei der bezeichneten Ge-
schäftsstelle der Emissions-
stelle während der normalen 
Geschäftszeiten 
eine 
ord-
nungsgemäß ausgefüllte Er-
klärung zur vorzeitigen Rück-
zahlung (Ausübungserklä-
rung), wie sie von der be-
zeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der Emissionsstelle erhältlich 
ist, zu hinterlegen. Die Aus-
übungserklärung hat anzuge-
ben: (i) den Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
für 
die das Recht ausgeübt wird 
und (ii) die Wertpapierken-
nungen 
dieser 
Schuldver-
schreibungen (soweit verge-
ben). Die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
für 
welche das Recht ausgeübt 
worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen 
Lieferung 
der 
 
In order to exercise the op-
tion, the Noteholder must, not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 
days before the Put Redemp-
tion Date on which such re-
demption is required to be 
made as specified in the Put 
Notice (as defined below), 
submit during normal busi-
ness hours at the specified of-
fice of the Fiscal Agent a duly 
completed early redemption 
notice (Put Notice) in the 
form available from the spec-
ified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
The Put Notice must specify 
(i) the principal amount of the 
Notes in respect of which 
such option is exercised, and 
(ii) the securities identification 
numbers of such Notes, if 
any. The Issuer shall only be 
required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option 
is exercised against delivery 
of such Notes to the Fiscal 
Agent or to its order through a 
blocking by the Clearing Sys-
tem. No option so exercised 
may be revoked or with-
drawn.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
die Emissionsstelle oder an 
deren Order oder durch eine 
Sperrung durch das Clearing-
system. Die Ausübung des 
Rechts kann nicht widerrufen 
werden. 
 
 
Erwerb. 
 
Purchase. 
 
 
Die Emittentin oder jede ihrer Toch-
tergesellschaften können jederzeit 
vorbehaltlich zwingender gesetzli-
cher Regelungen Schuldverschrei-
bungen auf dem freien Markt oder 
anderweitig sowie zu jedem beliebi-
gen Preis erwerben. Derartig erwor-
bene Schuldverschreibungen kön-
nen eingezogen, gehalten oder wie-
der veräußert werden. 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries 
may at any time and subject to man-
datory provisions of law purchase 
Notes in the open market or other-
wise and at any price. Such ac-
quired Notes may be cancelled, held 
or resold. 
 
 
 
Kontrollwechsel. 
 
Change of Control. 
 
Falls 
die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen im Fall 
eines Kon-
trollwech-
sels 
vor-
zeitig 
kündbar 
sind, 
gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel ein (Rück-
zahlungsereignis), hat jeder Anlei-
hegläubiger das Recht (sofern nicht 
die Emittentin, bevor die nachste-
hend beschriebene Rückzahlungs-
mitteilung gemacht wird, die Rück-
zahlung der Schuldverschreibungen 
nach § 4 (b) oder (c) angezeigt hat), 
die Rückzahlung seiner Schuldver-
schreibungen durch die Emittentin 
zum Nennbetrag zuzüglich der bis 
zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließ-
lich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zu ver-
langen. 
If there occurs a Change of Control 
(Put Event), each Noteholder will 
have the option (unless, prior to the 
giving of the Put Event Notice re-
ferred to below, the Issuer gives no-
tice to redeem the Notes in accord-
ance with § 4(b) or (c)) to require the 
Issuer to redeem that Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date at its 
principal amount together with inter-
est accrued to but excluding the Op-
tional Redemption Date. 
If 
the 
Notes are 
subject to 
Early Re-
demption 
as a result 
of 
a 
Change of 
Control 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
Für Zwecke dieses Wahlrechts: 
For the purposes of such option: 
 
 
Gilt ein Kontrollwechsel jedes Mal 
als eingetreten, wenn eine Person 
oder mehrere Personen (relevante 
Person(en)), die abgestimmt han-
deln, oder einer oder mehrere Dritte, 
die im Auftrag der relevanten Per-
son(en) handeln, zu irgendeiner Zeit 
mittelbar oder unmittelbar (unab-
hängig davon, ob der Vorstand oder 
der Aufsichtsrat der Emittentin seine 
Zustimmung erteilt hat) (i) mehr als 
50 % des ausstehenden Grundkapi-
tals der Emittentin oder (ii) eine sol-
che Anzahl von Aktien der Emitten-
tin hält bzw. halten oder erworben 
A Change of Control shall be 
deemed to have occurred at each 
time (whether or not approved by 
the Management Board or Supervi-
sory Board of the Issuer) that any 
person or persons (Relevant Per-
son(s)) acting in concert or any per-
son or persons acting on behalf of 
any such Relevant Person(s), at any 
time directly or indirectly acquire(s) 
or come(s) to own (i) more than 50 
per cent. of the issued ordinary 
share capital of the Issuer or (ii) 
such number of the shares in the

--- Page 116 ---
116 
hat bzw. haben, auf die mehr als 
50 % der Stimmrechte entfallen; 
capital of the Issuer carrying more 
than 50 per cent. of the voting rights; 
 
Ist der Rückzahlungstag der fünfte 
Geschäftstag nach dem letzten Tag 
des Rückzahlungszeitraums. 
The Optional Redemption Date is 
the fifth Business Day after the last 
day of the Put Period. 
 
 
Sofort nachdem die Emittentin von 
einem Rückzahlungsereignis Kennt-
nis erlangt, wird die Emittentin den 
Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 12 Mit-
teilung vom Rückzahlungsereignis 
machen 
(Rückzahlungsmittei-
lung), in der die Umstände des 
Rückzahlungsereignisses 
sowie 
das Verfahren für die Ausübung des 
in diesem § 4 (g) genannten Wahl-
rechts angegeben sind. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming 
aware that a Put Event has oc-
curred, the Issuer shall give notice 
(Put Event Notice) to the Notehold-
ers in accordance with § 12 specify-
ing the nature of the Put Event and 
the circumstances giving rise to it 
and the procedure for exercising the 
option set out in this § 4(g). 
 
 
Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts 
muss der Anleihegläubiger während 
der normalen Geschäftsstunden in-
nerhalb eines Zeitraums (Rückzah-
lungszeitraum) von 30 Tagen, 
nachdem die Rückzahlungsmittei-
lung veröffentlicht ist, eine ord-
nungsgemäß ausgefüllte und unter-
zeichnete Ausübungserklärung bei 
der angegebenen Niederlassung 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
einreichen 
(Ausübungserklärung), die in ihrer 
jeweils maßgeblichen Form bei der 
angegebenen Niederlassung der 
Emissionsstelle erhältlich ist. Ein so 
ausgeübtes Wahlrecht kann nicht 
ohne vorherige Zustimmung der 
Emittentin widerrufen oder zurück-
gezogen werden. 
In order to exercise such option, the 
Noteholder must submit during nor-
mal business hours at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent a duly 
completed option exercise notice 
(Exercise Notice) in the form avail-
able from the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent within the period (Put 
Period) of 30 days after a Put Event 
Notice is given. No option so exer-
cised may be revoked or withdrawn 
without the prior consent of the Is-
suer. 
 
 
 
Zahlungen 
 
Payments 
 
 
 
Zahlungen. Die Zahlung von Kapital 
und Zinsen auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen erfolgt an das Clearingsys-
tem oder an dessen Order zur Gut-
schrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
[Im Fall von körperlich verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen: Die Zah-
lung von Zinsen auf Schuldver-
schreibungen, die durch eine Vor-
läufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
erfolgt 
nach 
ordnungsgemäßem 
Nachweis gemäß § 1(c).] 
 
Payments. Payment of principal and 
interest on the Notes shall be made 
to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System for credit to the relevant ac-
count holders of the Clearing Sys-
tem. [In the case of Physical 
Notes: Payment of interest on 
Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note shall be made, upon 
due certification as provided in 
§ 1(c).]

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
Zahlungsweise. Sämtliche auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
leis-
tende Zahlungen werden in der 
Festgelegten Währung geleistet. 
Den 
Anleihegläubigern 
werden 
keine Kosten oder Gebühren in Be-
zug auf diese Zahlungen auferlegt. 
Sämtliche Zahlungen stehen unter 
dem Vorbehalt geltender steuerli-
cher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Vor-
schriften, Richtlinien und Verord-
nungen oder Verträge denen sich 
die Emittentin, der Emissionsstelle 
oder eine Zahlstelle unterworfen ha-
ben. Vorbehaltlich § 6 ist die Emit-
tentin nicht verpflichtet, zusätzliche 
Beträge als Ausgleich für irgendwel-
che Steuern oder Abgaben gleich 
welcher Art, die aufgrund solcher 
steuerlichen oder sonstigen gesetz-
lichen Vorschriften, Richtlinien oder 
Verordnungen oder Verträge aufer-
legt oder erhoben werden, an die 
Anleihegläubiger zu zahlen. 
 
Manner of Payment. Payments of 
any amounts due in respect of the 
Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. No commission or ex-
penses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such pay-
ments. All payments will be subject 
to all applicable fiscal and other 
laws, directives and regulations or 
agreements to which the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent 
agree to be subject. Without preju-
dice to the provisions of § 6, the Is-
suer will not be obliged to pay to the 
Noteholders any additional amounts 
as compensation for any taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by such fiscal and other 
laws, 
regulations, 
directives 
or 
agreements. 
 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem 
oder an dessen Order von ihrer Zah-
lungspflicht befreit. 
 
The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System. 
 
 
 
Geschäftstag. Fällt der Fälligkeits-
tag einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, 
der kein Geschäftstag ist, dann hat 
der Anleihegläubiger keinen An-
spruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächst-
folgenden Geschäftstag am jeweili-
gen Geschäftsort. Der Anleihegläu-
biger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere 
Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen 
aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu ver-
langen. 
 
Business Day. If the due date for 
payment of any amount in respect of 
any Note is not a Business Day then 
the Noteholder shall not be entitled 
to payment until the next such day in 
the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet Ge-
schäftstag 
For these purposes, Business Day 
means a day which is 
 
Falls 
die 
Festge-
legte Wäh-
rung nicht 
Euro 
ist, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag 
oder Sonntag), an dem (i) das Clea-
ringsystem geöffnet hat und (ii) Ge-
schäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte 
in [sämtliche relevanten Finanzzen-
tren einfügen] Zahlungen abwi-
ckeln. 
a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which both (i) the Clear-
ing System is open and (ii) commer-
cial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in [insert 
all relevant financial centres]. 
If 
the 
Specified 
Currency 
is 
not 
Euro, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Falls 
die 
Festge-
legte Wäh-
rung Euro 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag 
oder Sonntag), an dem (i) das Clea-
ringsystem und (ii) das von dem Eu-
rosystem 
betriebene 
Real-time 
Gross Settlement-System (T2) oder 
dessen Nachfolgesystem geöffnet 
sind, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln. 
a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which both (i) the Clear-
ing System, and (ii) the real-time 
gross settlement system operated 
by the Eurosystem (T2) or any suc-
cessor system are open to effect 
payments. 
If 
the 
Specified 
Currency 
is 
Euro, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
 
Besteuerung 
 
Taxation 
 
 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen zu zahlenden Beträge wer-
den ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
Steuern, Abgaben, Festsetzungen 
oder behördlicher Gebühren jedwe-
der Art geleistet (Steuern), die von 
dem Staat, in dem die Emittentin 
steuerlich ansässig ist oder einer 
seiner Gebietskörperschaften oder 
zur Erhebung von Steuern berech-
tigten Behörden oder sonstigen 
Stellen auferlegt, erhoben, eingezo-
gen, einbehalten oder festgesetzt 
werden, sofern nicht die Emittentin 
kraft Gesetzes oder einer sonstigen 
Rechtsvorschrift zu einem solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet 
ist. Sofern die Emittentin zu einem 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug ver-
pflichtet ist, wird die Emittentin zu-
sätzliche Beträge (Zusätzliche Be-
träge) an die Anleihegläubiger zah-
len, so dass die Anleihegläubiger 
die Beträge erhalten, die sie ohne 
den betreffenden Einbehalt oder Ab-
zug erhalten hätten. Solche Zusätz-
lichen Beträge sind jedoch nicht 
zahlbar wegen solcher Steuern in 
Bezug auf Schuldverschreibungen, 
All amounts to be paid in respect of 
the Notes will be paid free and clear 
of, and without withholding or de-
duction for, any taxes, duties, as-
sessments 
or 
governmental 
charges of whatever nature (Taxes) 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by the Issuer's country 
of domicile for tax purposes or any 
political subdivision or any authority 
or any other agency of or in the Is-
suer's country of domicile for tax 
purposes that has power to tax, un-
less the Issuer is compelled by law 
to make such withholding or deduc-
tion. If the Issuer is required to make 
such withholding or deduction, the 
Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts (Additional Amounts) to 
the Noteholders as the Noteholders 
would have received if no such with-
holding or deduction had been re-
quired, except that no such Addi-
tional Amounts will be payable for 
any such Taxes in respect of any 
Note: 
 
 
 
von einer als Depotbank (wie in 
§ 14(c) definiert) oder Inkassobe-
auftragter des Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf 
andere Weise zu entrichten sind als 
dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus 
den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen 
von Kapital oder Zinsen einen Ab-
zug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
are payable by any person acting as 
Custodian (as defined in § 14(c)) or 
collecting agent on behalf of a Note-
holder, or otherwise in any manner 
which does not constitute a deduc-
tion or withholding by the Issuer 
from payments of principal or inter-
est made by it; or 
 
 
 
die wegen einer Verbindung des be-
treffenden 
Anleihegläubigers 
zu 
dem Staat, in dem die Emittentin 
steuerlich ansässig ist, die nicht nur 
aus der bloßen Inhaberschaft der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
besteht, 
 
which are to be withheld or de-
ducted by reason of the relevant 
Noteholder having some connection 
with the Issuer's country of domicile

--- Page 119 ---
119 
einzubehalten 
oder 
abzuziehen 
sind; oder 
for tax purposes other than the mere 
holding of that Note; or 
 
 
die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder 
Verordnung 
der 
Europäischen 
Union betreffend die Besteuerung 
von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwi-
schenstaatlichen Vereinbarung, ei-
nes zwischenstaatlichen Abkom-
mens oder einer zwischenstaatli-
chen Verständigung über deren Be-
steuerung, an der der Staat, in dem 
die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist 
oder die Europäische Union beteiligt 
ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vor-
schrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verord-
nung, Vereinbarung, Verständigung 
oder dieses Abkommen umsetzt 
oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder ein-
zubehalten sind; oder 
 
which are to be withheld or de-
ducted pursuant to (i) any European 
Union Directive or Regulation con-
cerning the taxation of interest in-
come, or (ii) any international treaty, 
agreement or understanding relat-
ing to such taxation and to which the 
Issuer's country of domicile for tax 
purposes or the European Union is 
a party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, or complying with, or 
introduced to conform with, such Di-
rective, Regulation, treaty, agree-
ment or understanding; or 
 
 
 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu 
zahlen sind, welche später als 30 
Tage nach Fälligkeit der betreffen-
den Zahlung oder, wenn dies später 
erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereit-
stellung aller fälligen Beträge und ei-
ner diesbezüglichen Bekanntma-
chung gemäß § 12 wirksam wird. 
 
are payable by reason of a change 
in law that becomes effective more 
than 30 days after the relevant pay-
ment becomes due, or is duly pro-
vided for and notice thereof is pub-
lished in accordance with § 12, 
whichever occurs later. 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist keinesfalls ver-
pflichtet, Zusätzliche Beträge in Be-
zug auf einen Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von Beträgen zu zahlen, die gemäß 
Sections 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. In-
ternal Revenue Code (in der jeweils 
geltenden Fassung oder gemäß 
Nachfolgebestimmungen), 
gemäß 
zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen, ge-
mäß den in einer anderen Rechts-
ordnung in Zusammenhang mit die-
sen 
Bestimmungen 
erlassenen 
Durchführungsvorschriften oder ge-
mäß mit dem Internal Revenue Ser-
vice geschlossenen Verträgen von 
der Emittentin, der jeweiligen Zahl-
stelle oder einem anderen Beteilig-
ten abgezogen oder einbehalten 
wurden 
(FATCA-Steuerabzug) 
oder Anleger in Bezug auf einen 
FATCA-Steuerabzug schadlos zu 
halten. 
In any event, the Issuer will have no 
obligation to pay Additional amounts 
deducted or withheld by the Issuer, 
the relevant Paying Agent or any 
other party (FATCA Withholding) 
in relation to any withholding or de-
duction of any amounts required by 
the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code Sections 1471 through 1474 
(or any amended or successor pro-
visions), pursuant to any inter-gov-
ernmental agreement, or imple-
menting legislation adopted by an-
other jurisdiction in connection with 
these provisions, or pursuant to any 
agreement with the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service or indemnify any 
investor in relation to any FATCA 
Withholding. 
 
 
 
Vorlegung, Verjährung 
 
Presentation, Prescription 
 
 
 
Vorlegungsfrist. Die Vorlegungsfrist 
gemäß § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB 
 
Presentation. The period for presen-
tation of Notes due, as established

--- Page 120 ---
120 
für fällige Schuldverschreibungen 
wird auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. [Im 
Fall von elektronischen Schuld-
verschreibungen einfügen: Die 
Vorlegung erfolgt durch ausdrückli-
ches 
Leistungsverlangen 
unter 
Glaubhaftmachung der Berechti-
gung (§ 29 Abs. 2 eWpG). Der 
Nachweis kann durch eine Beschei-
nigung der Depotbank oder auf an-
dere geeignete Weise erbracht wer-
den.] 
in § 801(1) sentence 1 of the Ger-
man Civil Code (Bürgerliches Ge-
setzbuch), is reduced to ten years. 
[In the case of Electronic Notes 
insert: The presentation shall be 
made by means of an explicit re-
quest for performance and substan-
tiation of the entitlement (Sec-
tion 29(2) eWpG). The substantia-
tion of the entitlement can be made 
by means of a certificate of the Cus-
todian or in any other appropriate 
manner.] 
 
 
Verjährungsfrist. Die Verjährungs-
frist für innerhalb der Vorlegungsfrist 
zur Zahlung vorgelegte Schuldver-
schreibungen beträgt zwei Jahre 
von dem Ende der betreffenden Vor-
legungsfrist an. 
 
Prescription. The period for pre-
scription for Notes presented for 
payment during the presentation pe-
riod shall be two years beginning at 
the end of the relevant presentation 
period. 
 
 
 
Kündigungsgründe für die Anlei-
hegläubiger 
 
Events of Default 
 
 
 
Bei Eintritt und Fortdauer eines der 
nachstehenden Ereignisse ist ein 
Anleihegläubiger berechtigt, seine 
Schuldverschreibungen durch Mit-
teilung in Textform an die Emittentin, 
die bei der Emittentin oder bei der 
Emissionsstelle abzugeben ist, zur 
sofortigen Rückzahlung fällig zu 
stellen, woraufhin seine Schuldver-
schreibungen ohne weitere Hand-
lungen oder Formalitäten sofort zu 
ihrer Festgelegten Stückelung zu-
züglich aufgelaufener Zinsen fällig 
werden:  
 
If any of the events below occurs 
and is continuing, then any Note 
may, by notice in text form ad-
dressed to the Issuer and delivered 
to the Issuer or, alternatively, the 
Fiscal Agent, be declared due and 
payable, whereupon such Note will 
become immediately due and paya-
ble at its Specified Denomination to-
gether with accrued interest without 
further action or formality:  
 
 
 
 
Nichtzahlung. Die Emittentin 
zahlt Kapital- oder Zinsbe-
träge in Bezug auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen nicht inner-
halb von 15 Tagen nach Fäl-
ligkeit; oder 
 
Non-payment. Failure by the 
Issuer to pay any amount of 
principal or interest in respect 
of the Notes within 15 days of 
the due date for payment of 
that amount; or 
 
 
 
Nichterfüllung sonstiger we-
sentlicher 
Verpflichtungen. 
Die Emittentin unterlässt die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung 
irgendeiner 
sonstigen 
we-
sentlichen Verpflichtung aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen, 
und die Unterlassung dauert 
länger als 30 Tage fort, nach-
dem die Emissionsstelle hier-
über eine Benachrichtigung 
 
Non-fulfilment of other mate-
rial obligations. The Issuer 
fails to duly perform any other 
material obligation arising un-
der the Notes and any such 
failure continues for more 
than 30 days after the Fiscal 
Agent has received notice 
thereof from a Noteholder; or

--- Page 121 ---
121 
von einem Anleihegläubiger 
erhalten hat; oder 
 
 
Cross 
Acceleration. 
Eine 
(nicht aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen 
bestehende) 
Finanzverbindlichkeit (wie in 
§ 11(d) definiert) der Emitten-
tin oder einer Tochtergesell-
schaft (wie in § 2(b) definiert) 
wird infolge eines Kündi-
gungsgrunds 
(unabhängig 
von der Bezeichnung) vor ih-
rer festgelegten Fälligkeit fäl-
lig und zahlbar (sei es durch 
Kündigung, 
automatische 
vorzeitige Fälligstellung oder 
auf andere Weise), wobei der 
Gesamtbetrag der Finanzver-
bindlichkeiten mindestens 1% 
der Summe Aktiva (wie in 
§ 11(d) definiert) zum unmit-
telbar vorangegangenen Be-
richtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss der Emit-
tentin veröffentlicht worden 
ist, beträgt. Zur Klarstellung 
wird festgehalten, dass dieser 
Absatz (a)(iii) keine Anwen-
dung findet, wenn die Emit-
tentin oder die jeweilige Toch-
tergesellschaft (nach Treu 
und Glauben handelnd) be-
streitet, dass diese Zahlungs-
verpflichtung besteht, fällig ist 
oder die Anforderungen für 
die vorzeitige Fälligstellung 
erfüllt sind oder wenn sich die 
vorzeitige Fälligstellung aus-
schließlich aus einem Kündi-
gungsgrund 
bzw. 
einer 
Pflichtverletzung 
(unabhän-
gig von dessen bzw. deren 
Bezeichnung) in der Sphäre 
der jeweiligen anderen Ver-
tragspartei (d.h. nicht seitens 
der Emittentin oder einer ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften) 
ergibt; oder 
 
Cross Acceleration. Any Fi-
nancial Indebtedness (as de-
fined in § 11(d)) below) of the 
Issuer (other than under the 
Notes) or any Subsidiary (as 
defined in § 2(b)) becomes 
due and payable prior to its 
specified maturity (whether 
by declaration, automatic ac-
celeration or otherwise) as a 
result of an event of default 
(howsoever 
described), 
whereby the total amount of 
Financial Indebtedness shall 
be at least 1% of the Total As-
sets (as defined in § 11(d)) as 
of the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated Financial State-
ments of the Issuer have 
been 
published. 
For 
the 
avoidance of doubt, this para-
graph (a)(iii) shall not apply, 
where the Issuer or the rele-
vant Subsidiary (acting in 
good faith) contests that such 
payment obligation exists, is 
due or the requirements for 
the acceleration are satisfied 
or if the event of default (how-
soever described) arises only 
in the sphere of the respec-
tive other party (i.e. not the Is-
suer or any of its Subsidiar-
ies); or 
 
 
 
Insolvenz etc. 
 
Insolvency etc. 
 
 
 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
gibt ihre Zahlungsunfä-
higkeit bekannt oder 
 
the Issuer or any Mate-
rial 
Subsidiary 
an-
nounces its inability to 
meet its financial obli-
gations

--- Page 122 ---
122 
stellt ihre Zahlungen 
ein, oder 
(Zahlungsunfähigkeit) 
or 
suspends 
pay-
ments; or 
 
 
gegen die Emittentin 
oder eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
wird ein Insolvenzver-
fahren eingeleitet und 
nicht innerhalb von 60 
Tagen 
aufgehoben 
oder ausgesetzt, oder 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
stellt einen Antrag auf 
Eröffnung eines sol-
chen Verfahrens; oder 
 
insolvency 
proceed-
ings over the assets of 
the Issuer or any Mate-
rial Subsidiary are initi-
ated and have not 
been 
discharged 
or 
stayed within 60 days 
or the Issuer or any 
Material 
Subsidiary 
files for the opening of 
such proceedings; or 
 
 
 
die Emittentin geht in 
die Liquidation oder 
wird abgewickelt oder 
aufgelöst (sofern dies 
nicht für die Zwecke 
oder als Folge eines 
Zusammenschlusses, 
einer Umstrukturierung 
oder 
Sanierung 
ge-
schieht, bei dem bzw. 
der die Emittentin noch 
zahlungsfähig ist und 
bei dem bzw. der die 
fortführende 
Gesell-
schaft im Wesentlichen 
alle 
Vermögenswerte 
und 
Verpflichtungen 
der Emittentin über-
nimmt); oder 
 
the Issuer enters into a 
winding up or dissolu-
tion 
and 
liquidation 
(other than for the pur-
poses of or pursuant to 
an amalgamation, re-
organisation or restruc-
turing whilst solvent, 
where the continuing 
entity assumes sub-
stantially all of the as-
sets and obligations of 
the Issuer);or 
 
 
 
in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
werden 
Gesetze, 
Verordnun-
gen oder behördliche 
Anordnungen 
erlas-
sen, aufgrund derer die 
Emittentin daran gehin-
dert wird, ihre Ver-
pflichtungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibun-
gen in vollem Umfang 
nachzukommen und zu 
erfüllen und dieser Um-
stand wird nicht binnen 
90 Tagen behoben; 
oder 
 
any governmental or-
der, decree or enact-
ment is made in or by 
the Federal Republic of 
Germany whereby the 
Issuer 
is 
prevented 
from 
observing 
and 
performing in full its ob-
ligations 
under 
the 
Notes and this situation 
is not cured within 90 
days; or

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
Einstellung des Ge-
schäftsbetriebs 
der 
Emittentin; oder 
 
cessation of business 
operations of the Is-
suer; or 
 
 
 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft ihr 
gesamtes 
Vermögen 
oder einen wesentli-
chen Teil ihres Vermö-
gens an Dritte (ausge-
nommen verbundene 
Unternehmen im Sinne 
von § 15 Aktiengesetz) 
veräußert oder ander-
weitig überträgt und 
eine solche Veräuße-
rung oder Übertragung 
eine wesentliche nach-
teilige Auswirkung auf 
die Fähigkeit der Emit-
tentin hat, ihre Zah-
lungsverpflichtungen 
aus diesen Schuldver-
schreibungen zu erfül-
len. 
 
the Issuer or a Material 
Subsidiary sells or oth-
erwise transfers all of 
its assets or a material 
part of its assets to 
third parties (not in-
cluding affiliated enter-
prises 
(verbundene 
Unternehmen) as de-
fined in § 15 of the Ger-
man Stock Corporation 
Act 
(Aktiengesetz)) 
and such sale or trans-
fer has a material ad-
verse effect on the abil-
ity of the Issuer to com-
ply with its payment ob-
ligations 
under 
the 
Notes.  
 
 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft 
ist jede derzeitige oder zukünftige 
Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin, 
(i) deren Nettoumsatz gemäß ihres 
geprüften nicht konsolidierten Jah-
resabschlusses (bzw. falls diese 
Tochtergesellschaft selbst konsoli-
dierte Jahresabschlüsse erstellt, de-
ren konsolidierter Nettoumsatz ge-
mäß ihres geprüften konsolidierten 
Jahresabschlusses), der für die 
Zwecke des letzten geprüften kon-
solidierten Jahresabschlusses der 
Emittentin benutzt wurde, mindes-
tens 5 % der in diesem geprüften 
Konzernjahresabschluss ausgewie-
senen gesamten Nettoumsätze der 
Emittentin und ihrer konsolidierten 
Tochtergesellschaften beträgt oder 
(ii) deren Bilanzsumme gemäß ihres 
geprüften nicht konsolidierten Jah-
resabschlusses (bzw. falls diese 
Tochtergesellschaft 
selbst 
einen 
Konzernabschluss erstellt, deren 
konsolidierte Bilanzsumme gemäß 
ihres geprüften Konzernjahresab-
schlusses), der für die Zwecke des 
letzten 
geprüften 
konsolidierten 
Jahresabschlusses der Emittentin 
benutzt wurde, mindestens 5 % der 
Material Subsidiary means any 
present or future Subsidiary of the 
Issuer (i) whose net sales as shown 
in the audited non-consolidated an-
nual accounts (or, if such Subsidiary 
itself prepares consolidated ac-
counts, whose consolidated net 
sales as shown in the audited an-
nual consolidated accounts) of such 
Subsidiary used for the purposes of 
preparing the latest audited consoli-
dated annual accounts of the Issuer 
are at least 5 per cent. of the total 
net sales (Umsatzerlöse) of the Is-
suer and its consolidated subsidiar-
ies as shown in such audited con-
solidated annual accounts or (ii) 
whose total assets as shown in the 
audited nonconsolidated annual ac-
counts (or, if such Subsidiary itself 
prepares consolidated annual ac-
counts, whose consolidated total as-
sets as shown in the audited consol-
idated annual accounts) of such 
Subsidiary used for the purposes of 
preparing the latest audited consoli-
dated annual accounts of the Issuer 
are at least 5 per cent. of the total 
assets of the Issuer and its consoli-
dated subsidiaries as shown in the

--- Page 124 ---
124 
im Konzernjahresabschluss ausge-
wiesenen Bilanzsumme der Emit-
tentin und ihrer konsolidierten Toch-
tergesellschaften entspricht. 
latest audited consolidated annual 
accounts. 
 
 
Quorum. In den Fällen von § 8(a)(ii) 
und (iii) wird eine Kündigung erst 
wirksam, es sei denn, zum Zeitpunkt 
des Erhalts einer solchen Mitteilung 
ist eines der in den vorstehenden 
Unterabsätzen (i) und (iv) genann-
ten Ereignisse eingetreten, die die 
Anleihegläubiger berechtigen, ihre 
Schuldverschreibungen für fällig zu 
erklären, wenn bei der Emissions-
stelle schriftliche Kündigungserklä-
rungen von Anleihegläubigern im 
Nennbetrag von mindestens 10 % 
der dann ausstehenden Schuldver-
schreibungen eingegangen sind. 
Die Wirkung einer solchen Kündi-
gung entfällt, wenn die Anleihegläu-
biger dies binnen drei Monaten mit 
Mehrheit beschließen. Für den Be-
schluss über die Unwirksamkeit der 
Kündigung genügt die einfache 
Mehrheit der Stimmrechte, es müs-
sen aber in jedem Fall mehr Anlei-
hegläubiger zustimmen als gekün-
digt haben. 
 
Quorum. In the events specified in 
§ 8(a)(ii) and (iii), any notice declar-
ing Notes due shall, unless at the 
time such notice is received, any of 
the events specified in subpara-
graphs (i) and (iv) above entitling 
Noteholders to declare their Notes 
due has occurred, become effective 
only when the Fiscal Agent has re-
ceived such notices from the Note-
holders in writing of at least 10 per 
cent. in principal amount of Notes 
then outstanding. Any such termina-
tion shall become ineffective if within 
three months the majority of the 
Noteholders so resolve. The resolu-
tion in relation to the ineffectiveness 
of a termination may be passed by 
simple majority of the voting rights, 
provided, however, that in each 
case there must be more Notehold-
ers consenting to such resolution 
than Noteholders having terminated 
the Notes. 
 
 
 
Emissionsstelle, 
Zahlstelle(n) 
[und Make-Whole Berechnungs-
stelle] 
 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s) 
[and 
Make-Whole 
Calculation 
Agent] 
 
 
 
Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäfts-
stelle. Die Emissionsstelle und die 
Zahlstelle sind nachstehend mit den 
benannten anfänglichen Geschäfts-
stellen aufgeführt: 
Appointment, specified office. The 
Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent 
and their respective initial specified 
offices are as follows: 
 
 
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle:  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent:  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
[Die Make-Whole Berechnungs-
stelle soll eine unabhängige inter-
national anerkannte Bank oder ein 
unabhängiger Finanzberater mit 
einschlägiger Expertise sein, von 
der Emittentin ausgewählt und als 
Berechnungsstelle für diese Zwecke 
bestellt.] 
[The 
Make-Whole 
Calculation 
Agent shall be an independent bank 
of international standing or an inde-
pendent financial adviser with rele-
vant expertise, selected by the Is-
suer and appointed as calculation 
agent for the purposes of such.]

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
Änderung der Bestellung oder Ab-
berufung. Die Emittentin behält sich 
das Recht vor, jederzeit zusätzliche 
Zahlstellen (gemeinsam mit der vor-
genannten Zahlstelle, Zahlstellen 
und jede eine Zahlstelle) zu benen-
nen.  
 
Variation or termination of appoint-
ment. The Issuer reserves the right 
at any time to appoint additional 
paying agents (together with the 
Paying Agent specified above, Pay-
ing Agents and each a Paying 
Agent).  
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich ferner das 
Recht vor, die Ernennung der Emis-
sionsstelle [,][und] der Zahlstellen 
[und 
der 
Make-Whole 
Berech-
nungsstelle] jederzeit anders zu re-
geln oder zu beenden. 
The Issuer further reserves the right 
at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent 
[,][and] any Paying Agent [and the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent]. 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird sicherstellen, 
dass jederzeit (i) eine Emissions-
stelle, (ii) eine Zahlstelle mit einer 
Geschäftsstelle in einer Stadt auf 
dem europäischen Festland und (iii) 
so lange die Schuldverschreibun-
gen auf Veranlassung der Emittentin 
an einer Börse notiert werden, eine 
Zahlstelle mit einer benannten Ge-
schäftsstelle an dem von der betref-
fenden Börse vorgeschriebenen Ort 
bestimmt ist.  
The Issuer will at all times maintain 
(i) a Fiscal Agent (ii) a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in a continen-
tal European city and (iii) so long as 
the Notes are listed on a stock ex-
change at the initiative of the Issuer, 
a Paying Agent with a specified of-
fice in such city as may be required 
by the rules of the relevant stock ex-
change.  
 
 
Die Emissionsstelle [,][und] etwaige 
Zahlstellen [und die Make-Whole 
Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich 
das Recht vor, jederzeit anstelle ih-
rer jeweils benannten Geschäfts-
stelle eine andere Geschäftsstelle 
im selben Land zu bestimmen. Be-
kanntmachungen hinsichtlich aller 
Veränderungen im Hinblick auf die 
Emissionsstelle und etwaige Zahl-
stellen erfolgen unverzüglich durch 
die Emittentin gemäß § 12. 
The Fiscal Agent [,][and] any Pay-
ing Agent [and the Make-Whole Cal-
culation Agent] reserve the right at 
any time to change their respective 
specified offices to some other 
specified office in the same country. 
Notice of all changes in the identities 
or specified offices of the Fiscal 
Agent or any Paying Agent will be 
given promptly by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 12. 
 
 
 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. 
Die Emissionsstelle [,][und] die 
Zahlstelle(n) [und die Make-Whole 
Berechnungsstelle] handeln aus-
schließlich als Beauftragte der Emit-
tentin und übernehmen keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen gegenüber dem An-
leihegläubiger; es wird kein Auf-
trags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwi-
schen ihnen und dem Anleihegläu-
biger begründet. 
 
Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal 
Agent [,][and] any Paying Agent(s) 
[and the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent] act solely as agents of the Is-
suer and do not assume any obliga-
tions towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for the Noteholder. 
 
 
Die Emissionsstelle [,] [und] die 
Zahlstelle(n) [und die Make-Whole 
Berechnungsstelle] können den Rat 
The Fiscal Agent [,] [and] the Pay-
ing Agent(s) [and the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent] may engage the

--- Page 126 ---
126 
eines oder mehrerer Rechtsanwälte 
oder anderer Sachverständiger ein-
holen, deren Beratung oder Dienste 
sie für notwendig hält, und sich auf 
eine solche Beratung verlassen. Die 
Emissionsstelle [,] [und] die Zahl-
stelle(n) [und die Make-Whole Be-
rechnungsstelle] übernehmen keine 
Haftung 
gegenüber 
den 
Anlei-
hegläubigern im Zusammenhang 
mit Handlungen, die in gutem Glau-
ben im Einklang mit einer solchen 
Beratung getätigt, unterlassen oder 
geduldet wurden. 
advice or services of any lawyers or 
other experts whose advice or ser-
vices it deems necessary and may 
rely upon any advice so obtained. 
Neither the Fiscal Agent nor the 
Paying Agent [nor the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent] will incur any lia-
bility as against the Noteholders in 
respect of any action taken, or not 
taken, or suffered to be taken, or not 
taken, in accordance with such ad-
vice in good faith. 
 
 Schuldnerersetzung 
 Substitution 
 
 
 
Ersetzung. 
 
Substitution. 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berech-
tigt, ohne Zustimmung der Anleihe-
gläubiger, eine andere Gesellschaft, 
die direkt oder indirekt von der Emit-
tentin kontrolliert wird (Verbundene 
Unternehmen, wie in § 15 AktG de-
finiert), als neue Emittentin für alle 
sich aus oder im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen er-
gebenden 
Verpflichtungen 
mit 
schuldbefreiender Wirkung für die 
Emittentin an die Stelle der Emitten-
tin zu setzen (Neue Emittentin), so-
fern 
The Issuer may at any time, without 
the consent of the Noteholders, sub-
stitute for the Issuer any other com-
pany which is directly or indirectly 
controlled by the Issuer (Affiliated 
Companies, as defined in Sec-
tion 15 German Stock Corporation 
Act – Aktiengesetz), as new issuer 
(New Issuer) in respect of all obliga-
tions arising under or in connection 
with the Notes with the effect of re-
leasing the Issuer of all such obliga-
tions, if: 
 
 
 
die Neue Emittentin sämtliche 
Verpflichtungen der Emitten-
tin aus oder im Zusammen-
hang mit den Schuldver-
schreibungen 
übernimmt 
und, sofern eine Zustellung 
an die Neue Emittentin außer-
halb 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
erfolgen 
müsste, einen Zustellungsbe-
vollmächtigten in der Bundes-
republik Deutschland bestellt; 
 
the New Issuer assumes any 
and all obligations of the Is-
suer arising under or in con-
nection with the Notes and, if 
service of process vis-à-vis 
the New Issuer would have to 
be effected outside the Fed-
eral Republic of Germany, 
appoints a process agent 
within the Federal Republic of 
Germany; 
 
 
 
die Emittentin und die Neue 
Emittentin sämtliche für die 
Schuldnerersetzung und die 
Erfüllung der Verpflichtungen 
aus oder im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibun-
gen erforderlichen Genehmi-
gungen erhalten haben; 
 
the Issuer and the New Issuer 
have obtained all authorisa-
tions and approvals neces-
sary for the substitution and 
the fulfilment of the obliga-
tions arising under or in con-
nection with the Notes;

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
die Neue Emittentin in der 
Lage ist, sämtliche zur Erfül-
lung der aufgrund der Schuld-
verschreibungen 
bestehen-
den Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
erforderlichen Beträge in der 
Festgelegten Währung an 
das Clearingsystem oder die 
Emissionsstelle zu zahlen, 
und zwar ohne Abzug oder 
Einbehalt von Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben jedweder 
Art, die von dem Land (oder 
den Ländern), in dem (in de-
nen) die Neue Emittentin ih-
ren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, 
auferlegt, erhoben oder ein-
gezogen werden; 
 
the New Issuer is in the posi-
tion to pay to the Clearing 
System or to the Fiscal Agent 
in the Specified Currency and 
without deducting or withhold-
ing any taxes or other duties 
of whatever nature imposed, 
levied or deducted by the 
country 
(or 
countries) 
in 
which the New Issuer has its 
domicile or tax residence all 
amounts required for the per-
formance of the payment ob-
ligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes; 
 
 
 
die Emittentin unbedingt und 
unwiderruflich die Verpflich-
tungen der Neuen Emittentin 
aus den Schuldverschreibun-
gen zu Bedingungen garan-
tiert, die sicherstellen, dass 
jeder Anleihegläubiger wirt-
schaftlich mindestens so ge-
stellt wird, wie er ohne die Er-
setzung stehen würde; 
 
the Issuer unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantees such 
obligations of the New Issuer 
under the Notes on terms 
which ensure that each Note-
holder will be put in an eco-
nomic position that is at least 
as favourable as that which 
would have existed if the sub-
stitution had not taken place; 
 
 
 
die Neue Emittentin sich ver-
pflichtet hat, jeden Anleihe-
gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher 
Steuern, Abgaben oder be-
hördlichen Lasten freizustel-
len, die einem Anleihegläubi-
ger bezüglich der Ersetzung 
auferlegt werden; und 
 
the New Issuer has agreed to 
indemnify and hold harmless 
each Noteholder against any 
tax, duty, assessment or gov-
ernmental charge imposed on 
such Noteholder in respect of 
such substitution; and 
 
 
 
der Emissionsstelle ein oder 
mehrere 
Rechtsgutachten 
von anerkannten Rechtsan-
wälten vorgelegt werden, wel-
che bestätigen, dass die 
Bestimmungen in den vorste-
henden Unterabsätzen (i) bis 
(v) erfüllt wurden. 
 
there shall have been deliv-
ered to the Fiscal Agent an 
opinion of lawyers of recog-
nised standing to the effect 
that subparagraphs (i) to (v) 
above have been satisfied. 
 
 
 
Bezugnahmen. 
 
References. 
 
 
 
Im Fall einer Schuldnererset-
zung gemäß § 10(a) gilt jede 
Bezugnahme in diesen Anlei-
hebedingungen auf die Emit-
tentin als eine solche auf die 
Neue Emittentin. 
 
In the event of a substitution 
pursuant to § 10(a), any refer-
ence in these Terms and 
Conditions to the Issuer shall 
be a reference to the New Is-
suer.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
Klarstellend 
sei 
erwähnt, 
dass dies nur gilt, soweit sich 
nicht aus Sinn und Zweck der 
jeweiligen Bedingung ergibt, 
dass die Bezugnahme entwe-
der weiterhin nur auf die TAG 
Immobilien AG erfolgen soll, 
oder dass die Bezugnahme 
auf die Neue Emittentin und 
gleichzeitig auch auf die TAG 
Immobilien AG, im Hinblick 
auf 
deren 
Verpflichtungen 
aus der Garantie gemäß 
§ 10(a)(iv) erfolgen soll. 
For the avoidance of doubt 
this shall apply only to the ex-
tent that the meaning and 
purpose of the relevant condi-
tion requires that the relevant 
reference shall continue to be 
a reference only to TAG Im-
mobilien AG, or that the refer-
ence shall be to the New Is-
suer and TAG Immobilien 
AG, in relation to TAG Immo-
bilien AG's obligations under 
the guarantee pursuant to 
§ 10(a)(iv) at the same time. 
 
 
 
In § 8 gilt ein weiterer Kündi-
gungsgrund als aufgenom-
men, der dann besteht, wenn 
die 
Garantie 
gemäß 
§ 10(a)(iv) mit rechtskräftiger 
Entscheidung eines zuständi-
gen Gerichts für nicht vollum-
fänglich wirksam erklärt wird, 
oder die Garantin einen Man-
gel der Wirksamkeit behaup-
tet und dieser Mangel nicht in-
nerhalb von zehn Geschäfts-
tagen behoben wird. 
 
In § 8 a further event of de-
fault shall be deemed to have 
been included; such event of 
default shall exist in the case 
that the guarantee pursuant 
to § 10(a)(iv) is determined by 
the final decision of a compe-
tent court or is claimed by the 
guarantor not to be in full 
force and effect and such de-
fect is not corrected within ten 
business days. 
 
 
 Verpflichtungserklärungen  
 Covenants  
 
 
 
Beschränkungen für das Eingehen 
von Finanzverbindlichkeiten. Die 
Emittentin verpflichtet sich, nach 
dem Begebungstag keine Finanz-
verbindlichkeiten einzugehen und 
sicherzustellen, dass ihre Tochter-
gesellschaften nach dem Bege-
bungstag keine Finanzverbindlich-
keiten eingehen (in beiden Fällen 
mit Ausnahme von Finanzverbind-
lichkeiten zur Refinanzierung beste-
hender Finanzverbindlichkeiten mit 
einem Gesamtnennbetrag, der dem 
Gesamtnennbetrag der refinanzier-
ten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
ent-
spricht oder diesen unterschreitet), 
wenn jeweils unmittelbar nach dem 
wirksamen Eingehen solcher weite-
rer Finanzverbindlichkeiten und der 
Verwendung des damit erzielten 
Nettoerlöses eine der folgenden Be-
dingungen erfüllt wären:  
 
Limitations on Incurrence of Finan-
cial Indebtedness. The Issuer un-
dertakes that it will not, and will pro-
cure that none of its Subsidiaries 
will, after the Issue Date, incur any 
Financial Indebtedness (in both 
cases except for Financial Indebted-
ness for refinancing existing Finan-
cial Indebtedness with an aggregate 
principal amount that is equal to or 
less than the aggregate principal 
amount of the refinanced Financial 
Indebtedness) if, immediately after 
giving effect to the incurrence of 
such additional Financial Indebted-
ness and the application of the net 
proceeds of such incurrence, 
 
 
 
das Verhältnis der (i) Summe 
(x) der Konsolidierten Nettofi-
nanzverbindlichkeiten 
der 
 
the ratio of (i) the sum of (x) 
the Consolidated Net Finan-
cial 
Indebtedness 
of 
the

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Gruppe zum unmittelbar vo-
rangegangenen 
Berichts-
stichtag, zu dem ein Konzern-
abschluss der Emittentin ver-
öffentlicht worden ist, und (y) 
der Neuen Finanzverbindlich-
keiten, die seit dem unmittel-
bar vorangegangenen Be-
richtsstichtag 
eingegangen 
wurden, zu dem ein Konzern-
abschluss der Emittentin ver-
öffentlicht worden ist, zu (ii) 
der 
Summe 
(unter 
Aus-
schluss einer Doppelberück-
sichtigung) (x) der Summe 
Aktiva (zur Klarstellung: ab-
züglich der Position "Liquide 
Mittel") zum unmittelbar vo-
rangegangenen 
Berichts-
stichtag, zu dem ein Konzern-
abschluss der Emittentin ver-
öffentlicht worden ist, (y) der 
Kaufpreise für Immobilienver-
mögen (ohne Abzüge für 
übernommene 
Finanzver-
bindlichkeiten), das seit dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegange-
nen Berichtsstichtag, zu dem 
ein Konzernabschluss der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
wurde, erworben wurde oder 
für dessen Erwerb seit die-
sem Zeitpunkt eine Verpflich-
tung eingegangen wurde, und 
(z) des Erlöses aus Finanz-
verbindlichkeiten, 
die 
seit 
dem unmittelbar vorangegan-
genen Berichtsstichtag einge-
gangen wurden, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss der Emit-
tentin veröffentlicht wurde (je-
doch nur soweit dieser Erlös 
nicht zum Erwerb von Immo-
bilienvermögen oder zur Ver-
ringerung von Finanzverbind-
lichkeiten verwendet wurde) 
(dieses Verhältnis in Bezug 
auf einen beliebigen Zeit-
punkt, der Verschuldungs-
grad (LTV) zu dem entspre-
chenden 
Zeitpunkt) 
60 % 
übersteigen würde; oder 
Group as of the immediately 
preceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have 
been published and (y) the 
New Financial Indebtedness 
incurred since the immedi-
ately 
preceding 
Reporting 
Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published 
to (ii) the sum of (without du-
plication) (x) the Total Assets 
(for the avoidance of doubt: 
less the position "cash and 
cash equivalents") as of the 
immediately preceding Re-
porting Date for which Con-
solidated 
Financial 
State-
ments of the Issuer have 
been published, (y) the pur-
chase prices of any Real Es-
tate Property (without any de-
ductions for assumed Finan-
cial Indebtedness) acquired 
or contracted for acquisition 
since the immediately pre-
ceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have 
been published and (z) the 
proceeds of any Financial In-
debtedness incurred since 
the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated Financial State-
ments of the Issuer have 
been published (but only to 
the extent such proceeds 
were not used to acquire Real 
Estate Property or to reduce 
Financial 
Indebtedness) 
(such ratio, with respect to 
any date, the Loan-to-Value 
Ratio as of that date) would 
exceed 60 per cent; or 
 
 
(i) die Summe (x) der Besi-
cherten Finanzverbindlichkei-
ten der Gruppe zum unmittel-
bar vorangegangenen Be-
richtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
 
(i) the sum of (x) the Secured 
Financial Indebtedness as of 
the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated 
Financial

--- Page 130 ---
130 
Konzernabschluss der Emit-
tentin veröffentlicht worden 
ist, und (y) der Neuen Besi-
cherten Finanzverbindlichkei-
ten, die seit dem unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichts-
stichtag eingegangen wur-
den, zu dem ein Konzernab-
schluss der Emittentin veröf-
fentlicht worden ist, würde ei-
nen Betrag in Höhe von 45% 
(ii) der Summe (unter Aus-
schluss einer Doppelberück-
sichtigung) (x) der Summe 
Aktiva zum unmittelbar voran-
gegangenen 
Berichtsstich-
tag, zu dem ein Konzernab-
schluss der Emittentin veröf-
fentlicht worden ist, (y) der 
Kaufpreise für Immobilienver-
mögen (ohne Abzüge für 
übernommene 
Finanzver-
bindlichkeiten), das seit dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegange-
nen Berichtsstichtag, zu dem 
ein Konzernabschluss der 
Emittentin veröffentlicht wor-
den ist, erworben wurde oder 
für dessen Erwerb seit die-
sem Zeitpunkt eine Verpflich-
tung eingegangen wurde, und 
(z) des Erlöses aus Finanz-
verbindlichkeiten, 
die 
seit 
dem unmittelbar vorangegan-
genen Berichtsstichtag einge-
gangen wurden, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss der Emit-
tentin veröffentlicht worden ist 
(jedoch nur soweit dieser Er-
lös nicht zum Erwerb von Im-
mobilienvermögen oder zur 
Verringerung von Finanzver-
bindlichkeiten 
verwendet 
wurde) (dieses Verhältnis in 
Bezug auf einen beliebigen 
Zeitpunkt, 
der 
Verschul-
dungsgrad (LTV) Besicher-
tes Vermögen zu dem ent-
sprechenden Zeitpunkt) über-
steigen. 
Statements of the Issuer have 
been published and (y) the 
New Secured Financial In-
debtedness incurred since 
the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated Financial State-
ments of the Issuer have 
been published would exceed 
45 per cent. of (ii) the sum of 
(without duplication) (x) Total 
Assets as of the immediately 
preceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have 
been published, (y) the pur-
chase prices of any Real Es-
tate Property (without any de-
ductions for assumed Finan-
cial Indebtedness) acquired 
or contracted for acquisition 
since the immediately pre-
ceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have 
been published and (z) the 
proceeds of any Financial In-
debtedness incurred since 
the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated Financial State-
ments of the Issuer have 
been published (but only to 
the extent such proceeds 
were not used to acquire Real 
Estate Property or to reduce 
Financial 
Indebtedness) 
(such ratio, with respect to 
any date, the Secured Loan-
to-Value Ratio as of that 
date). 
 
 
Einhaltung des Konsolidierten De-
ckungsgrads. Die Emittentin ver-
pflichtet sich sicherzustellen, dass 
das Verhältnis von (i) dem Gesamt-
betrag des Konsolidierten Bereinig-
ten EBITDA in den jeweils letzten 
vier 
aufeinanderfolgenden 
 
Maintenance of Consolidated Cov-
erage Ratio. The Issuer undertakes 
to ensure that the ratio of (i) the ag-
gregate amount of Consolidated Ad-
justed EBITDA in the respective 
most recent four consecutive quar-
ters ending prior to the Reporting

--- Page 131 ---
131 
Quartalen, die vor dem Berichts-
stichtag geendet haben, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin 
veröffentlicht worden ist, zu (ii) dem 
Gesamtbetrag des Zahlungswirksa-
men Zinsergebnisses in den jeweils 
letzten vier aufeinanderfolgenden 
Quartalen, die vor dem Berichtstich-
tag geendet haben, zum dem ein 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin 
veröffentlicht worden ist, nicht weni-
ger als 1,80 zu 1,00 betragen wird.  
Date for which Consolidated Finan-
cial Statements of the Issuer have 
been published to (ii) the aggregate 
amount of Net Cash Interest in the 
respective most recent four consec-
utive quarters ending prior to the 
Reporting Date for which Consoli-
dated Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published will be 
no less than 1.80 to 1.00. 
 
 
Berichte. Solange Schuldverschrei-
bungen ausstehen, veröffentlicht die 
Emittentin die folgenden Angaben 
auf ihrer Internetseite: 
 
Reports. For so long as any Notes 
are outstanding, the Issuer shall 
post on its website, 
 
 
 
Innerhalb von 120 Tagen 
nach dem Ende des Ge-
schäftsjahrs der Emittentin ei-
nen Geschäftsbericht mit ei-
nem geprüften Konzernab-
schluss nach den in der EU 
anwendbaren 
International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Stan-
dards (IFRS) und einem La-
gebericht nach § 315 HGB; 
und 
 
within 120 days after the end 
of each of the Issuer’s fiscal 
years, annual reports contain-
ing the audited consolidated 
financial statements in ac-
cordance 
with 
IFRS 
as 
adopted by the EU and the 
management report in ac-
cordance with Section 315 of 
the 
German 
Commercial 
Code; and 
 
 
 
innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach 
dem Ende jedes der ersten 
drei 
Quartale 
jedes 
Ge-
schäftsjahrs der Emittentin ei-
nen ungeprüften verkürzten 
Konzern-Zwischenabschluss 
nach den in der EU anwend-
baren IFRS bzw. eine Quar-
talsmitteilung 
entsprechend 
den 
Anforderungen 
der 
Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse. 
 
within 60 days after the end of 
each of the first three fiscal 
quarters in each fiscal year of 
the Issuer, unaudited con-
densed consolidated quar-
terly financial statements in 
accordance with IFRS as 
adopted by the EU or a quar-
terly statement in accordance 
with the requirements of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
 
 
 
Definitionen. 
 
Definitions. 
 
 
Berichtsstichtag ist der 31. März, 
30. Juni, 30. September und 31. De-
zember eines jeden Jahres. 
Reporting Date means 31 March, 
30 June, 30 September and 31 De-
cember of each year. 
 
 
Besicherte Finanzverbindlichkei-
ten bezeichnet den Teil der Konso-
lidierten Nettofinanzverbindlichkei-
ten, der mit Sicherungsrechten an 
Immobilien oder sonstigen Vermö-
genswerten der Emittentin oder ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
dinglich 
Secured Financial Indebtedness 
means that portion of the Consoli-
dated Net Financial Indebtedness 
that is secured by a Lien on proper-
ties or other assets of the Issuer or 
any of its Subsidiaries (each as de-
termined in accordance with IFRS).

--- Page 132 ---
132 
besichert ist (jeweils nach IFRS er-
mittelt). 
 
Eingehen bezeichnet in Bezug auf 
eine Finanzverbindlichkeit oder eine 
sonstige Verbindlichkeit einer Per-
son die Begründung, die Über-
nahme, Abgabe einer Garantie oder 
Bürgschaft dafür oder eine ander-
weitige Übernahme der Haftung für 
diese 
Finanzverbindlichkeit 
oder 
sonstige Verbindlichkeit; das Einge-
hen bzw. eingegangen sind entspre-
chend auszulegen. 
Incur means, with respect to any Fi-
nancial Indebtedness or other obli-
gation of any Person, to create, as-
sume, guarantee or otherwise be-
come liable in respect of such Fi-
nancial Indebtedness or other obli-
gation, and incurrence and incurred 
have the meanings correlative to the 
foregoing. 
 
 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten bezeich-
net (unter Ausschluss einer Doppel-
berücksichtigung) alle Verbindlich-
keiten (ausgenommen solche ge-
genüber anderen Mitgliedern der 
Gruppe) aus: 
Financial Indebtedness means 
(without duplication) any indebted-
ness (excluding any indebtedness 
owed to another member of the 
Group) for or in respect of: 
 
 
 
aufgenommenen Geldern; 
 
money borrowed; 
 
 
 
allen im Rahmen von Akzept-
krediten oder eines demateri-
alisierten Äquivalents aufge-
nommenen Beträge; 
 
any amount raised by ac-
ceptance 
under 
any 
ac-
ceptance credit facility or a 
dematerialised equivalent; 
 
 
 
allen im Rahmen von Fazilitä-
ten zum Kauf kurzfristiger 
Schuldtitel oder aus der Be-
gebung 
von 
Anleihen, 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
Commercial Paper oder ver-
gleichbaren 
Instrumenten 
aufgenommenen Beträgen; 
 
any amount raised pursuant 
to any note purchase facility 
or the issue of bonds, notes, 
commercial papers or any 
similar instrument; 
 
 
 
veräußerten oder diskontier-
ten Forderungen (außer bei 
einem 
Forderungsverkauf 
ohne Rückgriffsrecht); 
 
receivables 
sold 
or 
dis-
counted (other than any re-
ceivables to the extend they 
are sold on a non-recourse 
basis); 
 
 
 
der Aufnahme von Beträgen 
im Rahmen anderer Rechts-
geschäfte (einschließlich Ter-
mingeschäften), die die wirt-
schaftliche 
Wirkung 
einer 
Kreditaufnahme haben, aus-
genommen jedoch Bankga-
rantie-Fazilitäten, 
die 
der 
Emittentin oder einer Tochter-
gesellschaft von Finanzinsti-
tuten gewährt werden oder 
gewährt werden sollen und in 
deren Rahmen die Emittentin 
 
any amounts raised under 
any other transaction (includ-
ing any forward sale or pur-
chase agreement) having the 
commercial effect of a bor-
rowing, but excluding bank 
guarantee facilities made or 
to be made available by finan-
cial institutions to the Issuer 
or a Subsidiary under which 
the Issuer or the respective 
Subsidiary may request the 
issue of a bank guarantee or

--- Page 133 ---
133 
bzw. die jeweilige Tochterge-
sellschaft die Ausstellung ei-
ner oder mehrerer Bankga-
rantien zugunsten einer Per-
son verlangen kann, die sich 
zum Erwerb von Immobilien-
vermögen von der Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
Tochtergesell-
schaft verpflichtet hat; 
bank guarantees in favour of 
a person who agrees to pur-
chase a Real Estate Property 
owned by the Issuer or a Sub-
sidiary; 
 
 
Derivategeschäften, die zur 
Absicherung oder Spekula-
tion im Hinblick auf Zins- oder 
Preisschwankungen 
abge-
schlossen werden (wobei bei 
der Berechnung des Wertes 
eines Derivategeschäfts nur 
der Marktwert (mark to mar-
ket value) zu berücksichtigen 
ist); 
 
any derivative transaction en-
tered into in connection with 
protection against or benefit 
from fluctuation in any rate or 
price (and, when calculating 
the value of any derivative 
transaction, only the mark to 
market value shall be taken 
into account); 
 
 
 
einer Gegenverpflichtung zur 
Freistellung in Bezug auf eine 
Bürgschaft, 
eine 
Freistel-
lungsverpflichtung, eine Ga-
rantie, ein Garantie- oder Do-
kumentenakkreditiv oder ein 
anderes von einer Bank oder 
einem Finanzinstitut ausge-
stelltes Instrument; und 
 
any counter-indemnity obliga-
tion in respect of a guarantee, 
indemnity, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or 
any other instrument issued 
by a bank or financial institu-
tion; and 
 
 
 Verbindlichkeiten aus einer 
Garantie, 
Bürgschaft 
oder 
Freistellungsverpflichtung in 
Bezug auf Verbindlichkeiten 
der in den vorstehenden Ab-
sätzen (i) bis (vii) genannten 
Art, 
 the amount of any liability in 
respect of any guarantee or 
indemnity for any of the items 
referred to in paragraphs (i) to 
(vii) above, 
 
 
jeweils nur falls und soweit der je-
weilige Betrag oder die jeweilige 
Verpflichtung nach IFRS als "Ver-
bindlichkeit" erfasst wird. 
in each such case only if and to the 
extent the relevant amount or obli-
gation is recorded as "indebted-
ness" in accordance with IFRS. 
 
 
Gruppe bezeichnet die Emittentin 
und ihre Tochtergesellschaften. 
Group means the Issuer together 
with its Subsidiaries. 
 
 
IFRS bezeichnet die in der EU an-
wendbaren International Financial 
Reporting Standards des Internatio-
nal Accounting Standard Board in 
jeweils geltender Fassung. 
IFRS means the International Finan-
cial 
Reporting 
Standards 
as 
adopted by the European Union and 
as published by the International Ac-
counting Standards Board, as in ef-
fect from time to time. 
 
 
Immobilienvermögen bezeichnet 
(unter Ausschluss einer Doppelbe-
rücksichtigung) 
das 
im 
Real Estate Property means (with-
out duplication) the real estate prop-
erty 
of 
the 
Issuer 
and 
the

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin in 
den Bilanzpositionen "Renditelie-
genschaften", "Sachanlagen", "Im-
mobilien des Vorratsvermögens" 
und "zur Veräußerung bestimmtes 
langfristiges Vermögen" zum unmit-
telbar 
vorausgehendenden 
Be-
richtsstichtag, zu dem ein Konzern-
abschluss der Emittentin veröffent-
licht worden ist, angesetzte oder 
nach IFRS seit dem unmittelbar vo-
rangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu 
dem ein Konzernabschluss der 
Emittentin veröffentlicht worden ist, 
anzusetzende Immobilienvermögen 
der Emittentin und der Tochterge-
sellschaften. 
Subsidiaries that is recognised as of 
the immediately preceding Report-
ing Date for which Consolidated Fi-
nancial Statements of the Issuer 
have been published, or is required 
to be recognised in accordance with 
IFRS since the immediately preced-
ing Reporting Date for which Con-
solidated Financial Statements of 
the Issuer have been published, in 
the balance sheet items "investment 
properties", "property, plant and 
equipment", "property held as inven-
tory" and "non-current assets held 
for sale" of the Consolidated Finan-
cial Statements of the Issuer. 
 
Konsolidierte 
Nettofinanzver-
bindlichkeiten bezeichnet die nach 
IFRS 
ermittelten 
Nettofinanzver-
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin und ih-
rer Tochtergesellschaften auf kon-
solidierter Basis als die Summe von 
"Verbindlichkeiten gegenüber Kre-
ditinstituten", "Verbindlichkeiten aus 
Unternehmensanleihen und sons-
tige Darlehen" und "Verbindlichkei-
ten aus Wandelanleihen", abzüglich 
"Liquide Mittel" (jeweils wie im Kon-
zernabschluss der Emittentin aus-
gewiesen). 
Consolidated Net Financial In-
debtedness means the net financial 
indebtedness of the Issuer and any 
of its Subsidiaries, on a consoli-
dated basis determined in accord-
ance with IFRS as the sum of "liabil-
ities to banks", "liabilities from cor-
porate bonds and other loans" and 
"liabilities from convertible bonds", 
less "cash and cash equivalents" 
(each as shown in the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer). 
 
 
Konsolidiertes 
Bereinigtes 
EBITDA bezeichnet den unter der 
Überschrift "EBIT" angegebenen 
Zahlenwert bereinigt um (i) die "Fair-
Value Änderungen von Renditelie-
genschaften und Bewertung von 
Vorratsimmobilien" (mit Ausnahme 
von Fair-Value Änderungen von in 
Polen zur Veräußerung gehaltenen 
Immobilien), (ii) das "Verkaufser-
gebnis Vorratsimmobilien (Deutsch-
land)", (iii) "Abschreibungen", (iv) 
das "Ergebnis aus Verkäufen von 
Renditeliegenschaften", (v) die Pro-
jektkosten mit Einmalcharakter und 
andere außerordentliche sowie peri-
odenfremde Aufwendungen und Er-
träge, (vi) Effekte aus Kaufpreisallo-
kationen im Verkaufsergebnis Polen 
zuzüglich (vii) der um Effekte aus 
Kaufpreisallokationen 
bereinigten 
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 
means the number set out in the 
item "EBIT" adjusted for (i) "fair 
value changes in investment proper-
ties and valuation of properties held 
as inventory" (except for fair value 
changes of properties held for sale 
in Poland), (ii) "Net income from the 
sale of inventories (Germany)", 
(iii) "depreciation", 
(iv) "gains 
/ 
losses from the disposal of invest-
ment properties", (v) non-recurring 
project costs and other extraordi-
nary and prior-period expenses and 
income, (vi) effects from the pur-
chase price allocation in the sales 
Poland plus (vii) results from joint 
ventures in the sales business in 
Poland, adjusted for purchase price 
allocation.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Ergebnisse aus Joint Ventures im 
Verkaufsgeschäft in Polen. 
 
Konzernabschluss bezeichnet in 
Bezug auf eine Person den nach 
IFRS erstellten Konzernabschluss 
mit Anhang und Lagebericht für 
diese Person und ihre Tochterunter-
nehmen sowie Konzernzwischenab-
schlüsse und Quartalsmitteilungen 
(zum relevanten Zeitpunkt). 
Consolidated 
Financial 
State-
ments means, with respect to any 
Person, the consolidated financial 
statements and notes to those finan-
cial statements and the group man-
agement report of that Person and 
its subsidiaries prepared in accord-
ance with IFRS as well as interim 
consolidated financial statements 
and quarterly statements (as of the 
relevant date). 
 
 
Neue Finanzverbindlichkeiten be-
zeichnet den Betrag der eingegan-
genen Finanzverbindlichkeiten ab-
züglich (i) des Betrags der zurück-
gezahlten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
und (ii) "Liquide Mittel" (jeweils nach 
IFRS ermittelt). 
New 
Financial 
Indebtedness 
means the amount of Financial In-
debtedness incurred minus (i) the 
amount of Financial Indebtedness 
repaid and (ii) "cash and cash equiv-
alents" (each as determined in ac-
cordance with IFRS). 
 
 
Neue Besicherte Finanzverbind-
lichkeiten bezeichnet den Betrag 
der eingegangenen Besicherten Fi-
nanzverbindlichkeiten abzüglich des 
Betrags der zurückgezahlten Besi-
cherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten (je-
weils nach IFRS ermittelt).  
New Secured Financial Indebted-
ness means the amount of Secured 
Financial Indebtedness incurred mi-
nus the amount of Secured Finan-
cial Indebtedness repaid (each as 
determined in accordance with 
IFRS).  
 
 
Person bezeichnet natürliche Per-
sonen, Körperschaften, Personen-
gesellschaften, Joint Ventures, Ver-
einigungen, 
Aktiengesellschaften, 
Trusts, nicht rechtsfähige Vereini-
gungen, Gesellschaften mit be-
schränkter Haftung, staatliche Stel-
len (oder Behörden oder Gebiets-
körperschaften) 
oder 
sonstige 
Rechtsträger.  
Person means any individual, cor-
poration, partnership, joint venture, 
association, joint stock company, 
trust, unincorporated organisation, 
limited liability company or govern-
ment (or any agency or political sub-
division thereof) or any other entity.  
 
 
Sicherungsrecht bezeichnet (unter 
Ausschluss einer Doppelberück-
sichtigung) 
Sicherungsrechte, 
Grundpfandrechte, Sicherung-Treu-
handverträge, Sicherungsurkunden, 
Verpfändungsverträge, Sicherungs-
abtretungen, 
Sicherungsübereig-
nungen, Hinterlegungsvereinbarun-
gen oder sonstige Sicherungsabre-
den, ausgenommen Rechte zur Auf-
rechnung, jedoch u. a. einschließlich 
bedingte Kaufverträge oder Verein-
barungen 
unter 
Lien means (without duplication) 
any lien, mortgage, trust deed, deed 
of trust, deed, pledge, security inter-
est, assignment for collateral pur-
poses, deposit arrangement, or 
other security agreement, excluding 
any right of setoff but including, with-
out limitation, any conditional sale or 
other title retention agreement, any 
financing lease having substantially 
the same economic effect as any of 
the foregoing, and any other like 
agreement granting or conveying a

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Eigentumsvorbehalt, 
Finanzie-
rungsleasingverträge, 
die 
wirt-
schaftlich im Wesentlichen den vor-
genannten Vereinbarungen gleich-
kommen, sowie sonstige Vereinba-
rungen, die ein dingliches Siche-
rungsrecht gewähren oder übertra-
gen und zwar einer Person, die nicht 
Mitglied der Gruppe ist, jeweils zur 
Besicherung ausstehender Finanz-
verbindlichkeiten, jedoch keine  
security interest in rem to a Person 
that is not a member of the Group, 
in each case to secure outstanding 
Financial Indebtedness, but in each 
case excluding  
 
 
in Abteilung 2 eines deut-
schen Grundbuchs eingetra-
genen Belastungen;  
 
any encumbrance registered 
in department 2 of the Ger-
man land register;  
 
 
 
Sicherungsrechte, die im Zu-
sammenhang mit der Veräu-
ßerung eines Vermögens-
werts im Rahmen der ge-
wöhnlichen 
Geschäftstätig-
keit entstehen, u. a. Siche-
rungsrechte an Vermögens-
werten, die Gegenstand ei-
nes Kaufvertrags sind, zur Fi-
nanzierung des Kaufpreises;  
 
any lien arising in connection 
with a disposal of an asset in 
the ordinary course of busi-
ness including, without limita-
tion, any lien created in as-
sets subject to a sale agree-
ment for the purposes of fi-
nancing the purchase price;  
 
 
 
Sicherungsrechte, 
für 
die 
dem maßgeblichen Mitglied 
der Gruppe eine unbedingte 
Löschungsbewilligung über-
mittelt wurde;  
 
any lien in respect of which an 
unconditional deletion con-
sent has been delivered to 
the relevant member of the 
Group;  
 
 
 
Sicherungsrechte, die kraft 
Gesetzes (oder kraft einer 
Vereinbarung mit derselben 
Wirkung) oder im Rahmen 
der gewöhnlichen Geschäfts-
tätigkeit entstehen;  
 
any lien arising by operation 
of law (or by agreement hav-
ing the same effect) or in the 
ordinary course of business;  
 
 
 
Barsicherheiten, die im Zu-
sammenhang mit Währungs- 
und 
Zinsabsicherungsge-
schäften gestellt werden; und 
 
any cash collateral posted in 
connection with cross-cur-
rency and interest rate hedg-
ing transactions; and 
 
 
 
Sicherungsrechte an Bank-
konten nach Maßgabe der all-
gemeinen 
Geschäftsbedin-
gungen des Anbieters von 
Bankkonten.  
 
any lien on bank accounts un-
der general terms and condi-
tions of any provider of bank 
accounts.  
 
 
Summe Aktiva bezeichnet den 
Wert der konsolidierten Bilanz-
summe der Emittentin und der Toch-
tergesellschaften, der in einer nach 
IFRS erstellten konsolidierten Bilanz 
der 
Emittentin 
erscheint 
oder 
Total Assets means the value of 
the consolidated total assets of the 
Issuer and the Subsidiaries, as such 
amount appears, or would appear, 
on a consolidated balance sheet of 
the Issuer prepared in accordance

--- Page 137 ---
137 
erscheinen 
würde, 
wobei 
die 
"Summe Aktiva" die Zuflüsse aus 
den einzugehenden Finanzverbind-
lichkeiten einschließt.  
with IFRS, provided that "Total As-
sets" shall include the proceeds of 
the Financial Indebtedness to be in-
curred.  
 
Zahlungswirksames 
Zinsergeb-
nis bezeichnet alle in der konsoli-
dierten Gewinn- und Verlustrech-
nung in den Zeilen “Sonstiges Fi-
nanzergebnis”, “Zinsertrag” oder 
"Zinsaufwand" erfassten, an Perso-
nen, die nicht Mitglied der Gruppe 
sind, aufgelaufenen, bar zu zahlen-
den Zinsen und sonstigen Finanzie-
rungskosten abzüglich des Betrags 
aller durch Mitglieder der Gruppe 
von Personen, die nicht Mitglied der 
Gruppe sind, zu erhaltenden und 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen und sonsti-
gen Finanzierungskosten, jeweils 
ausgenommen einmalige Finanzie-
rungskosten (u. a. einmalige Ent-
gelte 
und/oder 
Vorfälligkeitsent-
schädigungen). 
Net Cash Interest means all cash 
interest 
and 
other 
financing 
charges, which are recognised in 
the consolidated income statement 
in the lines "net income from invest-
ments", "interest income" or "inter-
est expense", accrued to persons 
who are not members of the Group 
less the amount of any interest and 
other financing charges accrued to 
be received by members of the 
Group from persons who are not 
members of the Group, in each 
case, excluding any one-off financ-
ing charges (including without limita-
tion, any one-off fees and/or break 
costs). 
 
 
 Bekanntmachungen 
 Notices 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die an 
der Luxem-
burger 
Börse no-
tiert 
sind, 
ist Folgen-
des 
an-
wendbar: 
 
Veröffentlichungen. Alle die Schuld-
verschreibungen betreffenden Mit-
teilungen erfolgen durch elektroni-
sche Publikation auf der Internet-
seite 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(www.luxse.com). Jede Mitteilung 
gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag 
der Veröffentlichung als wirksam er-
folgt. 
 
Publications. All notices concerning 
the Notes will be made by means of 
electronic publication on the internet 
website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any 
notice so given will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the third 
day following the date of such publi-
cation. 
In 
the 
case 
of 
Notes 
which are 
listed 
on 
the 
Lux-
embourg 
Stock Ex-
change 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies:  
 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsys-
tem. Solange Schuldverschreibun-
gen an der Luxemburger Börse 
(Bourse de Luxembourg) am Regu-
lierten Markt zugelassen sind, findet 
§ 12 Absatz (a) Anwendung. Soweit 
die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse 
dies zulassen, kann die Emittentin 
eine Veröffentlichung nach § 12 Ab-
satz (a) durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System zur Weiterleitung 
an die Anleihegläubiger ersetzen; 
jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünf-
ten Tag nach dem Tag der Mittei-
lung an das Clearing System als den 
Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt. 
 
Notification to Clearing System. So 
long as any Notes are listed on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxem-
bourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de 
Luxembourg), § 12(a) shall apply. If 
the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so permit, the Issuer may 
deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System for communication 
by the Clearing System to the Note-
holders, in lieu of publication as set 
forth in § 12(a) above; any such no-
tice shall be deemed to have been 
validly given on the fifth day after the 
day on which the said notice was 
given to the Clearing System.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
nicht 
auf 
Veranlas-
sung 
der 
Emittentin 
an 
einer 
Börse no-
tiert 
sind, 
ist Folgen-
des 
an-
wendbar: 
 
Veröffentlichungen. Alle die Schuld-
verschreibungen betreffenden Mit-
teilungen erfolgen durch elektroni-
sche Publikation auf der Internet-
seite 
der 
Emittentin 
(www.tag-
ag.com). Jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt im Zeitpunkt der so erfolgten 
Veröffentlichung seitens der Emit-
tentin als wirksam erfolgt. 
 
Publications. All notices concerning 
the Notes will be made by means of 
electronic publication on the internet 
website of the Issuer (www.tag-
ag.com). Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given when 
so published by the Issuer. 
In 
the 
case 
of 
Notes 
which are 
not listed 
at the initi-
ative 
of 
the Issuer, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsys-
tem. Die Emittentin wird zusätzlich 
alle die Schuldverschreibungen be-
treffenden Mitteilungen an das Clea-
ringsystem zur Weiterleitung an die 
Anleihegläubiger übermitteln. 
 
Notification to Clearing System. In 
addition, the Issuer shall deliver all 
notices concerning the Notes to the 
Clearing System for communication 
by the Clearing System to the Note-
holders. 
 
[(c)][(d)] 
Mitteilungen 
eines 
Anlei-
hegläubigers. 
Mitteilungen, 
die von einem Anleihegläubi-
ger gemacht werden, müssen 
schriftlich erfolgen und zu-
sammen mit dem Nachweis 
seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß 
§ 14(c)(a) an die Emissions-
stelle geleitet werden. Eine 
solche Mitteilung kann über 
das Clearingsystem in der 
von der Emissionsstelle und 
dem Clearingsystem dafür 
vorgesehenen Weise erfol-
gen. 
[(c)][(d)] 
Notices by a Noteholder. No-
tices to be given by any Note-
holder shall be made in writ-
ten form together with an evi-
dence of the Noteholder's en-
titlement in accordance with 
§ 14(c)(a) to the Fiscal Agent. 
Such notice may be given 
through the Clearing System 
in such manner as the Fiscal 
Agent and the Clearing Sys-
tem may approve for such 
purpose. 
 
 
 Begebung weiterer Schuldver-
schreibungen 
 Further Issues 
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, ohne Zustimmung der Anleihe-
gläubiger weitere Schuldverschrei-
bungen mit gleicher Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des 
Tages der Begebung, des Verzin-
sungsbeginns und/oder des Ausga-
bepreises) wie die vorliegenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu bege-
ben, so dass sie mit diesen eine ein-
heitliche Serie bilden. Der Begriff 
Schuldverschreibungen umfasst 
im Fall einer solchen weiteren Bege-
bung auch solche zusätzlich bege-
benen Schuldverschreibungen. [Im 
Falle von elektronischen Schuld-
verschreibungen einfügen: Die 
bei einer Aufstockung gemäß die-
sem § 13 zur Änderung des Inhalts 
des 
Zentralwertpapierregisters 
The Issuer reserves the right from 
time to time, without the consent of 
the Noteholders to issue additional 
notes with identical terms and con-
ditions as the Notes in all respects 
(or in all respects except for the date 
of issue, the interest commence-
ment date and/or the issue price) so 
as to be consolidated and form a 
single series with such Notes. The 
term Notes shall, in the event of 
such further issue, also comprise 
such further notes. [In the case of 
Electronic Notes insert: The corre-
sponding instruction pursuant to 
Section 14(1) 
sentence 1 
no. 1 
eWpG of the holder (Inhaber) to the 
Central Registrar to change the 
Central Securities Register regard-
ing the aggregate principal amount

--- Page 139 ---
139 
hinsichtlich 
des 
Gesamtnennbe-
trags der durch das Zentralregister-
wertpapier verbrieften Schuldver-
schreibungen gemäß § 14 Abs. 1 
Satz 1 Nr. 1 eWpG erforderliche 
entsprechende Weisung der Inha-
berin an die Zentralregisterführerin 
gilt im Fall dieses § 13 als erteilt.] 
of Notes represented by the Central 
Register Security following any fur-
ther issue under this § 13 shall be 
deemed to have been given in the 
case of this § 13.] 
 
 Anwendbares Recht, Erfüllungs-
ort und Gerichtsstand  
 Applicable Law, Place of Perfor-
mance and Jurisdiction 
 
 
 
Geltendes Recht. Form und Inhalt 
der Schuldverschreibungen sowie 
alle sich daraus ergebenden Rechte 
und Pflichten bestimmen sich aus-
schließlich nach dem Recht der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
 
Applicable law. The form and con-
tent of the Notes as well as all the 
rights and duties arising therefrom 
are governed exclusively by the 
laws of the Federal Republic of Ger-
many.  
 
 
 
Gerichtsstand. Vorbehaltlich eines 
zwingenden Gerichtsstandes für be-
sondere Rechtsstreitigkeiten im Zu-
sammenhang mit dem Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Ge-
samtemissionen (Schuldverschrei-
bungsgesetz – SchVG) in seiner je-
weiligen gültigen Fassung (SchVG), 
ist nicht-ausschließlicher Gerichts-
stand für alle sich aus den in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
geregelten 
Rechtsverhältnissen 
ergebenden 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten mit der Emitten-
tin (Rechtsstreitigkeiten) Frankfurt 
am Main. 
 
Jurisdiction. Subject to any exclu-
sive court of venue for specific legal 
proceedings in connection with the 
German Act on Issues of Debt Se-
curities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schul-
dverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen) 
(Schul-
dverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG), 
as amended from time to time 
(SchVG), non-exclusive court of 
venue for all litigation with the Issuer 
arising from the legal relations es-
tablished in these Terms and Condi-
tions (Proceedings) is Frankfurt am 
Main. 
 
 
Für Entscheidungen gemäß § 9 Ab-
satz 2, § 13 Absatz 3 und § 18 Ab-
satz 2 SchVG ist gemäß § 9 Absatz 
3 SchVG das Amtsgericht zustän-
dig, in dessen Bezirk die Emittentin 
ihren Sitz hat. Für Entscheidungen 
über die Anfechtung von Beschlüs-
sen der Anleihegläubiger ist gemäß 
§ 20 Absatz 3 SchVG das Landge-
richt ausschließlich zuständig, in 
dessen Bezirk die Emittentin ihren 
Sitz hat. 
The local court (Amtsgericht) in the 
district where the Issuer has its reg-
istered office will have jurisdiction 
for all judgments pursuant to § 9(2), 
§ 13(3) and § 18(2) SchVG in ac-
cordance with § 9(3) SchVG. The 
regional court (Landgericht) in the 
district where the Issuer has its reg-
istered office will have exclusive ju-
risdiction for all judgments over con-
tested resolutions by Noteholders in 
accordance with § 20(3) SchVG. 
 
 
 
Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Je-
der Anleihegläubiger ist berechtigt, 
in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen die 
Emittentin oder in jeder Rechtsstrei-
tigkeit, in dem der Anleihegläubiger 
und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine 
Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschrei-
bungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
 
Enforcement. Any Noteholder may 
in any Proceedings against the Is-
suer, or to which such Noteholder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect 
and enforce in its own name its 
rights arising under such Notes on 
the basis of

--- Page 140 ---
140 
folgenden Grundlage zu schützen 
oder geltend zu machen: 
 
 
indem er eine Bescheinigung 
der Depotbank beibringt, bei 
der er für die Schuldver-
schreibungen ein Wertpapier-
depot unterhält, welche 
 
a statement issued by the 
Custodian with which such 
Noteholder maintains a secu-
rities account in respect of the 
Notes 
 
 
 
den vollständigen Na-
men und die vollstän-
dige Adresse des An-
leihegläubigers angibt, 
 
stating the full name 
and address of the 
Noteholder, 
 
 
 
den 
Gesamtnennbe-
trag 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibungen bezeich-
net, die zum Datum der 
Bescheinigung 
auf 
dem Wertpapierdepot 
verbucht sind, und 
 
specifying the aggre-
gate principal amount 
of Notes credited to 
such 
securities 
ac-
count on the date of 
such statement, and 
 
 
 
bestätigt, dass die De-
potbank 
gegenüber 
dem 
maßgeblichen 
Clearingsystem 
eine 
schriftliche 
Erklärung 
bezüglich der Absicht 
des Anleihegläubigers, 
seine Ansprüche un-
mittelbar geltend zu 
machen, 
abgegeben 
hat, (I) die die vorste-
hend unter (A) und (B) 
bezeichneten Informa-
tionen enthält, (II) de-
ren 
Empfang 
vom 
Clearingsystem bestä-
tigt wurde, und (III) die 
vom Clearing System 
an die Depotbank zu-
rückgeschickt 
wurde, 
und 
 
confirming 
that 
the 
Custodian has given 
written notice to the rel-
evant Clearing System 
of the intention of the 
Noteholder to enforce 
claims directly which (I) 
contains 
the 
infor-
mation pursuant to (A) 
and (B), (II) has been 
acknowledged by the 
Clearing System, and 
(III) has been returned 
by the Clearing System 
to the Custodian, and 
 
 
 
[im Falle von körperlich ver-
brieften 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, einfügen: indem er 
eine Kopie der die Schuldver-
schreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde vorlegt, deren 
Übereinstimmung mit dem 
Original eine vertretungsbe-
rechtigte Person des Clea-
ringsystems oder des Ver-
wahrers des Clearingsystems 
bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage der Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
 
[in the case of Physical 
Notes, insert: a copy of the 
Global Note representing the 
Notes certified as being a true 
copy by a duly authorised of-
ficer of the Clearing System 
or a depository of the Clear-
ing System, without the need 
for production in such Pro-
ceedings of the actual rec-
ords or the Global Note repre-
senting the Notes] [in the 
case of Electronic Notes

--- Page 141 ---
141 
Schuldverschreibungen ver-
briefenden Globalurkunde in 
einem solchen Verfahren er-
forderlich wäre] [im Falle von 
elektronischen Schuldver-
schreibungen einfügen: er 
legt einen Auszug aus dem 
Zentralwertpapierregister 
vor]. 
insert: an excerpt of the Cen-
tral Securities Register]. 
 
In diesen Anleihebedingungen be-
zeichnet Depotbank jede Bank oder 
ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finan-
zinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu 
betreiben und bei der/dem der Anlei-
hegläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für 
die Schuldverschreibungen unter-
hält, einschließlich des Clearingsys-
tems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehen-
den kann jeder Anleihegläubiger 
seine Rechte aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen auch auf jede andere 
Weise schützen oder geltend ma-
chen, die in dem Land, in dem die 
Rechtsstreitigkeit geführt wird, pro-
zessual zulässig ist. 
In these Terms and Conditions, 
Custodian means any bank or 
other financial institution of recog-
nised standing authorised to engage 
in securities custody business with 
which the Noteholder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the 
Notes and includes the Clearing 
System. Each Noteholder may, 
without prejudice to the foregoing, 
protect and enforce its rights under 
these Notes also in any other way 
which is admitted in the country of 
the Proceedings. 
 
 
 Änderung der Anleihebedingun-
gen; Gemeinsamer Vertreter  
 Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions; Joint Representative  
 
 
 
Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. 
Die Emittentin kann die Anleihebe-
dingungen mit Zustimmung auf-
grund Mehrheitsbeschlusses der 
Anleihegläubiger nach Maßgabe 
der §§ 5 ff. SchVG ändern. Eine Än-
derung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
ohne Zustimmung der Emittentin 
scheidet aus. 
 
Amendment of the Terms and Con-
ditions. The Issuer may amend the 
Terms and Conditions with the con-
sent of a majority resolution of the 
Noteholders pursuant to §§ 5 et seq. 
of the SchVG. There will be no 
amendment of the Terms and Con-
ditions without the Issuer's consent. 
 
 
Die Anleihegläubiger können insbe-
sondere einer Änderung wesentli-
cher Inhalte der Anleihebedingun-
gen, einschließlich der in § 5 Ab-
satz 3 SchVG vorgesehenen Maß-
nahmen mit Ausnahme der Erset-
zung der Emittentin, die in § 10 ab-
schließend geregelt ist, mit den in 
dem nachstehenden § 14(b) ge-
nannten Mehrheiten zustimmen. Ein 
ordnungsgemäß gefasster Mehr-
heitsbeschluss ist für alle Anleihe-
gläubiger verbindlich. 
In particular, the Noteholders may 
consent to amendments which ma-
terially change the substance of the 
Terms and Conditions, including 
such measures as provided for un-
der § 5(3) of the SchVG, but exclud-
ing a substitution of the Issuer, 
which is exclusively subject to the 
provisions in § 10, by resolutions 
passed by such majority of the votes 
of the Noteholders as stated under 
§ 14(b) below. A duly passed major-
ity resolution will be binding upon all 
Noteholders.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehalt-
lich des nachstehenden Satzes und 
der Erreichung der erforderlichen 
Beschlussfähigkeit, beschließen die 
Anleihegläubiger mit der einfachen 
Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Be-
schlüsse, durch welche der wesent-
liche Inhalt der Anleihebedingun-
gen, insbesondere in den Fällen des 
§ 5 Absatz 3 Nummer 1 bis 9 
SchVG, geändert wird, bedürfen zu 
ihrer Wirksamkeit einer Mehrheit 
von mindestens 75 % der an der Ab-
stimmung teilnehmenden Stimm-
rechte 
(Qualifizierte 
Mehrheit). 
Das Stimmrecht ruht, solange die 
Schuldverschreibungen der Emit-
tentin oder einem mit ihr verbunde-
nen Unternehmen (§ 271 Absatz 2 
HGB) zustehen oder für Rechnung 
der Emittentin oder eines mit ihr ver-
bundenen Unternehmens gehalten 
werden. 
 
Majority requirements. Except as 
provided by the following sentence 
and provided that the quorum re-
quirements are being met, the Note-
holders may pass resolutions by 
simple majority of the voting rights 
participating in the vote. Resolutions 
which materially change the sub-
stance of the Terms and Conditions, 
in particular in the cases of § 5(3) 
numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, 
may only be passed by a majority of 
at least 75 per cent. of the voting 
rights participating in the vote (Qual-
ified Majority). The voting right is 
suspended as long as any Notes are 
attributable to the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates (within the meaning of 
§ 271(2) of the German Commercial 
Code (Handelsgesetzbuch)) or are 
being held for the account of the Is-
suer or any of its affiliates. 
 
 
 
Beschlüsse. Beschlüsse der Anlei-
hegläubiger werden entweder in ei-
ner Gläubigerversammlung nach 
§ 14(c)(i) oder im Wege der Abstim-
mung ohne Versammlung nach 
§ 14(c)(ii) getroffen, die von der 
Emittentin oder einem gemeinsa-
men Vertreter einberufen wird.  
 
Resolutions. Resolutions of the 
Noteholders will be made either in a 
Noteholders' meeting in accordance 
with § 14(c)(i) or by means of a vote 
without a meeting (Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung) in accordance 
with § 14(c)(ii), in either case con-
vened by the Issuer or a joint repre-
sentative, if any.  
 
 
 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläu-
biger im Rahmen einer Gläu-
bigerversammlung 
werden 
nach §§ 9 ff. SchVG getrof-
fen. Die Einberufung der 
Gläubigerversammlung regelt 
die weiteren Einzelheiten der 
Beschlussfassung und der 
Abstimmung. Mit der Einberu-
fung der Gläubigerversamm-
lung werden in der Tagesord-
nung die Beschlussgegen-
stände sowie die Vorschläge 
zur Beschlussfassung den 
Anleihegläubigern 
bekannt 
gegeben.  
 
Resolutions of the Notehold-
ers in a Noteholders' meeting 
will be made in accordance 
with §§ 9 et seq. of the 
SchVG. The convening notice 
of a Noteholders' meeting will 
provide the further details re-
lating to the resolutions and 
the voting procedure. The 
subject matter of the vote as 
well as the proposed resolu-
tions will be notified to Note-
holders in the agenda of the 
meeting.  
 
 
 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläu-
biger im Wege der Abstim-
mung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
werden nach § 18 SchVG ge-
troffen. Die Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe 
durch 
den 
 
Resolutions of the Notehold-
ers by means of a voting not 
requiring a physical meeting 
(Abstimmung ohne Versa-
mmlung) will be made in ac-
cordance § 18 of the SchVG.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Abstimmungsleiter regelt die 
weiteren Einzelheiten der Be-
schlussfassung und der Ab-
stimmung. Mit der Aufforde-
rung zur Stimmabgabe wer-
den 
die 
Beschlussgegen-
stände sowie die Vorschläge 
zur Beschlussfassung den 
Anleihegläubigern 
bekannt 
gegeben. 
The request for voting as sub-
mitted by the chairperson 
(Abstimmungsleiter) will pro-
vide the further details relat-
ing to the resolutions and the 
voting procedure. The subject 
matter of the vote as well as 
the proposed resolutions will 
be notified to Noteholders to-
gether with the request for 
voting. 
 
 
Zweite 
Gläubigerversammlung. 
Wird die Beschlussfähigkeit bei der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung 
nach § 14(c)(ii) nicht festgestellt, 
kann der Abstimmungsleiter eine 
Gläubigerversammlung einberufen, 
welche als zweite Gläubigerver-
sammlung im Sinne des § 15(3) 
Satz 3 SchVG gilt. 
 
Second noteholders' meeting. If it is 
ascertained that no quorum exists 
for the vote without meeting pursu-
ant to § 14(c)(ii), the chairperson 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a 
meeting, which shall be deemed to 
be a second meeting within the 
meaning of § 15(3) sentence 3 of 
the SchVG. 
 
 
 
Anmeldung. Die Stimmrechtsaus-
übung ist von einer vorherigen An-
meldung der Anleihegläubiger ab-
hängig. Die Anmeldung muss bis 
zum dritten Tag vor der Gläubiger-
versammlung im Falle einer Gläubi-
gerversammlung (wie in § 14(c)(i) 
oder § 14(d) beschrieben) bzw. vor 
dem Beginn des Abstimmungszeit-
raums im Falle einer Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
(wie 
in 
§ 14(c)(ii) beschrieben) unter der in 
der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
angegebenen Anschrift zugehen. 
Zusammen mit der Anmeldung müs-
sen Anleihegläubiger den Nachweis 
ihrer Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an 
der Abstimmung durch eine beson-
dere Bescheinigung ihrer jeweiligen 
Depotbank in Textform und die Vor-
lage eines Sperrvermerks der De-
potbank erbringen, aus dem hervor-
geht, dass die relevanten Schuld-
verschreibungen für den Zeitraum 
vom Tag der Absendung der Anmel-
dung (einschließlich) bis zu dem an-
gegebenen Ende der Versammlung 
(einschließlich) bzw. dem Ende des 
Abstimmungszeitraums (einschließ-
lich) nicht übertragen werden kön-
nen. 
 
Registration. The exercise of voting 
rights is subject to the registration of 
the Noteholders. The registration 
must be received at the address 
stated in the request for voting no 
later than the third day prior to the 
meeting in the case of a Notehold-
ers' meeting (as described in 
§ 14(c)(i) or § 14(d)) or the begin-
ning of the voting period in the case 
of voting not requiring a physical 
meeting (as described in § 14(c)(ii)), 
as the case may be. As part of the 
registration, 
Noteholders 
must 
demonstrate their eligibility to partic-
ipate in the vote by means of a spe-
cial confirmation of their respective 
Custodian hereof in text form and by 
submission of a blocking instruction 
by the Custodian stating that the rel-
evant Notes are not transferable 
from and including the day such reg-
istration has been sent until and in-
cluding the stated end of the meet-
ing or day the voting period ends, as 
the case may be. 
 
 
 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. Die Anlei-
hegläubiger können durch Mehr-
heitsbeschluss die Bestellung und 
Abberufung eines gemeinsamen 
 
Joint representative. The Notehold-
ers may by majority resolution pro-
vide for the appointment or dismis-
sal of a joint representative, the

--- Page 144 ---
144 
Vertreters, die Aufgaben und Befug-
nisse des gemeinsamen Vertreters, 
die Übertragung von Rechten der 
Anleihegläubiger auf den gemeinsa-
men Vertreter und eine Beschrän-
kung der Haftung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bestimmen. Die Bestel-
lung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters 
bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehrheit, 
wenn er ermächtigt wird, wesentli-
chen Änderungen der Anleihebedin-
gungen gemäß § 14(a) zuzustim-
men. 
duties and responsibilities and the 
powers of such joint representative, 
the transfer of the rights of the Note-
holders to the joint representative 
and a limitation of liability of the joint 
representative. Appointment of a 
joint representative may only be 
passed by a Qualified Majority if 
such joint representative is to be au-
thorised to consent to a material 
change in the substance of the 
Terms and Conditions in accord-
ance with § 14(a) hereof. 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die 
Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche 
ihm durch Gesetz oder von den An-
leihegläubigern durch Mehrheitsbe-
schluss eingeräumt wurden. Er hat 
die Weisungen der Anleihegläubiger 
zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltend-
machung von Rechten der Anleihe-
gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die 
einzelnen 
Anleihegläubiger 
zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung die-
ser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn 
der Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies 
ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätig-
keit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter 
den Anleihegläubigern zu berichten. 
Für die Abberufung und die sonsti-
gen Rechte und Pflichten des ge-
meinsamen Vertreters gelten die 
Vorschriften des SchVG. 
The joint representative shall have 
the duties and powers provided by 
law or granted by majority resolu-
tions of the Noteholders. The joint 
representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Noteholders. To 
the extent that the joint representa-
tive has been authorised to assert 
certain rights of the Noteholders, the 
Noteholders shall not be entitled to 
assert such rights themselves, un-
less explicitly provided for in the rel-
evant majority resolution. The joint 
representative shall provide reports 
to the Noteholders on its activities. 
The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the 
other rights and obligations of the 
joint representative. 
 
 
Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Ver-
treters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner 
jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es 
sei denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertre-
ter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrläs-
sigkeit zur Last. 
Unless the joint representative is li-
able for wilful misconduct (Vorsatz) 
or gross negligence (grobe Fahr-
lässigkeit), the joint representative's 
liability shall be limited to ten times 
the amount of its annual remunera-
tion. 
 
 
 
Bekanntmachungen. 
Bekanntma-
chungen betreffend diesen § 14 er-
folgen gemäß den §§ 5ff. SchVG 
sowie nach § 12. 
 
Notices. Any notices concerning this 
§ 14 will be made in accordance 
with §§ 5 et seq. of the SchVG and 
§ 12. 
 
 
 
Garantie. Die oben aufgeführten auf 
die Änderung der Emissionsbedin-
gungen anwendbaren Bestimmun-
gen finden sinngemäß auf die Best-
immungen der Garantie gemäß 
§ 10(a)(iv) Anwendung. 
 
Guarantee. The provisions set out 
above applicable to the amendment 
of the Terms and Conditions shall 
apply mutatis mutandis to the guar-
antee under § 10(a)(iv).

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 Sprache 
 Language 
 
Falls 
die 
Anleihebe-
dingungen 
in 
deut-
scher 
Sprache 
mit 
einer 
Überset-
zung in die 
englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine 
Übersetzung in die englische Spra-
che ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text 
ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Spra-
che ist unverbindlich. 
These Terms and Conditions are 
written in the German language and 
provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall 
be controlling and binding. The Eng-
lish language translation is provided 
for convenience only. 
If 
the 
Terms and 
Condi-
tions shall 
be in the 
German 
language 
with 
an 
English 
language 
transla-
tion, 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
These Terms and Conditions are written in 
the English language only. 
If 
the 
Terms and 
Condi-
tions shall 
be in the 
English 
language 
only, 
the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
OPTION II 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN FÜR 
VARIABEL VERZINSLICHE 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT 
APPLY TO FLOATING RATE NOTES 
 
 
 
Währung, Festgelegte Stücke-
lung, Form 
 
Currency, Specified Denomina-
tion, Form 
 
 
 
Währung; Festgelegte Stückelung. 
Die TAG Immobilien AG, Hamburg 
(Emittentin) 
begibt 
Schuldver-
schreibungen (Schuldverschrei-
bungen) in [Festgelegte Währung] 
(Festgelegte Währung) im Ge-
samtnennbetrag [falls die Global-
urkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgen-
des 
anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 1(d)] von [Festgelegte Währung] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag], eingeteilt in 
Schuldverschreibungen in der fest-
gelegten Stückelung von je [Fest-
gelegte Währung] [Festgelegte 
Stückelung] (Festgelegte Stücke-
lung) [im Falle von elektroni-
schen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: , wobei jede Schuldver-
schreibung in der Festgelegten 
Stückelung dem jeweiligen Anlei-
hegläubiger als Berechtigten in-
haltsgleiche Rechte vermittelt].  
 
Currency; Specified Denomination. 
The Notes are issued by TAG Im-
mobilien AG, Hamburg (Issuer) in 
[Specified Currency] (Specified 
Currency), in the aggregate princi-
pal amount [in the case the Global 
Note is a NGN, the following ap-
plies: (subject to §1(d)] of [Speci-
fied Currency] [Aggregate Principal 
Amount], divided into notes in the 
specified denomination of [Speci-
fied Currency] [Specified Denomi-
nation] (Specified Denomination) 
each [in the case of Electronic 
Notes insert: , with each Note in 
the Specified Denomination confer-
ring identical (inhaltsgleich) rights 
to the relevant Noteholder as bene-
ficiary] (Notes).  
 
Im 
Fall 
von kör-
perlich 
verbrief-
ten 
Schuld-
ver-
schrei-
bungen 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
 
Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
lauten auf den Inhaber. 
 
Form. The Notes are issued in 
bearer form. 
In 
the 
case of 
Physi-
cal 
Notes, 
the fol-
lowing 
ap-
plies: 
 
 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Aus-
tausch. Die Schuldverschreibun-
gen sind zunächst in einer vorläufi-
gen Globalurkunde (Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) 
ohne 
Zins-
scheine verbrieft. 
 
Temporary Global Note – Ex-
change. The Notes are initially rep-
resented by a temporary global 
Note (Temporary Global Note) 
without interest coupons. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird 
insgesamt oder teilweise und un-
entgeltlich an oder nach dem Tag, 
der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Be-
gebung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen, frühestens jedoch 40 Tage 
nach dem Tag des Beginns des 
The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part 
and free of charge, on or after the 
day that is 40 days after the later of 
the commencement of the offering 
and the date of issue of the Notes 
for a permanent global Note (the

--- Page 147 ---
147 
Angebots liegt, gegen Nachweis 
über das Nichtbestehen wirtschaft-
lichen U.S.-Eigentums im Sinne 
des U.S.-Rechts (non-U.S. benefi-
cial ownership) in der in der Vorläu-
figen Globalurkunde vorgesehe-
nen Form, gegen eine dauerhafte 
Globalurkunde (die Dauer-Global-
urkunde) (die Vorläufige Globalur-
kunde und die Dauer-Globalur-
kunde jeweils auch eine Globalur-
kunde) ohne Zinsscheine ausge-
tauscht. Ein Recht der Anleihe-
gläubiger (wie nachstehend defi-
niert) auf Ausgabe und Lieferung 
von Einzelurkunden oder Zins-
scheinen besteht nicht. 
Permanent Global Note) (the 
Temporary Global Note and the 
Permanent Global Note, each a 
Global Note) without interest cou-
pons upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Temporary 
Global Note. The right of the Note-
holders (as defined below) to re-
quire the issue and delivery of de-
finitive notes or interest coupons is 
excluded. 
 
 
Clearingsystem. 
Die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde und die Dauer-Glo-
balurkunde werden solange von ei-
nem Clearingsystem oder im Auf-
trag eines Clearingsystems ver-
wahrt, bis sämtliche Verpflichtun-
gen der Emittentin aus den Schuld-
verschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
 
Clearing System. Each of the Tem-
porary Global Note and the Perma-
nent Global Note will be held in cus-
tody by or on behalf of a Clearing 
System until all obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes have been 
satisfied. 
 
 
Clearingsystem bezeichnet [bei 
mehr als einem Clearing System 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: je-
weils] Folgendes: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 
61, 65760 Eschborn, Bundesre-
publik Deutschland (CBF)] [,] [und] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 
Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxem-
burg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg, 
(CBL)] [und] [Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brüssel, Belgien, (Euro-
clear)] [(Clearstream, Luxemburg 
und Euroclear jeweils ein ICSD 
und zusammen ICSDs)] sowie je-
der Funktionsnachfolger. 
Clearing System means [if more 
than one Clearing System the 
following applies: each of] the 
following: [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Federal Republic of Ger-
many (CBF)] [,] [and] [Clearstream 
Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Ken-
nedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg, (CBL)] 
[and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brussels, Belgium, (Euroclear)] 
[(Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear each an ICSD and to-
gether ICSDs)] and any successor 
in such capacity. 
 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die in Form einer Clas-
sical Global Note ausgegeben 
werden bzw. bei Verwahrung 
durch CBF gilt Folgendes: 
[In the case of Notes intended to 
be issued in the Classical Global 
Note form or deposited with 
CBF, the following applies: 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und 
die Dauer-Globalurkunde tragen 
jeweils die eigenhändigen Unter-
schriften von zwei Vertretungsbe-
rechtigten der Emittentin sowie die 
The Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note shall 
each bear the manual signatures of 
two duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer as well as the manual

--- Page 148 ---
148 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten der Emissi-
onsstelle.] 
signature of an authentication of-
ficer of the Fiscal Agent.] 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die in Form einer New 
Global Note ausgegeben wer-
den, gilt Folgendes: 
[In the case of Notes intended to 
be issued in the New Global Note 
form, the following applies: 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wer-
den in Form einer New Global Note 
(NGN) ausgegeben und von einem 
gemeinsamen Wertpapierverwah-
rer (common safekeeper) im Na-
men beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in new global 
note (NGN) form and are kept in 
custody by a common safekeeper 
on behalf of both ICSDs. 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht 
dem jeweils in den Registern bei-
der ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamt-
betrag. Die Register der ICSDs 
(unter denen man die Register ver-
steht, die jeder ICSD für seine Kun-
den über den Betrag ihres Anteils 
an den Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis 
über den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrief-
ten Schuldverschreibungen, und 
eine zu diesen Zwecken von einem 
ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestäti-
gung mit dem Nennbetrag der so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibun-
gen ist ein schlüssiger Nachweis 
über den Inhalt des Registers des 
jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeit-
punkt. 
The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global 
Note 
shall 
be 
the 
aggregate 
amount from time to time entered in 
the records of both ICSDs. The rec-
ords of the ICSDs (which expres-
sion means the records that each 
ICSD holds for its customers which 
reflect the amount of such custom-
ers' interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the aggre-
gate principal amount of Notes rep-
resented by the Global Note and, 
for these purposes, a statement is-
sued by an ICSD stating the princi-
pal amount of Notes so repre-
sented at any time shall be conclu-
sive evidence of the records of the 
relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zins-
zahlung bezüglich der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuld-
verschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalur-
kunde verbrieften Schuldverschrei-
bungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, 
dass die Einzelheiten über Rück-
zahlung, Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Entwertung bezüglich der Global-
urkunde pro rata in die Register der 
ICSDs eingetragen werden und 
dass nach dieser Eintragung vom 
Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Re-
gister der ICSDs aufgenommenen 
und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
On any redemption or interest pay-
ment being made in respect of, or 
purchase and cancellation of, any 
of the Notes represented by the 
Global Note the Issuer shall pro-
cure that details of such redemp-
tion, payment or purchase and can-
cellation (as the case may be) in re-
spect of the Global Note shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of 
the ICSDs and, upon any such en-
try being made, the aggregate prin-
cipal amount of the Notes recorded 
in the records of the ICSDs and rep-
resented by the Global Note shall 
be reduced by the aggregate

--- Page 149 ---
149 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibun-
gen der Gesamtnennbetrag der zu-
rückgezahlten bzw. gekauften und 
entwerteten Schuldverschreibun-
gen abgezogen wird. 
principal amount of the Notes so re-
deemed or purchased and can-
celled. 
 
Bei Austausch eines Anteils von 
durch eine Vorläufige Globalur-
kunde verbrieften Schuldverschrei-
bungen wird die Emittentin sicher-
stellen, dass die Einzelheiten die-
ses Austauschs pro rata in die Auf-
zeichnungen der ICSDs aufge-
nommen werden. 
On an exchange of a portion only of 
the Notes represented by a Tempo-
rary Global Note, the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such ex-
change shall be entered pro rata in 
the records of the ICSDs. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und 
die Dauer-Globalurkunde tragen 
jeweils die eigenhändigen Unter-
schriften von zwei Vertretungsbe-
rechtigten der Emittentin sowie die 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten der Emissi-
onsstelle und die eigenhändige 
Unterschrift eines bevollmächtig-
ten Vertreters des gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers.]  
The Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note shall 
each bear the manual signatures of 
two duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer as well as the manual signa-
ture of an authentication officer of 
the Fiscal Agent and the manual 
signature of an authorised officer of 
the common safekeeper.] 
 
 
 
Anleihegläubiger. Den Inhabern 
von Schuldverschreibungen (An-
leihegläubiger) stehen Miteigen-
tumsanteile oder vergleichbare an-
dere Rechte an der Globalurkunde 
zu, 
die 
gemäß 
anwendbarem 
Recht und den Bestimmungen und 
Regeln des Clearingsystems über-
tragen werden können. 
 
Noteholders. The holders of Notes 
(Noteholders) are entitled to co-
ownership participations or other 
comparable rights in the Global 
Note, which are transferable in ac-
cordance with applicable laws and 
the rules and regulations of the 
Clearing System. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
von elekt-
roni-
schen 
Schuld-
ver-
schrei-
bungen 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes:8 
 
Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind durch ein Zentralregisterwert-
papier verbrieft und in ein von der 
Zentralregisterführerin 
geführtes 
zentrales 
Wertpapierregister 
(Zentralwertpapierregister) unter 
der ISIN [ISIN einfügen] eingetra-
gen. Die Zentralregisterführerin ist 
gemäß § 8 Abs. 1 Nr. 1 des Geset-
zes über elektronische Wertpa-
piere (eWpG) in das Zentralwert-
papierregister als Inhaberin der 
 
Form. The Notes are represented 
by a Central Register Security en-
tered into a central securities regis-
ter (Central Securities Register) 
operated by the Central Registrar 
under ISIN [insert ISIN]. The Cen-
tral Registrar is entered into the 
Central Securities Register as the 
holder (Inhaber) of the Central Reg-
ister Securities in collective entry 
(Sammeleintragung) pursuant to 
Section 8(1) no. 1 of the German 
In 
the 
case of 
Elec-
tronic 
Notes, 
the 
fol-
lowing 
ap-
plies:9 
 
8  Verfügbarkeit der Option für spezifische Serie vor Emission mit Emissionsstelle und D7 Digitiser abzustim-
men. 
9  Availability of option for specific Series to be agreed with Fiscal Agent and D7 Digitiser prior to issuance.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Zentralregisterwertpapiere in Höhe 
des Gesamtnennbetrags der bege-
benen Schuldverschreibungen in 
Sammeleintragung 
eingetragen. 
Zentralregisterwertpapiere in Sam-
meleintragung gelten kraft Geset-
zes 
als 
Wertpapiersammelbe-
stand. 
Electronic Securities Act (Gesetz 
über elektronische Wertpapiere – 
eWpG) for the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes issued. Central 
Register Securities in collective en-
try 
(Sammeleintragung) 
are 
deemed by statutory law to form a 
collective 
securities 
inventory 
(Wertpapiersammelbestand). 
 
Eine physische Sammelurkunde 
oder 
Einzelurkunden 
(effektive 
Stücke) und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. Ein Anspruch 
der Anleihegläubiger auf eine Ein-
zeleintragung auf den Namen der 
Anleihegläubiger oder auf Erset-
zung des Zentralregisterwertpa-
piers durch eine Sammelurkunde 
oder durch Einzelurkunden und 
Zinsscheine ist ausdrücklich aus-
geschlossen. 
A physical global note certificate 
(Sammelurkunde) or definitive note 
certificates and interest coupons 
will not be issued. Any claim of the 
Noteholders to request to change 
the entry of the Central Register 
Securities from collective entry 
(Sammeleintragung) to individual 
entry (Einzeleintragung) or to re-
quest to exchange the Central Reg-
ister Security for a global note cer-
tificate (Sammelurkunde) or for de-
finitive note certificates and interest 
coupons is explicitly excluded. 
 
 
Für den Fall, dass (i) die Zentralre-
gisterführerin die Absicht ankün-
digt, den Geschäftsbetrieb des 
Zentralwertpapierregisters endgül-
tig 
einzustellen oder (ii) das 
Zentralwertpapierregister für einen 
ununterbrochenen Zeitraum von 
mehr als 30 Tagen für den Ge-
schäftsbetrieb geschlossen ist (au-
ßer aus Gründen, die auch das 
Clearing von Schuldverschreibun-
gen, die durch physische Sam-
melurkunden verbrieft sind, betref-
fen), behält sich die Emittentin vor, 
das Zentralregisterwertpapier ge-
mäß § 6 Abs. 2 Nr. 2 eWpG ohne 
Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger 
durch inhaltsgleiche, durch eine 
physische Sammelurkunde ver-
briefte Schuldverschreibungen zu 
ersetzen. Die Emittentin wird diese 
Ersetzung gemäß § 12 bekannt 
machen. Der Anspruch der Anlei-
hegläubiger auf die physische Her-
ausgabe der Sammelurkunde ist 
ausgeschlossen; auch in diesem 
Fall ist ein Anspruch der Anleihe-
gläubiger auf Ersetzung der Sam-
melurkunde durch Einzelurkunden 
In the event that (i) the Central Reg-
istrar announces an intention to 
permanently cease business of the 
Central 
Securities 
Register 
or 
(ii) the Central Securities Register 
is closed for business for a continu-
ous period of more than 30 days 
(other than by reasons that would 
also affect the clearing of notes rep-
resented by physical global note 
certificates), the Issuer reserves 
the right to exchange the Notes 
represented by Central Register 
Securities in accordance with Sec-
tion 6(2) no. 2 eWpG without the 
consent of the Noteholders for 
identical (inhaltsgleich) Notes rep-
resented by a physical global note 
certificate. The Issuer will give no-
tice in accordance with § 12 of any 
such exchange. The Noteholders 
will have no right to request physi-
cal delivery of the global note; also 
in this case any claim of the Note-
holders to request to exchange the 
global note certificate (Samme-
lurkunde) for definitive note certifi-
cates and interest coupons is ex-
plicitly excluded.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
und Zinsscheine ausdrücklich aus-
geschlossen. 
 
 
Clearingsystem. Clearingsystem 
bedeutet Clearstream Banking AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 
61, 
65760 
Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland (CBF). 
 
Clearing System. Clearing System 
means Clearstream Banking AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Esch-
born, Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
(CBF). 
 
 
 
Anleihegläubiger. Anleihegläubi-
ger bezeichnet den jeweiligen Be-
rechtigten im Sinne des § 3 Abs. 2 
eWpG in Bezug auf eine Schuld-
verschreibung. Den Anleihegläubi-
gern stehen Miteigentumsanteile 
oder vergleichbare Teilrechte an 
dem 
Wertpapiersammelbestand 
zu, die nach Maßgabe des an-
wendbaren Rechts und der Regeln 
und Bestimmungen des Clearing-
systems übertragen werden kön-
nen 
 
Noteholders. Noteholder means 
the relevant beneficiary (Berechtig-
ter) within the meaning of Sec-
tion 3(2) eWpG in relation to a 
Note. The Noteholders hold propor-
tional co-ownership interests or 
similar rights in the collective secu-
rities 
inventory 
(Wertpa-
piersammelbestand), 
which 
are 
transferable in accordance with ap-
plicable law and the rules and reg-
ulations of the Clearing System. 
 
 
 
[Zentralregisterführerin bezeich-
net CBF oder einen anderen von der 
Emittentin als Registerführer im 
Sinne des § 12 Abs. 2 Nr. 1 eWpG 
benannten Zentralverwahrer. 
 
[Central Registrar means CBF or 
any other central securities deposi-
tory specified by the Issuer as regis-
trar within the meaning of Sec-
tion 12(2) no. 1 eWpG. 
 
 
Zentralregisterwertpapier 
be-
zeichnet ein elektronisches Wertpa-
pier gemäß § 4(2) eWpG.] 
Central Register Security means 
an electronic security pursuant to 
§ 4(2) eWpG.] 
 
 
 
Status und Negativerklärung 
 
Status and Negative Pledge 
 
 
 
Status. Die Schuldverschreibun-
gen begründen nicht besicherte 
und nicht nachrangige Verbindlich-
keiten der Emittentin, die unterei-
nander und mit allen anderen nicht 
besicherten und nicht nachrangi-
gen Verbindlichkeiten der Emitten-
tin gleichrangig sind, soweit zwin-
gende gesetzliche Bestimmungen 
nichts anderes vorschreiben. 
 
Status. The obligations under the 
Notes constitute unsecured and un-
subordinated obligations of the Is-
suer ranking pari passu among 
themselves and pari passu with all 
other unsecured and unsubordi-
nated obligations of the Issuer, 
save for any obligations required to 
be preferred by law. 
 
 
 
Negativerklärung. Die Emittentin 
verpflichtet sich, solange Schuld-
verschreibungen ausstehen, je-
doch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an 
dem alle Beträge an Kapital und 
Zinsen der Emissionsstelle zur 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind, 
(i) für Kapitalmarktverbindlichkei-
ten (wie nachstehend definiert) 
nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
kein 
 
Negative pledge. The Issuer under-
takes, as long as any Notes are out-
standing but only up to the time all 
amounts of principal and interest 
have been provided to the Fiscal 
Agent, (i) not to provide or permit to 
subsist after the issue date of the 
Notes any security interest in rem 
(for purposes of this § 2(b), Secu-
rity Interest) upon its current or fu-
ture assets for any Capital Market

--- Page 152 ---
152 
dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht 
(für 
Zwecke dieses § 2(b), Siche-
rungsrecht) am eigenen gegen-
wärtigen oder zukünftigen Vermö-
gen zu bestellen oder bestehen zu 
lassen 
und 
(ii) sicherzustellen, 
dass ihre Tochtergesellschaften 
(wie nachstehend definiert) für Ka-
pitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) nach dem 
Tag der Begebung der Schuldver-
schreibungen 
kein 
Sicherungs-
recht am jeweils eigenen gegen-
wärtigen oder zukünftigen Vermö-
gen bestellen oder bestehen las-
sen, ohne jeweils (in den Fällen 
von (i) oder (ii)) die Anleihegläubi-
ger zur gleichen Zeit und im glei-
chen Rang an einem solchen Si-
cherungsrecht teilhaben zu lassen. 
Indebtedness (as defined below) 
and (ii) to procure that none of its 
Subsidiaries (as defined below) will 
provide or permit to subsist after the 
issue date of the Notes any Secu-
rity Interest upon its respective cur-
rent or future assets for any Capital 
Market Indebtedness (as defined 
below), in each case of (i) and (ii) 
without at the same time letting the 
Noteholders share pari passu in 
such Security Interest. 
 
Die Verpflichtung nach Satz 1 die-
ses § 2(b) findet keine Anwendung 
auf ein Sicherungsrecht, das: 
The undertaking pursuant to sen-
tence 1 of this § 2(b) will not apply 
to a Security Interest which: 
 
 
 
nach dem anzuwendenden 
Recht zwingend notwendig 
ist; oder 
 
is mandatory according to 
applicable laws; or 
 
 
 
als 
Voraussetzung 
einer 
staatlichen 
Genehmigung 
erforderlich ist; oder 
 
is required as a prerequisite 
for governmental approvals; 
or 
 
 
 
zur Besicherung einer in Be-
zug auf oder im Zusammen-
hang mit einer Verbriefung 
oder vergleichbaren Finan-
zierungsvereinbarung in Be-
zug auf Vermögenswerte 
der Emittentin oder einer 
Tochtergesellschaft einge-
gangenen Kapitalmarktver-
bindlichkeit gestellt wird, bei 
der die Rückgriffsrechte der 
Gläubiger der betreffenden 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
ausschließlich auf die be-
treffenden Vermögenswerte 
oder die daraus erzielten Er-
träge beschränkt sind, oder 
 
is provided to secure any 
Capital Markets Indebted-
ness incurred in respect of or 
in connection with any secu-
ritisation or similar financing 
arrangement relating to as-
sets owned by the Issuer or 
any Subsidiary and where 
the recourse of the holders of 
such Capital Markets Indebt-
edness is limited solely to 
such assets or any income 
generated therefrom; or 
 
 
 
am Vermögen einer, von der 
Emittentin oder einer Toch-
tergesellschaft 
erst 
nach 
dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen er-
worbenen Person bestellt 
wurde, die mit dem Erwerb 
 
was granted over assets of a 
Person acquired by the Is-
suer or a Subsidiary only af-
ter the issue date of the 
Notes which becomes a 
Subsidiary upon such acqui-
sition, provided that the

--- Page 153 ---
153 
zu einer Tochtergesellschaft 
wird, sofern das betreffende 
Sicherungsrecht bereits im 
Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs durch 
die Emittentin oder die Toch-
tergesellschaft bestand, es 
sei denn, die betreffende 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
war im Hinblick auf den be-
vorstehenden Erwerb dieser 
Person durch die Emittentin 
oder die Tochtergesellschaft 
begründet worden; oder 
Security Interest had been in 
existence at the time of the 
acquisition by the Issuer or 
the Subsidiary, unless such 
Security 
Interest 
was 
granted in respect of the im-
pending acquisition of that 
Person by the Issuer or the 
Subsidiary; or 
 
 
das von einer Tochtergesell-
schaft an ihren gegenwärti-
gen oder zukünftigen Forde-
rungen gegen die Emittentin 
bestellt wird, die aus der 
Weiterleitung als Darlehen 
des Erlöses aus der Bege-
bung von Wertpapieren, die 
in Aktien der Emittentin ge-
wandelt oder umgetauscht 
werden können, durch die 
Tochtergesellschaft entste-
hen, sofern dieses Siche-
rungsrecht 
ausschließlich 
der 
Durchführung 
der 
Wandlung oder des Um-
tauschs der jeweiligen Wert-
papiere dient; oder 
 
is provided by any Subsidi-
ary over any of its present or 
future claims against the Is-
suer arising from the on-
lending of the proceeds from 
the issuance by the Subsidi-
ary of any securities that are 
convertible or exchangeable 
into shares of the Issuer, pro-
vided that any such Security 
Interest serves solely to pro-
cure the conversion or ex-
change of such securities; or 
 
 
 
der Erneuerung, Verlänge-
rung oder den Austausch ir-
gendeines 
Sicherungs-
rechts gemäß vorstehend (i) 
bis (v) dient; oder 
 
is provided in connection 
with the renewal, extension 
or replacement of any secu-
rity pursuant to foregoing (i) 
through (v); or 
 
 
 
eine 
Kapitalmarktverbind-
lichkeit besichert, deren Be-
trag EUR 100.000.000 (ag-
gregiert mit dem Betrag von 
anderen 
Kapitalmarktver-
bindlichkeiten, die ein Siche-
rungsrecht besitzen, wel-
ches nach den vorstehen-
den Unterabsätzen nicht er-
laubt ist) oder den Gegen-
wert in anderen Währungen 
zu jeder Zeit nicht über-
steigt.  
 
secures a Capital Market In-
debtedness the amount of 
which 
(when 
aggregated 
with the amount of any other 
Capital Market Indebtedness 
which has the benefit of a 
Security Interest not allowed 
under the preceding sub-par-
agraphs) does not exceed 
EUR 100,000,000 
or 
its 
equivalent in other curren-
cies at any time. 
 
 
Ein nach diesem § 2(b) zu leisten-
des Sicherungsrecht kann auch zu 
Gunsten eines Treuhänders der 
Anleihegläubiger bestellt werden. 
Any Security Interest which is to be 
provided in accordance with this 
§ 2(b) may also be provided to a

--- Page 154 ---
154 
person acting as trustee for the 
Noteholders. 
 
Im Sinne dieser Emissionsbedin-
gungen bezeichnet: 
For purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions: 
 
 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
bezeichnet jede Verpflichtung zur 
Rückzahlung 
aufgenommener 
Gelder (einschließlich Verpflich-
tungen aus Garantien oder sonsti-
gen Haftungsübernahmen für eine 
solche Verbindlichkeit eines Drit-
ten) in der Form von Anleihen, 
Schuldverschreibungen oder sons-
tigen Wertpapieren, die an einer 
Börse, 
einem 
außerbörslichen 
Markt oder an einem anderen an-
erkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert, 
zugelassen oder gehandelt wer-
den können (zur Klarstellung: 
Schuldscheindarlehen sind keine 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit). 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness 
shall mean any obligation for the re-
payment of borrowed money (in-
cluding obligations by reason of 
any guarantee or other assumption 
of liability for any such obligation of 
a third party) in the form of (i) 
bonds, notes, debentures or any 
similar securities which are capable 
of being quoted, listed or traded on 
any stock exchange, over-the-
counter market or other recognised 
securities market (for the avoid-
ance of doubt: promissory notes 
(Schuldschein loans) shall be no 
Capital Market Indebtedness).  
 
 
Person bezeichnet natürliche Per-
sonen, Körperschaften, Personen-
gesellschaften, 
Joint 
Ventures, 
Vereinigungen, Aktiengesellschaf-
ten, Trusts, nicht rechtsfähige Ver-
einigungen, Gesellschaften mit be-
schränkter Haftung, staatliche Stel-
len (oder Behörden oder Gebiets-
körperschaften) 
oder 
sonstige 
Rechtsträger. 
Person means any individual, cor-
poration, partnership, joint venture, 
association, joint stock company, 
trust, unincorporated organisation, 
limited liability company or govern-
ment (or any agency or political 
subdivision thereof) or any other 
entity. 
 
 
Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet 
jede Person, die bei der Erstellung 
der Konzernabschlüsse nach den 
in der EU anwendbaren Internatio-
nal Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) der Emittentin mit ihr konso-
lidiert werden muss. 
Subsidiary means any Person that 
must be consolidated with the Is-
suer for the purposes of preparing 
consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer in accordance with 
IFRS as adopted by the EU. 
 
 
 
Zinsen 
 
Interest 
 
 
 
Zinszahlungstage. 
 
Interest Payment Dates. 
 
 
 
Jede Schuldverschreibung 
wird bezogen auf ihre Fest-
gelegte Stückelung ab dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfü-
gen] (Verzinsungsbeginn) 
(einschließlich) bis zum ers-
ten Zinszahlungstag (aus-
schließlich) und danach von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
 
Each Note bears interest on 
its Specified Denomination 
at the rate per annum equal 
to the Rate of Interest (as de-
fined below) from and includ-
ing [insert Interest Com-
mencement Date] (Interest 
Commencement Date) to 
but 
excluding 
the 
first

--- Page 155 ---
155 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszah-
lungstag (ausschließlich) mit 
einem jährlichen Satz, der 
dem Zinssatz (wie nachste-
hend definiert) entspricht, 
verzinst. Die Zinsen sind 
nachträglich an jedem Zins-
zahlungstag zahlbar. Der 
zahlbare Zinsbetrag wird ge-
mäß § 3(d) berechnet. 
Interest Payment Date and 
thereafter from and including 
each Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next fol-
lowing 
Interest 
Payment 
Date. Interest on the Notes 
will be payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of interest paya-
ble shall be determined in 
accordance with § 3(d). 
 
 
Zinszahlungstag bezeich-
net, vorbehaltlich der Ge-
schäftstagekonvention, 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
means, subject to the Busi-
ness Day Convention, 
 
Im 
Fall 
von Fest-
gelegten 
Zinszah-
lungsta-
gen 
gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
[festgelegte 
Zinszahlungs-
tage einfügen] eines jeden 
Jahres. 
[insert 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates] in each 
year. 
In 
the 
case of 
Speci-
fied 
In-
terest 
Pay-
ment 
Dates 
insert: 
Im 
Fall 
von Fest-
gelegten 
Zinsperi-
oden gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
(soweit diese Anleihebedin-
gungen keine abweichen-
den Bestimmungen vorse-
hen) jeweils den Tag, der 
[Zahl einfügen] [Wochen] 
[Monate] nach dem voraus-
gehenden Zinszahlungstag, 
oder im Fall des ersten Zins-
zahlungstages, nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn liegt. 
each date which (except as 
otherwise provided in these 
Terms and Conditions) falls 
[insert 
number] 
[weeks] 
[months] after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the In-
terest Commencement Date. 
In 
the 
case of 
Speci-
fied 
In-
terest 
Periods 
insert: 
 
 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
hat die folgende Bedeutung: 
Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag 
auf einen Tag, der kein Ge-
schäftstag 
(wie 
nachste-
hend definiert) ist, so wird 
der Zinszahlungstag 
 
Business Day Convention 
has the following meaning: If 
any Interest Payment Date 
would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day 
(as defined below), the Inter-
est Payment Date shall be 
 
Im 
Fall 
der Modi-
fied 
Fol-
lowing 
Business 
Day Con-
vention 
(ad-
justed) 
auf den nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag 
verschoben, 
es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Ka-
lendermonat fallen; in die-
sem Fall wird der Zinszah-
lungstag auf den unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Geschäfts-
tag vorgezogen. 
postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day un-
less it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in 
which event the Interest Pay-
ment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
In 
the 
case of 
Modified 
Follow-
ing 
Busi-
ness 
Day 
Conven-
tion (ad-
justed),

--- Page 156 ---
156 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im 
Fall 
der FRN-
Konven-
tion (ad-
justed) 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
auf den nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag 
verschoben, 
es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Ka-
lendermonat fallen; in die-
sem Fall (i) wird der Zins-
zahlungstag auf den unmit-
telbar vorausgehenden Ge-
schäftstag vorgezogen und 
(ii) ist jeder nachfolgende 
Zinszahlungstag der jeweils 
letzte Geschäftstag des Mo-
nats, in den dieser gefallen 
wäre, hätte es die Verschie-
bung nicht gegeben. 
postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day un-
less it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) the Interest 
Payment 
Date 
shall 
be 
brought forward to the imme-
diately preceding Business 
Day and (ii) each subse-
quent Interest Payment Date 
shall be the last Business 
Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen 
had it not been subject to ad-
justment. 
In 
the 
case of 
FRN 
Conven-
tion (ad-
justed), 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im 
Fall 
der 
Fol-
lowing 
Business 
Day Con-
vention 
(ad-
justed) 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
auf den nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben. 
postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day. 
In 
the 
case of 
Follow-
ing 
Busi-
ness 
Day 
Conven-
tion (ad-
justed), 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im 
Fall 
der 
Pre-
ceding 
Business 
Day Con-
vention 
(ad-
justed) 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
auf den unmittelbar voraus-
gehenden Geschäftstag vor-
gezogen. 
the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
In 
the 
case of 
Preced-
ing 
Busi-
ness 
Day 
Conven-
tion (ad-
justed), 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies:

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
Geschäftstag bezeichnet 
 
Business Day means a day 
which is 
 
Falls die 
Festge-
legte 
Währung 
Euro ist, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
einen Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem (i) das Clearingsystem 
und (ii) das von dem Euro-
system 
betriebene 
Real-
time Gross Settlement-Sys-
tem (T2) oder dessen Nach-
folgesystem geöffnet sind, 
um Zahlungen abzuwickeln. 
a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which both 
(i) the Clearing System, and 
(ii) the real-time gross settle-
ment system operated by the 
Eurosystem (T2) or any suc-
cessor system are open to 
effect payments. 
If 
the 
Speci-
fied Cur-
rency is 
Euro, 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Festge-
legte 
Währung 
nicht 
Euro ist, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
einen Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem (i) das Clearingsystem 
geöffnet hat und (ii) Ge-
schäftsbanken und Devisen-
märkte in [sämtliche rele-
vanten Finanzzentren einfü-
gen] und das Clearingsys-
tem für Geschäfte geöffnet 
sind bzw. Zahlungen abwi-
ckeln. 
a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which both 
(i) the Clearing System and 
(ii) commercial banks and 
the Clearing System are 
generally open for business 
and foreign exchange mar-
kets settle payments in [in-
sert all relevant financial cen-
tres]. 
If 
the 
Speci-
fied Cur-
rency is 
not 
Euro, 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz für jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend de-
finiert) ist der Zinssatz per annum, 
der dem Referenzsatz (wie nach-
stehend definiert) [[zuzüglich] [ab-
züglich] der Marge (wie nachste-
hend definiert)] entspricht, wobei 
der Zinssatz mindestens 0,00 % 
per annum beträgt. 
 
Rate of Interest. The Rate of Inter-
est for each Interest Period (as de-
fined below) will be a rate per an-
num equal to the Reference Rate 
(as defined below) [[plus] [minus] 
the Margin (as defined below)], 
subject to a minimum of 0.00 per 
cent. per annum  
 
Im 
Falle 
einer 
Marge gilt 
folgen-
des 
Die Marge beträgt [Marge] % per annum. 
Margin means [Margin] per cent. per an-
num. 
In 
the 
case of 
a Margin 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies 
 
Zinsperiode bezeichnet den Zeit-
raum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
sowie jeden folgenden Zeitraum ab 
einem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ein-
schließlich) bis zum jeweils darauf-
folgenden Zinszahlungstag (aus-
schließlich). 
Interest Period means each period 
from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date to but ex-
cluding the first Interest Payment 
Date and each successive period 
from and including an Interest Pay-
ment Date to but excluding the fol-
lowing Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
Feststellung des Referenzsatzes. 
Die Berechnungsstelle bestimmt 
an jedem Zinsfestsetzungstag den 
betreffenden Referenzsatz nach 
Maßgabe dieses § 3(c). 
 
Determination of the Reference 
Rate. The Calculation Agent will 
determine the relevant Reference 
Rate in accordance with this § 3(c) 
on each Interest Determination 
Date. 
 
 
Der Referenzsatz für jede Zinspe-
riode wird wie folgt bestimmt. 
The Reference Rate for each Inter-
est Period will be determined as fol-
lows: 
 
 
 
Für jede Zinsperiode, die vor 
dem Eintritt des jeweiligen 
Stichtags (wie in § 3(e)(vii) 
definiert) beginnt, entspricht 
der Referenzsatz dem Ur-
sprünglichen 
Benchmark-
satz an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungtag. 
 
For each Interest Period be-
ginning prior to the occur-
rence of the relevant Effec-
tive Date (as defined in 
§ 3(e)(vii)), the Reference 
Rate will be equal to the 
Original Benchmark Rate on 
the relevant Interest Deter-
mination Date.  
 
 
Falls 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz zu dem be-
treffenden Zeitpunkt an dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestset-
zungstag nicht auf der Bild-
schirmseite angezeigt wird, 
entspricht der "Referenz-
satz" dem Referenzbanken-
satz an diesem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
If the Original Benchmark 
Rate does not appear on the 
Screen Page as at such time 
on the relevant Interest De-
termination Date, the "Refer-
ence Rate" will be equal to 
the Reference Bank Rate on 
that Interest Determination 
Date. 
 
 
Falls der Referenzbanken-
satz nicht gemäß der Defini-
tion dieses Begriffs festge-
stellt werden kann, ent-
spricht der "Referenzsatz" 
dem Ursprünglichen Bench-
marksatz auf der Bildschirm-
seite an dem letzten Tag vor 
dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
an dem dieser Ursprüngli-
che Benchmarksatz ange-
zeigt wurde. 
If the Reference Bank Rate 
cannot be determined in ac-
cordance with the definition 
of such term, the "Reference 
Rate" shall be equal to the 
Original Benchmark Rate on 
the Screen Page on the last 
day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark 
Rate was displayed. 
 
 
 
Für jede Zinsperiode, die an 
oder nach dem jeweiligen 
Stichtag beginnt, wird der 
"Referenzsatz" 
gemäß 
§ 3(e) bestimmt. 
 
For each Interest Period 
commencing on or after the 
relevant Effective Date, the 
"Reference Rate" will be de-
termined in accordance with 
§ 3(e). 
 
 
Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz 
an einem Tag bezeichnet (vorbe-
haltlich § 3(e)) die [1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-
Monats Euro Interbank Offered 
Original Benchmark Rate on any 
day means (subject to § 3(e)) the [1 
/ 3 / 6 / 12]-months Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate (expressed as a

--- Page 159 ---
159 
Rate (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz 
per annum), die an dem betreffen-
den Tag um 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) festgesetzt und auf der 
Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird. 
percentage rate per annum) fixed 
at, and appearing on, the Screen 
Page as of 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on such day. 
 
Referenzbankensatz bezeichnet 
den (als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückten) Satz für Einlagen 
in Euro für die betreffende Zinspe-
riode und über einen Repräsentati-
ven Betrag (auf Grundlage des Ac-
tual/360 Zinstagequotienten), den 
die Referenzbanken (wie nachste-
hend definiert) gegenüber führen-
den Banken im Interbankenmarkt 
der Euro-Zone um ca. 11:00 Uhr 
(Brüsseler Ortszeit) an dem betref-
fenden Zinsfestsetzungstag nen-
nen, und der wie folgt bestimmt 
wird: Die Emittentin wird jede Refe-
renzbank bitten, der Berechnungs-
stelle ihren Angebotssatz mitzutei-
len. Falls zwei oder mehr Refe-
renzbanken der Berechnungsstelle 
solche Angebotssätze nennen, ist 
der Referenzbankensatz für die 
betreffende Zinsperiode das arith-
metische Mittel (falls erforderlich, 
auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste tausendstel Prozent, wo-
bei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird) die-
ser Angebotssätze, wobei alle 
Feststellungen durch die Berech-
nungsstelle erfolgen. 
Reference Bank Rate means the 
rate (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) at which deposits 
in Euro are offered by the Refer-
ence Banks (as defined below) at 
approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the relevant Interest Deter-
mination Date to prime banks in the 
Euro-Zone interbank market for the 
relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount, assuming 
an Actual/360 day count basis, de-
termined as follows: The Issuer 
shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation. If 
two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Reference Bank Rate for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithme-
tic mean (rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.0005 be-
ing rounded upwards) of such of-
fered quotations, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
 
 
Falls an dem betreffenden Zins-
festsetzungstag nur eine oder 
keine der Referenzbanken der Be-
rechnungsstelle die im vorstehen-
den Absatz beschriebenen Ange-
botssätze nennt, ist der Referenz-
bankensatz für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode der Satz per annum, 
den die Berechnungsstelle als das 
arithmetische Mittel (falls erforder-
lich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste tausendstel Prozent, wo-
bei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird) der 
Sätze ermittelt, die von der Emit-
tentin ausgewählte Großbanken im 
Interbankenmarkt der Euro-Zone 
um ca. 11:00 Uhr (Brüsseler Orts-
zeit) der Berechnungsstelle auf 
Bitte 
der 
Emittentin 
als 
den 
If on the relevant Interest Determi-
nation Date only one or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Cal-
culation Agent with such offered 
quotations as provided in the pre-
ceding paragraph, the Reference 
Bank Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the rate per annum 
which the Calculation Agent deter-
mines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the near-
est one thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.0005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communi-
cated at approximately 11:00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) at the request of the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent by 
major banks in the Euro-Zone inter-
bank market, selected by the

--- Page 160 ---
160 
jeweiligen Satz nennen, zu dem sie 
an dem betreffenden Zinsfestset-
zungstag Darlehen in Euro für die 
betreffende Zinsperiode und über 
einen Repräsentativen Betrag ge-
genüber führenden europäischen 
Banken anbieten. 
Issuer, at which such banks offer, 
on the relevant Interest Determina-
tion Date, loans in Euro for the rel-
evant Interest Period and in a Rep-
resentative Amount to leading Eu-
ropean banks. 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
 
 
Bildschirmseite bezeichnet die 
Reuters 
Bildschirmseite 
EURIBOR01 oder eine andere 
Bildschirmseite von Reuters oder 
von einem anderen Informations-
anbieter als Nachfolger, welche die 
Reuters 
Bildschirmseite 
EURIBOR01 ersetzt. 
Screen Page means the Reuters 
screen page EURIBOR01 or such 
other screen page of Reuters or 
such other information service 
which is the successor to the Reu-
ters screen page EURIBOR01. 
 
 
Euro-Zone bezeichnet das Gebiet 
derjenigen Mitgliedstaaten der Eu-
ropäischen Union, die gemäß dem 
Vertrag über die Gründung der Eu-
ropäischen Gemeinschaft (unter-
zeichnet in Rom am 25. März 
1957), geändert durch den Vertrag 
über die Europäische Union (unter-
zeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Feb-
ruar 1992) und den Amsterdamer 
Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 1997, in 
seiner jeweiligen Fassung, eine 
einheitliche Währung eingeführt 
haben oder jeweils eingeführt ha-
ben werden. 
Euro-zone means the region com-
prised of those member states of 
the European Union that have 
adopted, or will have adopted from 
time to time, the single currency in 
accordance with the Treaty estab-
lishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 
1957), as amended by the Treaty 
on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992) 
and the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 Oc-
tober 1997, as further amended 
from time to time. 
 
 
Referenzbanken bezeichnet die 
Hauptniederlassungen von vier 
von der Emittentin ausgewählten 
großen Banken im Interbanken-
markt der Euro-Zone. 
Reference Banks means the prin-
cipal Euro-zone office of four major 
banks in the Euro-zone interbank 
market, in each case selected by 
the Issuer. 
 
 
Repräsentativer Betrag bezeich-
net einen Betrag, der zu dem be-
treffenden Zeitpunkt in dem jewei-
ligen Markt für eine einzelne Trans-
aktion repräsentativ ist. 
Representative Amount means 
an amount that is representative for 
a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time. 
 
 
T2-Geschäftstag 
bezeichnet 
einen Tag, an dem das von dem 
Eurosystem betriebene Realtime 
Gross 
Settlement-System 
(T2) 
oder 
dessen 
Nachfolgesystem 
betriebsbereit ist. 
T2 Business Day means a day on 
which the real-time gross settle-
ment system operated by the Eu-
rosystem (T2) or any successor 
system is operating.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
Zinsfestsetzungstag bezeichnet 
den zweiten T2-Geschäftstag vor 
Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsperiode. 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
means the second T2 Business 
Day prior to the commencement of 
the relevant Interest Period. 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls ein 
kurzer 
oder lan-
ger [ers-
ter / letz-
ter] 
Ku-
pon 
so-
wie Inter-
polation 
anwend-
bar 
ist, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
Für die [erste][letzte] Zinsperiode 
legt die Berechnungsstelle den Re-
ferenzsatz am Zinsfestsetzungstag 
in 
kaufmännisch 
vernünftiger 
Weise durch lineare Interpolation 
zwischen 
zwei 
Referenzsätzen 
fest, von denen (i) der eine Refe-
renzsatz für einen Zeitraum zu be-
stimmen ist, für den es einen dem 
Referenzsatz vergleichbaren Refe-
renzsatz gibt und der der Länge 
der anwendbaren Zinsperiode am 
nächsten kommt, aber kürzer als 
diese ist und (ii) der andere Refe-
renzsatz für einen Zeitraum zu be-
stimmen ist, für den es einen dem 
Referenzsatz vergleichbaren Refe-
renzsatz gibt und der der Länge 
der anwendbaren Zinsperiode am 
nächsten kommt, aber länger als 
diese ist. 
In respect of the [first][last] Interest 
Period, the Reference Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date in a commercially reasonable 
manner using the straight-line inter-
polation by reference to two refer-
ence rates, (i) one of which shall be 
determined for a term for which a 
reference rate similar to the Refer-
ence Rate is available and which is 
next closest to but shorter than the 
applicable Interest Period and (ii) 
the other of which shall be deter-
mined for a term for which a refer-
ence rate similar to the Reference 
Rate is available and which is next 
closest to but longer than the appli-
cable Interest Period. 
In 
the 
case 
a 
short/lo
ng [first 
/ 
last] 
coupon 
and 
in-
terpola-
tion 
is 
applica-
ble, the 
follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle 
wird zu oder baldmöglichst nach je-
dem Zinsfestsetzungstag, den auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen fälli-
gen Zinsbetrag bezogen auf jede 
Festgelegte Stückelung (Zinsbe-
trag) für die entsprechende Zins-
periode berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag 
wird ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz 
und der Zinstagequotient (wie 
nachstehend definiert) auf jede 
Festgelegten Stückelung ange-
wendet werden, wobei der resultie-
rende Betrag [falls die Festge-
legte Währung Euro ist einfü-
gen: auf den nächsten 0,01 Euro 
auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 
0,005 Euro aufgerundet werden.] 
[falls die Festgelegte Währung 
nicht Euro ist, einfügen: auf die 
kleinste Einheit der Festgelegten 
Währung auf- oder abgerundet 
wird, wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten 
aufgerundet werden.] 
 
Interest Amount. The Calculation 
Agent will, on or as soon as practi-
cable after each Interest Determi-
nation Date, calculate the amount 
of interest (Interest Amount) paya-
ble on the Notes in respect of each 
Specified Denomination for the rel-
evant Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by ap-
plying the Rate of Interest and the 
Day Count Fraction (as defined be-
low) to each Specified Denomina-
tion and rounding the resulting fig-
ure [if the Specified Currency is 
Euro insert: to the nearest 0.01 
Euro, 0.005 Euro being rounded 
upwards.] [if the Specified Cur-
rency is not Euro insert: to the 
nearest minimum unit of the Speci-
fied Currency, with 0.5 of such unit 
being rounded upwards.]

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
Zinstagequotient bezeichnet bei 
der Berechnung des Zinsbetrages 
für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (ab 
dem ersten Tag dieses Zeitraums 
(einschließlich) bis zum letzten Tag 
dieses Zeitraums (ausschließlich)) 
(unabhängig davon, ob es sich da-
bei um eine Zinsperiode handelt, 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum): 
Day Count Fraction means, in re-
spect of the calculation of an 
amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and includ-
ing the first day of such period to 
but excluding the last day of such 
period) (whether or not constituting 
an Interest Period, Calculation Pe-
riod): 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
Actual 
(ISDA)" 
Methode 
anwend-
bar 
ist, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage 
im Zinsberechnungszeitraum divi-
diert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil 
dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitrau-
mes in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die 
Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen 
Anzahl der Tage in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in 
das Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert 
durch 366 und (B) die tatsächliche 
Anzahl der Tage in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
die 
nicht in ein Schaltjahr fallen, divi-
diert durch 365). 
the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Pe-
riod falling in a leap year divided by 
366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calcula-
tion Period not falling in a leap year 
divided by 365). 
If 
"Ac-
tual / 
Actual 
(ISDA)" 
applies, 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
365 
(Fi-
xed)" Me-
thode an-
wendbar 
ist, 
gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage 
im Zinsberechnungszeitraum divi-
diert durch 365. 
the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365. 
If 
"Ac-
tual / 
365 
(Fixed)" 
applies, 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
360" Me-
thode an-
wendbar 
ist, 
gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage 
im Zinsberechnungszeitraum divi-
diert durch 360. 
the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360. 
If 
"Ac-
tual / 
360" ap-
plies, 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"30 / 360" 
oder 
"360 / 
360" oder 
die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
360, berechnet gemäß der nachfol-
genden Formel: 
the number of days in the Calcula-
tion Period divided by 360, calcu-
lated pursuant to the following for-
mula:d  
If 
"30 / 
360" or 
"360 / 
360" or 
Bond

--- Page 163 ---
163 
Bond Ba-
sis 
Me-
thode an-
wendbar 
ist, 
gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
Basis 
applies, 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
𝑍𝑇𝑄=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
 
𝐷𝐶𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
 
 
ZTQ ist gleich der Zinstagequoti-
ent; 
DCF means Day Count Fraction; 
 
 
J1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Zins-
berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a num-
ber, in which the first day of the Cal-
culation Period falls; 
 
 
J2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf 
den letzten Tag des Zinsberech-
nungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a num-
ber, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calcu-
lation Period falls; 
 
 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausge-
drückt als Zahl, in den der erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeit-
raums fällt; 
M1 is the calendar month, ex-
pressed as a number, in which the 
first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
 
 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausge-
drückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, 
der auf den letzten Tag des Zins-
berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar 
folgt; 
M2 is the calendar month, ex-
pressed as number, in which the 
day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
 
T1 ist der erste Tag des Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt 
als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl 
wäre 31, in welchem Fall T1 gleich 
30 ist; und 
D1 is the first calendar day, ex-
pressed as a number, of the Calcu-
lation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
 
 
T2 ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums unmit-
telbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl 
wäre 31, in welchem Fall T2 gleich 
30 ist. 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed 
as a number, immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Pe-
riod, unless such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"30E / 
360" oder 
"Euro-
bond 
die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 
360 (dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage 
auf der Grundlage eines Jahres 
von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 
the number of days in the Calcula-
tion Period divided by 360 (the 
number of days to be calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months, without regard 
If "30E / 
360" or 
"Euro-
bond 
Basis"

--- Page 164 ---
164 
Basis" 
Methode 
anwend-
bar 
ist, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar 
ohne Berücksichtigung des Da-
tums des ersten oder letzten Tages 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes). 
to the date of the first day or last 
day of the Calculation Period). 
applies, 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
𝑍𝑇𝑄=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
 
𝐷𝐶𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
 
 
ZTQ ist gleich der Zinstagequoti-
ent; 
DCF means Day Count Fraction; 
 
 
J1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Zins-
berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a num-
ber, in which the first day of the Cal-
culation Period falls; 
 
 
J2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf 
den letzten Tag des Zinsberech-
nungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a num-
ber, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calcu-
lation Period falls; 
 
 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausge-
drückt als Zahl, in den der erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeit-
raums fällt; 
M1 is the calendar month, ex-
pressed as a number, in which the 
first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
 
 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausge-
drückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, 
der auf den letzten Tag des Zins-
berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar 
folgt; 
M2 is the calendar month, ex-
pressed as number, in which the 
day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
 
T1 ist der erste Tag des Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt 
als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl 
wäre 31, in welchem Fall T1 gleich 
30 ist; und 
D1 is the first calendar day, ex-
pressed as a number, of the Calcu-
lation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
 
 
T2 ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums unmit-
telbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl 
wäre 31 und T1 ist größer als 29, in 
welchem Fall T2 gleich 30 ist. 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed 
as a number, immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Pe-
riod, unless such number would be 
31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
 
 
 
Benchmark-Ereignis. 
 
Benchmark Event 
 
 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in 
Bezug auf den Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz eintritt, gilt für die 
Bestimmung des betreffenden Re-
ferenzsatzes und die Verzinsung 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in re-
lation to the Original Benchmark 
Rate, the relevant Reference Rate 
and the interest on the Notes in

--- Page 165 ---
165 
der Schuldverschreibungen ge-
mäß § 3 Folgendes: 
accordance with § 3 will be deter-
mined as follows: 
 
 
Unabhängiger Berater. Die 
Emittentin wird sich bemü-
hen, sobald dies nach Ein-
tritt des Benchmark-Ereig-
nisses (wie in § 3(e)(vi) defi-
niert) und vor dem nächsten 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
erfor-
derlich ist, einen Unabhängi-
gen Berater (wie in § 3(e)(vi) 
definiert) zu benennen, der 
einen Neuen Benchmark-
satz (wie in § 3(e)(vi) defi-
niert), 
die 
Anpassungs-
spanne (wie in § 3(e)(vi) de-
finiert) und etwaige Bench-
mark-Änderungen (wie in 
§ 3(e)(iv) definiert) festlegt. 
 
Independent Adviser. The Is-
suer shall, as soon as this is 
required following the occur-
rence of the Benchmark 
Event 
(as 
defined 
in 
§ 3(e)(vi)) and prior to the 
next Interest Determination 
Date, endeavour to appoint 
an Independent Adviser (as 
defined in § 3(e)(vi)), who 
will determine a New Bench-
mark Rate (as defined in 
§ 3(e)(vi)), the Adjustment 
Spread 
(as 
defined 
in 
§ 3(e)(vi)) and any Bench-
mark Amendments (as de-
fined in § 3(e)(iv)). 
 
 
 
Ausweichsatz 
(Fallback). 
Wenn 
vor 
dem 
10. Ge-
schäftstag vor dem betref-
fenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
 
Fallback rate. If, prior to the 
10th Business Day prior to 
the relevant Interest Deter-
mination Date, 
 
 
 
die Emittentin keinen 
Unabhängigen Bera-
ter ernannt hat; oder 
 
the Issuer has not ap-
pointed an Independ-
ent Adviser; or 
 
 
 
der ernannte Unab-
hängige Berater kei-
nen Neuen Bench-
marksatz, keine An-
passungsspanne 
und/oder 
keine 
Benchmark-Änderun-
gen (sofern erforder-
lich) gemäß diesem 
§ 3(e) festgelegt hat, 
 
the Independent Ad-
viser appointed by it 
has not determined a 
New Benchmark Rate, 
has not determined 
the 
Adjustment 
Spread and/or has not 
determined 
any 
Benchmark 
Amend-
ments (if required) in 
accordance with this 
§ 3(e), 
 
 
dann entspricht der Refe-
renzsatz für die nächste 
Zinsperiode dem an dem 
letzten, unmittelbar vor Ein-
tritt des relevanten Stichtags 
liegenden 
Zinsfestset-
zungstag festgestellten Re-
ferenzsatz. 
then the Reference Rate ap-
plicable to the immediately 
following 
Interest 
Period 
shall be the Reference Rate 
determined on the last Inter-
est Determination Date im-
mediately preceding the rel-
evant Effective Date. 
 
 
Falls der Ausweichsatz ge-
mäß diesem § 3(e)(ii) zur 
Anwendung kommt, wird 
§ 3(e) erneut angewendet, 
um den Referenzsatz für die 
If the fallback rate deter-
mined in accordance with 
this § 3(e)(ii) is to be applied, 
§ 3(e) will be operated again 
to determine the Reference

--- Page 166 ---
166 
nächste nachfolgende (und, 
sofern notwendig, weitere 
nachfolgende) 
Zinsperi-
ode(n) zu bestimmen. 
Rate applicable to the next 
subsequent (and, if required, 
further subsequent) Interest 
Period(s). 
 
 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
oder Alternativ-Benchmark-
satz. Falls der Unabhängige 
Berater nach billigem Er-
messen feststellt, 
 
Successor Benchmark Rate 
or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate. If the Independent Ad-
viser determines in its rea-
sonable discretion that: 
 
 
 
dass es einen Nach-
folge-Benchmarksatz 
gibt, dann ist dieser 
Nachfolge-Bench-
marksatz der Neue 
Benchmarksatz; oder 
 
there is a Successor 
Benchmark Rate, then 
such 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate shall 
subsequently be the 
New Benchmark Rate; 
or 
 
 
 
dass es keinen Nach-
folge-Benchmarksatz 
aber einen Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz gibt, 
dann ist dieser Alter-
nativ-Benchmarksatz 
der Neue Benchmark-
satz. 
 
there is no Successor 
Benchmark Rate but 
that there is an Alter-
native 
Benchmark 
Rate, then such Alter-
native 
Benchmark 
Rate 
shall 
subse-
quently be the New 
Benchmark Rate. 
 
 
In beiden Fällen entspricht 
der "Referenzsatz" für die 
unmittelbar 
nachfolgende 
Zinsperiode und alle folgen-
den Zinsperioden dann (x) 
dem Neuen Benchmarksatz 
an dem betreffenden Zins-
festsetzungstag 
zuzüglich 
(y) der Anpassungsspanne. 
In either case the "Reference 
Rate" for the immediately fol-
lowing Interest Period and all 
following Interest Periods will 
then be (x) the New Bench-
mark Rate on the relevant In-
terest Determination Date 
plus 
(y) 
the 
Adjustment 
Spread. 
 
 
 
Benchmark-Änderungen. 
Wenn ein Neuer Bench-
marksatz und die entspre-
chende Anpassungsspanne 
gemäß diesem § 3(e) fest-
gelegt werden, und wenn 
der Unabhängige Berater 
feststellt, dass Änderungen 
hinsichtlich 
dieser 
Anlei-
hebedingungen notwendig 
sind, um die ordnungsge-
mäße 
Anwendung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes 
und der entsprechenden An-
passungsspanne 
zu 
ge-
währleisten (diese Änderun-
gen, Benchmark-Änderun-
gen), 
dann 
wird 
der 
 
Benchmark Amendments. If 
any relevant New Bench-
mark Rate and the applica-
ble Adjustment Spread are 
determined in accordance 
with this § 3(e), and if the In-
dependent Adviser deter-
mines that amendments to 
these Terms and Conditions 
are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such 
New Benchmark Rate and 
the applicable Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, 
Benchmark Amendments), 
then the Independent Ad-
viser 
will 
determine 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments

--- Page 167 ---
167 
Unabhängige Berater die 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
feststellen und wird die Emit-
tentin diese durch eine Mit-
teilung gemäß § 3(e)(v) be-
kanntmachen. 
and the Issuer will give no-
tice thereof in accordance 
with § 3(e)(v). 
 
Diese Benchmark-Änderun-
gen können insbesondere 
folgende Regelungen erfas-
sen: 
The 
Benchmark 
Amend-
ments may include without 
limitation: 
 
 
 
den Referenzsatz ein-
schließlich der "Bild-
schirmseite" und/oder 
(in Ersetzung von Zif-
fer (i) der Definition 
des Begriffs "Refe-
renzsatz" in § 3(c)) 
die Methode zur Be-
stimmung des Aus-
weichsatzes 
(sog. 
Fallback) für den Re-
ferenzsatz einschließ-
lich des Referenzban-
kensatzes; und/oder 
 
the Reference Rate in-
cluding the "Screen 
Page" and/or (in re-
placement of clause (i) 
of the definition of the 
term "Reference Rate" 
in § 3(c)) the method 
for determining the 
fallback rate in relation 
to the Reference Rate, 
including the Refer-
ence 
Bank 
Rate; 
and/or 
 
 
 
die Definitionen der 
Begriffe "Geschäfts-
tag", "Geschäftstage-
konvention", "Zinspe-
riode", "Zinstagequo-
tient", 
"Zinsfestset-
zungstag" 
und/oder 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
(einschließlich 
der 
Festlegung 
ob 
der 
Referenzsatz voraus-
schauend vor oder zu 
Beginn der betreffen-
den Zinsperiode oder 
zurückblickend 
vor 
oder zu dem Ende der 
betreffenden Zinspe-
riode bestimmt wird); 
und/oder 
 
the definitions of the 
terms "Business Day", 
"Business Day Con-
vention", "Interest Pe-
riod", 
"Day 
Count 
Fraction", 
"Interest 
Determination 
Date" 
and/or "Interest Pay-
ment Date" (including 
the 
determination 
whether the Refer-
ence Rate will be de-
termined in advance 
on or prior to the rele-
vant Interest Period or 
in arrear on or prior to 
the end of the relevant 
Interest 
Period); 
and/or 
 
 
 
der 
Geschäftstage-
konvention 
gemäß 
§ 5(d). 
 
the business day con-
vention in § 5(d) 
 
 
 
Mitteilungen, etc. Die Emit-
tentin wird einen Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, die Anpas-
sungsspanne und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen ge-
mäß 
diesem 
§ 3(e) 
der 
Emissionsstelle, 
der 
 
Notices, etc. The Issuer will 
notify any New Benchmark 
Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amend-
ments (if any) determined 
under this § 3(e) to the Fiscal 
Agent, 
the 
Calculation

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Berechnungsstelle, 
den 
Zahlstellen und gemäß § 12 
den Anleihegläubigern mit-
teilen, und zwar sobald eine 
solche Mitteilung (nach An-
sicht der Emittentin) nach 
deren Feststellung erforder-
lich ist, spätestens jedoch an 
dem 10. Geschäftstag vor 
dem betreffenden Zinsfest-
setzungstag. Eine solche 
Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich 
und hat den Stichtag zu be-
nennen. 
Agent, the Paying Agents 
and, in accordance with 
§ 12, the Noteholders as 
soon as such notification is 
(in the Issuer's view) re-
quired following the determi-
nation thereof, but in any 
event not later than on the 
10th Business Day prior to 
the relevant Interest Deter-
mination Date. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the Effective Date. 
 
Der Neue Benchmarksatz, 
die Anpassungsspanne und 
etwaige Benchmark-Ände-
rungen, die jeweils in der 
Mitteilung benannt werden, 
sind für die Emittentin, die 
Emissionsstelle, die Berech-
nungsstelle, die Zahlstellen 
und die Anleihegläubiger 
bindend. Die Anleihebedin-
gungen gelten ab dem Stich-
tag als durch den Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, die Anpas-
sungsspanne und die etwai-
gen 
Benchmark-Änderun-
gen geändert. 
The New Benchmark Rate, 
the Adjustment Spread and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amend-
ments (if any), each as spec-
ified in such notice, will be 
binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Noteholders. The 
Terms and Conditions shall 
be deemed to have been 
amended by the New Bench-
mark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) with ef-
fect from the Effective Date. 
 
 
An oder vor dem Tag dieser 
Mitteilung hat die Emittentin 
der Emissionsstelle und der 
Berechnungsstelle 
eine 
durch zwei Unterschriftsbe-
rechtigte der Emittentin un-
terzeichnete Bescheinigung 
zu überlassen, die 
On or prior to the date of 
such notice, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
and the Calculation Agent a 
certificate signed by two au-
thorised signatories of the Is-
suer: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
bestätigt, dass 
ein 
Bench-
mark-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist; 
(I) 
confirming that 
a 
Benchmark 
Event has oc-
curred; 
 
 
 
den nach Maß-
gabe der Best-
immungen die-
ses § 3(e) fest-
gestellten 
Neuen Bench-
marksatz 
be-
nennt; 
(II) 
specifying 
the 
relevant 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
deter-
mined 
in ac-
cordance 
with 
the 
provisions 
of this § 3(e);

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
die 
entspre-
chende Anpas-
sungsspanne 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-
Änderungen 
benennt, die je-
weils 
nach 
Maßgabe 
der 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
§ 3(e) 
festgestellt 
wurden; und 
(III) 
specifying 
the 
applicable Ad-
justment 
Spread and the 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if 
any), each de-
termined in ac-
cordance 
with 
the 
provisions 
of this § 3(e); 
and 
 
 
 
den 
Stichtag 
benennt; und 
(IV) 
specifying 
the 
Effective Date; 
and 
 
 
 
bestätigt, dass die et-
waigen 
Benchmark-
Änderungen notwen-
dig sind, um die ord-
nungsgemäße 
An-
wendung des Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes 
und der entsprechen-
den 
Anpassungs-
spanne zu gewähr-
leisten. 
 
confirming 
that 
the 
Benchmark 
Amend-
ments (if any) are nec-
essary to ensure the 
proper operation of 
such 
relevant 
New 
Benchmark Rate and 
the applicable Adjust-
ment Spread. 
 
 
 
Definitionen. Zur Verwen-
dung in diesem § 3(e): 
 
Definitions. As used in this 
§ 3(e): 
 
 
Die 
Anpassungsspanne, 
die positiv, negativ oder 
gleich Null sein kann, wird in 
Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt 
und bezeichnet entweder (a) 
die Spanne oder (b) das Er-
gebnis der Anwendung der 
Formel oder Methode zur 
Berechnung der Spanne, 
die 
The Adjustment Spread, 
which may be positive, neg-
ative or zero, will be ex-
pressed in basis points and 
means either (a) the spread 
or (b) the result of the opera-
tion of the formula or meth-
odology for calculating the 
spread, which 
 
 
 
im Fall eines Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatzes 
for-
mell im Zusammenhang 
mit der Ersetzung des 
Ursprünglichen 
Bench-
marksatzes durch den 
Nachfolge-Benchmark-
satz von dem Nominie-
rungsgremium empfoh-
len wird; oder 
(1) 
in the case of a Succes-
sor Benchmark Rate, is 
formally recommended in 
relation to the replace-
ment 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate with the 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
 
 
 
(sofern keine Empfeh-
lung gemäß Absatz (1) 
(2) 
(if no recommendation 
pursuant to clause (1)

--- Page 170 ---
170 
abgegeben wurde oder 
im Fall eines Alternativ-
Benchmarksatzes) übli-
cherweise an den inter-
nationalen Anleihekapi-
talmärkten 
auf 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
angewendet wird, um ei-
nen industrieweit akzep-
tierten 
Ersatz-Bench-
marksatz für den Ur-
sprünglichen 
Bench-
marksatz zu erzeugen, 
wobei sämtliche Fest-
stellungen durch den Un-
abhängigen 
Berater 
nach billigem Ermessen 
vorgenommen werden; 
oder 
has been made, or in the 
case of an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate) is cus-
tomarily applied to the 
New Benchmark Rate in 
the 
international 
debt 
capital markets to pro-
duce 
an 
industry-ac-
cepted 
replacement 
benchmark rate for the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate, provided that all 
determinations will be 
made by the Independent 
Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion; or 
 
 
(sofern der Unabhängige 
Berater nach billigem Er-
messen feststellt, dass 
keine solche Spanne üb-
licherweise angewendet 
wird, und dass das Fol-
gende für die Schuldver-
schreibungen angemes-
sen ist) als industriewei-
ter Standard für Over-
the-Counter Derivatetra-
nsaktionen, die sich auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
bezie-
hen, anerkannt oder be-
stätigt ist, wenn der Ur-
sprüngliche Benchmark-
satz durch den Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
ersetzt 
worden ist, wobei sämtli-
che 
Feststellungen 
durch den Unabhängi-
gen Berater nach billi-
gem Ermessen vorge-
nommen werden. 
(3) 
(if the Independent Ad-
viser in its reasonable 
discretion 
determines 
that no such spread is 
customarily applied and 
that the following would 
be appropriate for the 
Notes) is recognised or 
acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for 
over-the-counter deriva-
tive transactions which 
reference the Original 
Benchmark Rate, where 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate has been replaced 
by the New Benchmark 
Rate, provided that all 
determinations will be 
made by the Independent 
Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion. 
 
 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
bezeichnet eine alternative 
Benchmark oder einen alter-
nativen Bildschirmsatz, die 
bzw. der üblicherweise an 
den internationalen Anleihe-
kapitalmärkten zur Bestim-
mung von variablen Zinssät-
zen in der Festgelegten 
Währung angewendet wird, 
wobei 
sämtliche 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate means an alternative 
benchmark or an alternative 
screen rate which is custom-
arily applied in the interna-
tional debt capital markets 
for the purpose of determin-
ing floating rates of interest 
in the Specified Currency, 
provided 
that 
all

--- Page 171 ---
171 
Feststellungen durch den 
Unabhängigen Berater vor-
genommen werden. 
determinations will be made 
by the Independent Adviser. 
 
Ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
tritt ein, wenn: 
A Benchmark Event occurs 
if: 
 
 
 
eine öffentliche Erklä-
rung oder eine Veröf-
fentlichung von Infor-
mationen durch oder 
im Namen der für den 
Administrator des Ur-
sprünglichen Bench-
marksatzes zuständi-
gen Aufsichtsbehörde 
vorgenommen 
wird, 
aus der hervorgeht, 
dass dieser Administ-
rator die Bereitstel-
lung des Ursprüngli-
chen Benchmarksat-
zes dauerhaft oder 
auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder 
einstellen wird, es sei 
denn, es gibt zum 
Zeitpunkt der Erklä-
rung oder der Veröf-
fentlichung 
einen 
Nachfolgeadministra-
tor, der den Ursprüng-
liche Benchmarksatz 
weiterhin bereitstellt; 
oder 
(1) 
a public statement or 
publication of infor-
mation by or on behalf 
of the regulatory su-
pervisor of the Original 
Benchmark Rate ad-
ministrator stating that 
said administrator has 
ceased or will cease to 
provide the Original 
Benchmark Rate per-
manently 
or 
indefi-
nitely, unless, at the 
time of the statement 
or publication, there is 
a successor adminis-
trator that will continue 
to provide the Original 
Benchmark Rate; or 
 
 
 
eine öffentliche Erklä-
rung oder eine Veröffent-
lichung von Informatio-
nen durch oder im Na-
men des Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vor-
genommen wird, die be-
sagt, dass der Administ-
rator die Bereitstellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes dau-
erhaft oder auf unbe-
stimmte Zeit eingestellt 
hat oder einstellen wird, 
es sei denn, es gibt zum 
Zeitpunkt der Erklärung 
oder 
der 
Veröffentli-
chung einen Nachfol-
geadministrator, der den 
Ursprünglichen 
(2) 
a public statement or 
publication of information 
by or on behalf of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
administrator is made, 
stating that said adminis-
trator has ceased or will 
cease to provide the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
permanently or indefi-
nitely, unless, at the time 
of the statement or publi-
cation, there is a succes-
sor administrator that will 
continue to provide the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate; or

--- Page 172 ---
172 
Benchmarksatz 
weiter-
hin bereitstellt; oder 
 
 
eine öffentliche Erklä-
rung der Aufsichtsbe-
hörde des Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes veröf-
fentlicht wird, wonach 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz ihrer An-
sicht nach nicht mehr re-
präsentativ für den zu-
grunde liegenden Markt, 
den er zu messen vor-
gibt, ist oder sein wird, 
und keine von der Auf-
sichtsbehörde des Admi-
nistrators des Ursprüng-
lichen Benchmarksatzes 
geforderten Maßnahmen 
zur Behebung einer sol-
chen Situation ergriffen 
worden sind oder zu er-
warten sind; oder 
(3) 
a public statement by the 
supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark Rate admin-
istrator is made that, in its 
view, the Original Bench-
mark Rate is no longer 
representative, or will no 
longer be representative, 
of the underlying market 
it purports to measure 
and no action to remedi-
ate such a situation is 
taken or expected to be 
taken as required by the 
supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark Rate admin-
istrator; or 
 
 
 
der Administrator des Ur-
sprünglichen 
Bench-
marksatzes 
feststellt, 
dass der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz auf der 
Grundlage von reduzier-
ten Eingaben oder ande-
ren Notfall- oder Aus-
weich-Richtlinien und -
vereinbarungen berech-
net werden müsste, und 
entweder: (i) der Um-
stand(die 
Umstände) 
oder das Ereignis(die Er-
eignisse), das(die) zu ei-
ner solchen Feststellung 
führt(führen), nicht vo-
rübergehend 
ist(sind), 
oder (ii) der Ursprüngli-
che Benchmarksatz für 
einen Zeitraum von nicht 
weniger als einem Monat 
gemäß 
einer 
solchen 
Richtlinie oder Vereinba-
rung 
berechnet 
wird; 
oder 
(4) 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate administrator deter-
mines that the Original 
Benchmark Rate should 
be calculated in accord-
ance with its reduced 
submissions 
or 
other 
contingency or fallback 
policies or arrangements 
and either: (i) the circum-
stance(s) 
or 
event(s) 
leading to such determi-
nation are not temporary, 
or (ii) the Original Bench-
mark Rate is calculated 
in accordance with any 
such policy or arrange-
ment for a period of no 
less than one month; or 
 
 
 
die Verwendung des Ur-
sprünglichen 
Bench-
marksatzes aus irgend-
einem Grund nach ei-
nem Gesetz oder einer 
(5) 
it has become, for any 
reason, unlawful under 
any law or regulation ap-
plicable to any Paying 
Agent, the Calculation

--- Page 173 ---
173 
Verordnung, die in Be-
zug auf die Zahlstellen, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, 
die Emittentin oder jeden 
Dritten anwendbar sind, 
rechtswidrig 
geworden 
ist; oder 
Agent, the Issuer or any 
other party to use the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate; or  
 
 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
ohne 
vorherige offizielle An-
kündigung durch die zu-
ständige Behörde oder 
den Administrator dauer-
haft nicht mehr veröffent-
licht wird; oder  
(6) 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate is permanently no 
longer published without 
a previous official an-
nouncement by the com-
petent authority or the 
administrator; or 
 
 
 
eine wesentliche Ände-
rung der Methodologie 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vor-
genommen wird. 
(7) 
material change is made 
to the Original Bench-
mark Rate methodology. 
 
 
Nachfolge-Benchmark-
satz 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Nachfolger oder Ersatz des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmark-
satzes, der formell durch 
das Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wurde. 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate means a successor to 
or replacement of the Origi-
nal Benchmark Rate which is 
formally recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
 
 
Neuer Benchmarksatz be-
zeichnet den jeweils gemäß 
diesem § 3(e) bestimmten 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
bzw. Alternativ-Benchmark-
satz. 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
means 
the 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
this 
§ 3(e). 
 
 
Nominierungsgremium 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf die 
Ersetzung des Ursprüngli-
chen Benchmarksatzes: 
Relevant Nominating Body 
means, in respect of the re-
placement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate: 
 
 
 
die Zentralbank für 
die Währung, in der 
die Benchmark oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz 
dargestellt wird oder 
eine Zentralbank oder 
andere Aufsichtsbe-
hörde, die für die Auf-
sicht des Administra-
tors der Benchmark 
oder 
des 
(1) 
the central bank for 
the currency to which 
the 
benchmark 
or 
screen rate (as appli-
cable) relates, or any 
central bank or other 
supervisory authority 
which is responsible 
for supervising the ad-
ministrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or

--- Page 174 ---
174 
Bildschirmsatzes zu-
ständig ist; oder 
 
 
jede 
Arbeitsgruppe 
oder 
jeden 
Aus-
schuss 
gefördert 
durch, geführt oder 
mitgeführt von oder 
gebildet von (a) der 
Zentralbank für die 
Währung in der die 
Benchmark oder der 
Bildschirmsatz darge-
stellt wird, (b) einer 
Zentralbank oder an-
deren 
Aufsichtsbe-
hörde, die für die Auf-
sicht des Administra-
tors der Benchmark 
oder des Bildschirm-
satzes zuständig ist, 
(c) einer Gruppe der 
zuvor 
genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderer Aufsichtsbe-
hörden oder (d) dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financial 
Stability 
Board) oder Teilen 
davon. 
(2) 
any working group or 
committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the re-
quest of (a) the central 
bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applica-
ble) relates, (b) any cen-
tral bank or other supervi-
sory authority which is re-
sponsible for supervising 
the administrator of the 
benchmark 
or 
screen 
rate (as applicable), (c) a 
group of the aforemen-
tioned central banks or 
other supervisory author-
ities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any 
part thereof. 
 
 
Unabhängiger Berater be-
zeichnet ein von der Emit-
tentin ernanntes unabhängi-
ges Finanzinstitut mit inter-
nationalem Ansehen oder 
einen anderen unabhängi-
gen Finanzberater mit Erfah-
rung in den internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten. 
Independent 
Adviser 
means an independent fi-
nancial institution of interna-
tional repute or other inde-
pendent financial adviser ex-
perienced in the international 
debt capital markets, in each 
case appointed by the Is-
suer. 
 
 
 
Der Stichtag für die Anwen-
dung des Neuen Bench-
marksatzes, 
der 
Anpas-
sungsspanne und der etwai-
gen 
Benchmark-Änderun-
gen gemäß diesem § 3(e) 
(Stichtag) ist der Zinsfest-
setzungstag, der auf den frü-
hesten der folgenden Tage 
fällt oder diesem nachfolgt: 
 
The effective date for the ap-
plication of the New Bench-
mark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) deter-
mined under this § 3(e) (Ef-
fective Date) will be the In-
terest Determination Date 
falling on or after the earliest 
of the following dates: 
 
 
 
den Tag, an dem die 
Veröffentlichung des Ur-
sprünglichen 
Bench-
marksatzes 
eingestellt 
wird bzw. an dem der 
(1) 
if the Benchmark Event 
has occurred as a result 
of clauses (1), (2) or (3) of 
the definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the

--- Page 175 ---
175 
Ursprüngliche 
Bench-
marksatz 
eingestellt 
wird, wenn das Bench-
mark-Ereignis aufgrund 
der Absätze (1), (2) oder 
(3) der Definition des Be-
griffs "Benchmark-Ereig-
nis" eingetreten ist; oder 
date of cessation of pub-
lication of the Original 
Benchmark Rate or of the 
discontinuation 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate, as the case may 
be; or 
 
 
den Tag des Eintritts des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, 
wenn das Benchmark-
Ereignis aufgrund der 
Absätze (4), (6) oder (7) 
der Definition des Be-
griffs "Benchmark-Ereig-
nis" eingetreten ist; oder 
(2) 
if the Benchmark Event 
has occurred as a result 
of clauses (4), (6) or (7) of 
the definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the 
date of the occurrence of 
the Benchmark Event; or 
 
 
 
den Tag, ab dem der Ur-
sprüngliche Benchmark-
satz nicht mehr verwen-
det werden darf, wenn 
das Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund des Absatzes 
(5) der Definition des Be-
griffs "Benchmark-Ereig-
nis" eingetreten ist. 
(3) 
if the Benchmark Event 
has occurred as a result 
of clause (5) of the defini-
tion of the term "Bench-
mark Event", the date 
from which the prohibi-
tion applies. 
 
 
 Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereig-
nis in Bezug auf einen 
Neuen Benchmarksatz ein-
tritt, gilt dieser § 3(e) ent-
sprechend für die Ersetzung 
des Neuen Benchmarksat-
zes 
durch 
einen 
neuen 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
bzw. Alternativ-Benchmark-
satz. In diesem Fall gilt jede 
Bezugnahme in § 3 auf den 
Begriff 
"Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz" als Bezug-
nahme auf den zuletzt ver-
wendeten Neuen Bench-
marksatz. 
 If a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to any New 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
§ 3(e) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis 
to the replacement of such 
New Benchmark Rate by any 
new Successor Benchmark 
Rate or Alternative Bench-
mark Rate, as the case may 
be. In this case, any refer-
ence in § 3 to the term "Orig-
inal Benchmark Rate" shall 
be deemed to be a reference 
to the New Benchmark Rate 
that last applied. 
 
 
 
In diesem § 3 schließt jede 
Bezugnahme auf den Begriff 
"Ursprünglicher Benchmark-
satz" gegebenenfalls auch 
eine Bezugnahme auf eine 
etwaige 
Teilkomponente 
des Ursprünglichen Bench-
marksatzes ein, wenn in Be-
zug auf diese Teilkompo-
nente ein Benchmark-Ereig-
nis eingetreten ist. 
 
Any reference in this § 3 to 
the term Original Benchmark 
Rate shall be deemed to in-
clude a reference to any 
component part thereof, if 
any, in respect of which a 
Benchmark Event has oc-
curred.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
Mitteilungen. Die Berechnungs-
stelle wird veranlassen, dass der 
Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag für die je-
weilige Zinsperiode, die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode und der relevante 
Zinszahlungstag 
der 
Emittentin 
und den Anleihegläubigern durch 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 12 und 
jeder Börse, an der die betreffen-
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt auf Veranlas-
sung der Emittentin notiert sind 
und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung 
an die Börse verlangen, unverzüg-
lich, aber keinesfalls später als am 
ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperi-
ode mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der 
Zinsperiode können der mitgeteilte 
Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag 
ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich 
angepasst (oder andere geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) 
werden. Jede solche Anpassung 
wird umgehend allen maßgebli-
chen Börsen, an denen die Schuld-
verschreibungen zu diesem Zeit-
punkt auf Veranlassung der Emit-
tentin notiert sind, sowie den Anlei-
hegläubigern gemäß § 12 mitge-
teilt. 
 
Notifications. 
The 
Calculation 
Agent will cause the Rate of Inter-
est, each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period, each Interest Pe-
riod and the relevant Interest Pay-
ment Date to be notified to the Is-
suer and to the Noteholders by no-
tice in accordance with § 12 and, if 
required by the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are 
from time to time listed at the initia-
tive of the Issuer, to such stock ex-
change, without undue delay, but in 
no event later than the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Pay-
ment Date so notified may subse-
quently be amended (or appropri-
ate alternative arrangements made 
by way of adjustment) without no-
tice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. 
Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to any relevant 
stock exchange on which the Notes 
are then listed at the initiative of the 
Issuer and to the Noteholders in ac-
cordance with § 12. 
 
 
 
Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. 
Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilun-
gen, Gutachten, Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, Quotierungen und 
Entscheidungen, die von der Be-
rechnungsstelle für die Zwecke 
dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, 
sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtli-
cher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emit-
tentin, die Emissionsstelle, die 
Zahlstellen und die Anleihegläubi-
ger bindend. 
 
Determinations Binding. All certifi-
cates, communications, opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quo-
tations and decisions given, ex-
pressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of the provisions of this 
§ 3 by the Calculation Agent shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, any Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
 
 
 
Ende des Zinslaufs. Der Zinslauf 
der Schuldverschreibungen endet 
an dem Ende des Tages, der dem 
Tag vorausgeht, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls 
die Emittentin die Schuldverschrei-
bungen bei Fälligkeit nicht zurück-
zahlt, endet die Verzinsung des 
ausstehenden Nennbetrags der 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht am 
Tag vor dem Fälligkeitstag, son-
dern erst an dem Ende des Tages, 
 
Cessation of Interest Accrual. The 
Notes shall cease to bear interest 
from the end of the day preceding 
their due date for redemption. If the 
Issuer fails to redeem the Notes 
when due, interest shall continue to 
accrue on the outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes beyond the 
due date until the end of the day 
preceding the actual redemption of 
the Notes. The applicable rate of in-
terest 
will 
be 
determined 
in

--- Page 177 ---
177 
der dem Tag der tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorausgeht. Der jeweils 
geltende Zinssatz wird gemäß die-
sem § 3 bestimmt. Weitergehende 
Ansprüche der Anleihegläubiger 
bleiben unberührt. 
accordance with this § 3. This does 
not affect any additional rights that 
might be available to the Notehold-
ers. 
 
 
Rückzahlung 
 
Redemption 
 
 
 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. So-
weit nicht zuvor bereits insgesamt 
oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft und eingezogen, wer-
den die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
ihrem Nennbetrag [im Fall eines 
festgelegten Endfälligkeitstages 
einfügen: an einem Zinszahlungs-
tag um den [Endfälligkeitstag ein-
fügen]] [im Fall eines Rückzah-
lungsmonats einfügen: am in 
den [Rückzahlungsmonat einfü-
gen] fallenden Zinszahlungstag] 
(Endfälligkeitstag) zurückgezahlt.  
 
Redemption at maturity. To the ex-
tent not previously redeemed in 
whole or in part, or purchased and 
cancelled the Notes shall be re-
deemed at their principal amount 
on [in the case of a specified Ma-
turity Date insert: on a Interest 
Payment Date around [insert Ma-
turity Date]] [in the case of a Re-
demption Month insert: on the In-
terest Payment Date falling in [in-
sert Redemption Month]] (Maturity 
Date).  
 
 
 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
wegen 
des Eintritts eines Gross-up-Ereig-
nisses. 
 
Early redemption following a Gross 
up Event. 
 
 
Sofern ein Gross-up-Ereignis (wie 
nachstehend definiert) eintritt, ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insge-
samt, jedoch nicht nur teilweise) 
durch Kündigungserklärung ge-
mäß § 4(d) jederzeit mit Wirkung 
zu dem in der Kündigungserklä-
rung gemäß § 4(d) festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn 
die Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht 
gemäß § 4(b) Satz 1 ausübt, ist die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung an dem in 
der Kündigungserklärung festge-
legten Rückzahlungstag zu ihrer 
Festgelegten Stückelung zuzüglich 
der bis zum festgelegten Rückzah-
lungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelau-
fenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
If a Gross up Event (as defined be-
low) occurs, the Issuer may, upon 
giving a notice of redemption in ac-
cordance with § 4(d), call the Notes 
for early redemption (in whole but 
not in part) at any time with effect 
on the redemption date specified in 
the notice in accordance with 
§ 4(d). If the Issuer exercises its call 
right in accordance with sentence 1 
of § 4(b), the Issuer shall redeem 
each Note at its Specified Denomi-
nation together with interest ac-
crued to but excluding the redemp-
tion date specified in the notice on 
the redemption date specified in the 
notice. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigungserklärung 
darf nicht früher als 90 Tage vor 
dem Tag erfolgen, an dem die 
Emittentin 
erstmals 
verpflichtet 
No such notice of redemption shall 
be given earlier than 90 days prior 
to the earliest date on which the Is-
suer would be for the first time

--- Page 178 ---
178 
wäre, Zusätzliche Beträge (wie in 
§ 6 definiert) zu zahlen. 
obliged to pay any Additional 
Amounts (as defined in § 6). 
 
Ein Gross-up-Ereignis tritt ein, 
wenn der Emittentin ein Gutachten 
einer anerkannten Anwaltskanzlei 
vorliegt (und die Emittentin der 
Emissionsstelle eine Kopie davon 
gibt), aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
Emittentin aufgrund einer an oder 
nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
letzten Tranche der Schuldver-
schreibungen in Kraft tretenden 
Änderung oder Klarstellung der 
Gesetze, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
sonstigen Vorschriften des Staats, 
in dem die Emittentin steuerlich an-
sässig ist, einer seiner Gebietskör-
perschaften oder einer seiner zur 
Erhebung von Steuern berechtig-
ten Behörden oder sonstigen Stel-
len (einschließlich des Falles, dass 
die betreffende Änderung oder 
Klarstellung rückwirkend Anwen-
dung findet), oder aufgrund einer 
Änderung der Auslegung oder An-
wendung, oder aufgrund einer erst-
maligen Auslegung oder Anwen-
dung dieser Gesetze, Verordnun-
gen oder sonstigen Vorschriften 
durch eine gesetzgebende Körper-
schaft, ein Gericht oder eine Be-
hörde (einschließlich des Erlasses 
von Gesetzen sowie der Bekannt-
machung von Entscheidungen ei-
nes Gerichts oder einer Behörde) 
verpflichtet ist oder verpflichtet sein 
wird, Zusätzliche Beträge gemäß 
§ 6 auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zu zahlen, und die Emittentin diese 
Verpflichtung 
nicht 
abwenden 
kann, indem sie Maßnahmen er-
greift, die sie nach Treu und Glau-
ben für zumutbar und angemessen 
hält. 
A Gross up Event will occur if an 
opinion of a recognised law firm 
has been delivered to the Issuer 
(and the Issuer has provided the 
Fiscal Agent with a copy thereof) 
stating that, as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarifi-
cation to, the laws, regulations or 
other rules of the Issuer's country of 
domicile for tax purposes, any of its 
political subdivisions or any author-
ity or any other agency of or in such 
country having power to tax (includ-
ing in case any such change, 
amendment or clarification has ret-
roactive effect), or as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarifi-
cation to, the interpretation or appli-
cation, or as a result of any interpre-
tation or application made for the 
first time, of any such laws, regula-
tions or other rules by any legisla-
tive body, court or authority (includ-
ing the enactment of any legislation 
and the publication of any decision 
of any court or authority), which 
change or amendment becomes ef-
fective on or after the date of issue 
of the last tranche of the Notes, the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to 
pay Additional Amounts pursuant to 
§ 6 on the Notes, and that obliga-
tion cannot be avoided by the Is-
suer taking such measures it (act-
ing in good faith) deems reasona-
ble and appropriate. 
 
 
[Keine 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der Emittentin] [Vorzei-
tige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin].  
 
[No early redemption at the option 
of the Issuer] [Early redemption at 
the option of the Issuer].  
 
Falls die 
Emitten-
tin 
kein 
Recht 
hat, 
die 
Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vor 
dem 
Endfälligkeitstag 
The Issuer is not entitled to call the 
Notes prior to the Maturity Date, 
otherwise than provided in § 4(b). 
If Notes 
are 
not 
subject 
to early

--- Page 179 ---
179 
Schuld-
ver-
schrei-
bungen 
nach 
§ 4(c) vor-
zeitig zu-
rückzu-
zahlen, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
zurückzuzahlen, außer nach Maß-
gabe von § 4(b). 
redemp-
tion pur-
suant to 
§ 4(c), 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emitten-
tin 
das 
Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuld-
ver-
schrei-
bungen 
nach 
ei-
gener 
Wahl 
an 
Call-
Rückzah-
lungs-
tag(e) 
vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
[(i)] 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insge-
samt und nicht nur teilweise) durch 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) mit Wirkung zu dem / den 
Call-Rückzahlungstag(en) zur vor-
zeitigen Rückzahlung zu kündigen. 
Wenn die Emittentin ihr Kündi-
gungsrecht gemäß § 4(c)[(i)] Satz 
1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin ver-
pflichtet, 
jede 
Schuldverschrei-
bung an dem in der Kündigungser-
klärung gemäß § 4(d) festgelegten 
Call-Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem je-
weiligen Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich der bis zu dem in der 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) festgelegten Call-Rückzah-
lungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelau-
fenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
[(i)] 
The Issuer may, upon giving a no-
tice of redemption in accordance 
with § 4(d), call the Notes for early 
redemption (in whole but not in 
part) with effect on the Call Re-
demption Date(s). If the Issuer ex-
ercises its call right in accordance 
with sentence 1 of § 4(c)[(i)], the Is-
suer shall redeem each Note at its 
Call Redemption Amount together 
with interest accrued to but exclud-
ing the Call Redemption Date spec-
ified in the notice in accordance 
with § 4(d) on the Call Redemption 
Date specified in the notice in ac-
cordance with § 4(d). 
If Notes 
are sub-
ject 
to 
early re-
demp-
tion 
at 
the 
op-
tion 
of 
the 
Is-
suer on 
Call Re-
demp-
tion 
Date(s), 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
Call-
Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) 
Call-
Rückzahlungs-
betrag 
Call  
Redemption 
Date(s) 
Call  
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
 
[Call-Rückzah-
lungstag(e) einfü-
gen] 
[Call-
Rückzahlungsbe-
trag/beträge 
einfügen] 
[insert Call Re-
demption Date(s)] 
[insert Call Re-
demption 
Amount(s)] 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihe-
gläubiger 
ebenfalls 
ein Recht 
haben, 
die 
Schuld-
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldver-
schreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
bereits der Anleihegläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Rechts gemäß 
§ 4(e) verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note which 
is the subject of the prior exercise 
by the Noteholder thereof of its op-
tion to require the redemption of 
such Note in accordance with 
§ 4(e). 
If Notes 
are also 
subject 
to early 
redemp-
tion 
at 
the 
op-
tion 
of

--- Page 180 ---
180 
ver-
schrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig 
zu kündi-
gen, 
gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
the 
Note-
holders, 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emitten-
tin 
das 
Wahl-
recht hat, 
die 
Schuld-
ver-
schrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig 
bei 
Ein-
tritt eines 
transakti-
onsbezo-
genen Er-
eignisses 
zum 
Er-
eignis-
Wahl-
rückzah-
lungsbe-
trag 
zu-
rückzu-
zahlen, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
[(ii)] Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insge-
samt oder teilweise) durch eine 
Transaktions-Mitteilung 
gemäß 
den nachstehend aufgeführten Be-
dingungen und gemäß § 4(d) mit 
Wirkung zu dem Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn 
die Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht 
gemäß § 4(c)[(ii)] Satz 1 ausübt, ist 
die Emittentin verpflichtet, jede zu-
rückzuzahlende Schuldverschrei-
bung an dem Ereignis-Wahl-Rück-
zahlungstag zum Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich der 
bis zum Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzah-
lungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelau-
fenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.  
[(ii)] The Issuer may, upon giving a 
Transaction Trigger Notice in ac-
cordance with the requirements set 
out below and in accordance with 
§ 4(d), call the Notes for early re-
demption (in whole or in part) with 
effect on the Trigger Call Redemp-
tion Date. If the Issuer exercises its 
call right in accordance with sen-
tence 1 of § 4(c)[(ii)], the Issuer 
shall redeem each Note to be re-
deemed at the Trigger Call Re-
demption Amount together with in-
terest accrued to but excluding the 
Trigger Call Redemption Date on 
the Trigger Call Redemption Date. 
If Notes 
are sub-
ject 
to 
early re-
demp-
tion 
at 
the 
op-
tion 
of 
the 
is-
suer 
upon 
occur-
rence of 
a trans-
action 
related 
event, 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
Transaktion 
bezeichnet 
[Be-
schreibung der geplanten Transak-
tion für deren Finanzierung die 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben 
werden].  
Transaction means [insert de-
scription of envisaged transaction 
for which the Notes are intended to 
be issued for refinancing pur-
poses]. 
 
 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist 
bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab dem 
[Begebungstag einfügen] bis zum 
[Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfü-
gen]. 
Transaction Notice Period means 
the period from [insert issue date] 
to [insert end of period date]. 
 
 
Transaktions-Mitteilung bezeich-
net eine Mitteilung der Emittentin 
an die Anleihegläubiger gemäß 
§ 4(d) und § 12 innerhalb der 
Transaction 
Trigger 
Notice 
means a notice to the Noteholders 
given in accordance with § 4(d) and 
§ 12 within the Transaction Notice

--- Page 181 ---
181 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist, dass 
die Transaktion vor ihrem Ab-
schluss beendet wurde oder dass 
die Transaktion aus irgendeinem 
Grund nicht durchgeführt wird oder 
dass die Emittentin öffentlich er-
klärt hat, dass sie nicht länger be-
absichtigt, die Transaktion zu ver-
folgen. Die Transaktions-Mitteilung 
hat ferner den Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag zu bezeichnen.  
Period that the Transaction has 
been terminated prior to its comple-
tion or that the Transaction will not 
be settled for any reason whatso-
ever or that the Issuer has publicly 
stated that it no longer intends to 
pursue the Transaction. The Trans-
action Trigger Notice shall also 
specify the Trigger Redemption 
Date.  
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht 
zur vorzeitigen Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Ein-
tritt eines der oben bezeichneten 
Ereignisse 
durch 
Bekanntma-
chung gemäß § 12 verzichten. 
At any time the Issuer may waive its 
right to call the Notes for redemp-
tion following the occurrence of one 
of the events detailed above, by 
giving notice in accordance with 
§ 12. 
 
 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag je Schuldverschreibung ist 
gleich [•] % der Festgelegten Stü-
ckelung. 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount 
per Note means [•] per cent. of the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
bezeichnet den in der Transakti-
ons-Mitteilung festgelegten nächs-
ten Zinszahlungstag, der auf den 
Ablauf 
der 
Transaktionskündi-
gungsfrist folgt. 
Trigger Call Redemption Date 
means the next Interest Payment 
Date following the expiration of the 
Transaction Notice Period, speci-
fied in the Transaction Trigger No-
tice. 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihe-
gläubiger 
ebenfalls 
ein Recht 
haben, 
die 
Schuld-
ver-
schrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig 
zu kündi-
gen, 
gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldver-
schreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
bereits der Anleihegläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Rechts gemäß 
§ 4(e) verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note which 
is the subject of the prior exercise 
by the Noteholder thereof of its op-
tion to require the redemption of 
such Note in accordance with 
§ 4(e). 
If Notes 
are also 
subject 
to early 
redemp-
tion 
at 
the 
op-
tion 
of 
the 
Note-
holders, 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emitten-
tin 
das 
[(iii)] Sofern zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
der Gesamtnennbetrag der aus-
stehenden Schuldverschreibungen 
[(iii)] If at any time the aggregate princi-
pal amount of the Notes outstand-
ing is equal to or less than 20 per 
If Notes 
are sub-
ject 
to

--- Page 182 ---
182 
Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuld-
ver-
schrei-
bungen 
wegen ei-
nes gerin-
gen aus-
stehen-
den 
Nennbe-
trags vor-
zeitig zu-
rückzu-
zahlen, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
auf 20 % oder weniger des Ge-
samtnennbetrages der Schuldver-
schreibungen der Serie, die ur-
sprünglich ausgegeben wurden, 
fällt, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
die Schuldverschreibungen (insge-
samt und nicht nur teilweise) durch 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) jederzeit mit Wirkung zu 
dem in der Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß § 4(d) festgelegten nächs-
ten Zinszahlungstag zur vorzeiti-
gen Rückzahlung zu kündigen. 
Wenn die Emittentin ihr Kündi-
gungsrecht gemäß § 4(c)[(iii)] Satz 
1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin ver-
pflichtet, 
jede 
Schuldverschrei-
bung an dem in der Kündigungser-
klärung gemäß § 4(d) festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag zu ihrer Festge-
legten Stückelung zuzüglich der 
bis zum festgelegten Rückzah-
lungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelau-
fenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes of the Series 
originally issued, the Issuer may, 
upon giving a notice of redemption 
in accordance with § 4(d), call the 
Notes for early redemption (in 
whole but not in part) at any time 
with effect on the next Interest Pay-
ment Date as specified in the notice 
in accordance with § 4(d). If the Is-
suer exercises its call right in ac-
cordance with sentence 1 of 
§ 4(c)[(iii)], the Issuer shall redeem 
each Note at its Specified Denomi-
nation together with interest ac-
crued to but excluding the redemp-
tion date specified in the notice on 
the redemption date specified in the 
notice. 
early re-
demp-
tion 
at 
the 
op-
tion 
of 
the 
Is-
suer for 
a 
mini-
mal out-
stand-
ing prin-
cipal 
amount, 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kündigungserklärung. Die Emit-
tentin hat die Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen zur vorzei-
tigen Rückzahlung gemäß § 4(b) 
oder § 4(c) durch Veröffentlichung 
einer Bekanntmachung an die An-
leihegläubiger gemäß § 12 unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von nicht we-
niger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 
Tagen zu erklären. Die Kündigung 
ist unwiderruflich, und in ihr wird 
bestimmt: 
 
Notice. The Issuer shall call the 
Notes for early redemption pursu-
ant to § 4(b) or § 4(c) by publishing 
a notice to the Noteholders in ac-
cordance with § 12 subject to ob-
serving a notice period of not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days 
which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify: 
 
 
– 
genaue Bezeichnung der 
zur Rückzahlung anste-
henden 
Serie, 
ein-
schließlich der Wertpa-
pierkennungen; 
– 
precise designation of the 
Series of Notes subject to 
redemption, including the 
securities codes; 
 
 
– 
der betreffende Tag der 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung; 
[und] 
– 
the applicable date of 
early redemption; [and] 
 
 
– 
der betreffende Rück-
zahlungsbetrag, zu dem 
die Schuldverschreibun-
gen vorzeitig zurückge-
zahlt werden[.][; und] 
– 
the applicable redemp-
tion amount at which such 
Notes are to be re-
deemed early[.][; and]

--- Page 183 ---
183 
Falls die 
Emitten-
tin 
das 
Wahl-
recht hat, 
die 
Schuld-
ver-
schrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig 
nach Ein-
tritt eines 
transakti-
onsbezo-
genen Er-
eignisses 
zum 
Er-
eignis-
Wahl-
rückzah-
lungsbe-
trag 
zu-
rückzu-
zahlen, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
eine Erklärung, ob die Schuldverschrei-
bungen ganz oder teilweise zurückge-
zahlt werden und im letzteren Fall den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzuzahlen-
den Schuldverschreibungen. 
whether the Notes will be redeemed in 
whole or in part and, if only in part, the ag-
gregate principal amount of the Notes 
which are to be redeemed. 
If Notes 
are sub-
ject 
to 
early re-
demp-
tion 
at 
the 
op-
tion 
of 
the 
is-
suer 
upon 
occur-
rence of 
a trans-
action 
related 
event, 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen 
nur teilweise zurückgezahlt wer-
den, werden die betreffenden zu-
rückzuzahlenden Schuldverschrei-
bungen in Übereinstimmung mit 
den Regeln des betreffenden Clea-
ringsystems ausgewählt. 
In the case of a partial redemption 
of Notes, the relevant Notes to be 
redeemed shall be selected in ac-
cordance with the rules of the rele-
vant Clearing System. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibun-
gen in Form einer NGN begeben 
werden, ist Folgendes anwend-
bar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung 
wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen 
entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbe-
trags wiedergegeben.] 
[In the case of Notes in NGN form 
the following applies: Such partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the 
records of CBL and Euroclear as ei-
ther a pool factor or a reduction in 
aggregate principal amount, at the 
discretion of CBL and Euroclear.] 
 
Die Emittentin wird jeder Börse, an 
der die Schuldverschreibungen auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin no-
tiert sind und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, 
umgehend Mitteilung über die Kün-
digung machen. 
The Issuer will inform, if required by 
such stock exchange on which the 
Notes are listed at the initiative of 
the Issuer, such stock exchange as 
soon as possible of such redemp-
tion. 
 
 
 
[Keine 
vorzeitige] 
[Vorzeitige] 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Anlei-
hegläubigers. 
 
[No early] [Early] redemption at the 
option of a Noteholder. 
 
Falls die 
Anleihe-
gläubiger 
kein 
Recht ha-
ben, 
die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzah-
lung der 
Schuld-
ver-
schrei-
bungen 
zu verlan-
gen, 
gilt 
Die Anleihegläubiger sind außer in 
Fällen des [falls die Schuldver-
schreibungen im Fall eines Kon-
trollwechsels vorzeitig kündbar 
sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
§ 4(g) oder des] § 8 zu keinem 
Zeitpunkt berechtigt, von der Emit-
tentin eine vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen zu ver-
langen. 
The Noteholders shall not be enti-
tled to put the Notes for redemption 
otherwise than provided in [if the 
Notes are subject to Early Re-
demption as a result of a Change 
of Control the following applies: 
§ 4(g) and] § 8 at any time. 
If Notes 
are 
not 
subject 
to early 
redemp-
tion 
at 
the 
op-
tion 
of 
the 
Note-
holders, 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies:

--- Page 184 ---
184 
Folgen-
des: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihe-
gläubiger 
ein Recht 
haben, 
die 
vor-
zeitige 
Rückzah-
lung der 
Schuld-
ver-
schrei-
bungen 
zu verlan-
gen, 
gilt 
Folgen-
des: 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung nach 
Wahl des Anleihegläubigers 
am / an den Put-Rückzah-
lungstag(en) zum jeweiligen 
Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich der bis zum Put-
Rückzahlungstag 
(aus-
schließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
 
The Issuer shall, at the op-
tion of the Noteholder, re-
deem such Note on the Put 
Redemption Date(s) at the 
relevant 
Put 
Redemption 
Amount together with inter-
est accrued to but excluding 
the Put Redemption Date. 
If Notes 
are sub-
ject 
to 
early re-
demp-
tion 
at 
the 
op-
tion 
of 
the 
Note-
holders, 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
Put-
Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) 
Put-
Rückzahlungs-
betrag 
Put Redemption 
Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
 
[Put-Rückzah-
lungs-tag(e) einfü-
gen] 
[Put-
Rückzahlungsbe-
trag/beträge 
einfügen] 
[insert Put Re-
demption Date(s)] 
[insert Put Re-
demption 
Amount(s)] 
 
 
Dem Anleihegläubiger steht 
das Recht, die vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung zu verlangen, 
nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung 
die 
Emittentin zuvor gemäß § 4 
verlangt hat. 
The Noteholder may not ex-
ercise the option for early re-
demption in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of 
the prior exercise by the Is-
suer of its right to redeem 
such Note in accordance 
with § 4. 
 
 
 
Um dieses Recht auszu-
üben, hat der Anleihegläubi-
ger nicht weniger als 30 und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tage vor 
dem Put-Rückzahlungstag, 
an dem die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ge-
mäß der Ausübungserklä-
rung (wie nachstehend defi-
niert) zurückgezahlt werden 
sollen, bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissi-
onsstelle während der nor-
malen Geschäftszeiten eine 
ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte 
 
In order to exercise the op-
tion, the Noteholder must, 
not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days before the Put 
Redemption Date on which 
such redemption is required 
to be made as specified in 
the Put Notice (as defined 
below), submit during normal 
business hours at the speci-
fied office of the Fiscal Agent 
a duly completed early re-
demption notice (Put No-
tice) in the form available 
from the specified office of

--- Page 185 ---
185 
Erklärung zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung (Ausübungs-
erklärung), wie sie von der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäfts-
stelle der Emissionsstelle er-
hältlich ist, zu hinterlegen. 
Die Ausübungserklärung hat 
anzugeben: (i) den Nennbe-
trag der Schuldverschrei-
bungen, für die das Recht 
ausgeübt wird und (ii) die 
Wertpapierkennungen die-
ser Schuldverschreibungen 
(soweit 
vergeben). 
Die 
Rückzahlung der Schuldver-
schreibungen, für welche 
das Recht ausgeübt worden 
ist, erfolgt nur gegen Liefe-
rung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen an die Emissions-
stelle oder an deren Order 
oder durch eine Sperrung 
durch das Clearingsystem. 
Die Ausübung des Rechts 
kann nicht widerrufen wer-
den. 
the Fiscal Agent. The Put 
Notice must specify (i) the 
principal 
amount 
of 
the 
Notes in respect of which 
such option is exercised, and 
(ii) the securities identifica-
tion numbers of such Notes, 
if any. The Issuer shall only 
be required to redeem Notes 
in respect of which such op-
tion is exercised against de-
livery of such Notes to the 
Fiscal Agent or to its order 
through a blocking by the 
Clearing System. No option 
so exercised may be re-
voked or withdrawn. 
 
 
Erwerb. 
 
Purchase. 
 
 
Die Emittentin oder jede ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften können je-
derzeit vorbehaltlich zwingender 
gesetzlicher Regelungen Schuld-
verschreibungen auf dem freien 
Markt oder anderweitig sowie zu 
jedem beliebigen Preis erwerben. 
Derartig 
erworbene 
Schuldver-
schreibungen können eingezogen, 
gehalten oder wieder veräußert 
werden. 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries 
may at any time and subject to 
mandatory provisions of law pur-
chase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Such 
acquired Notes may be cancelled, 
held or resold. 
 
 
 
Kontrollwechsel. 
 
Change of Control  
 
Falls die 
Schuld-
ver-
schrei-
bungen 
im Fall ei-
nes Kon-
troll-
wechsels 
vorzeitig 
kündbar 
sind, gilt 
Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel ein (Rück-
zahlungsereignis), hat jeder An-
leihegläubiger das Recht (sofern 
nicht die Emittentin, bevor die 
nachstehend beschriebene Rück-
zahlungsmitteilung gemacht wird, 
die Rückzahlung der Schuldver-
schreibungen nach § 4 (b) oder (c) 
angezeigt hat), die Rückzahlung 
seiner 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch die Emittentin zum Nennbe-
trag 
zuzüglich 
der 
bis 
zum 
If there occurs a Change of Control 
(Put Event), each Noteholder will 
have the option (unless, prior to the 
giving of the Put Event Notice re-
ferred to below, the Issuer gives no-
tice to redeem the Notes in accord-
ance with § 4(b) or (c)) to require 
the Issuer to redeem that Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date at its 
principal amount together with in-
terest accrued to but excluding the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
If 
the 
Notes 
are sub-
ject 
to 
Early 
Re-
demp-
tion as a 
result of 
a 
Change 
of Con-
trol the

--- Page 186 ---
186 
Folgen-
des: 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zu verlan-
gen. 
follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
Für Zwecke dieses Wahlrechts: 
For the purposes of such option: 
 
 
Gilt ein Kontrollwechsel jedes 
Mal als eingetreten, wenn eine 
Person oder mehrere Personen 
(relevante Person(en)), die abge-
stimmt handeln, oder einer oder 
mehrere Dritte, die im Auftrag der 
relevanten Person(en) handeln, zu 
irgendeiner Zeit mittelbar oder un-
mittelbar (unabhängig davon, ob 
der Vorstand oder der Aufsichtsrat 
der Emittentin seine Zustimmung 
erteilt hat) (i) mehr als 50 % des 
ausstehenden Grundkapitals der 
Emittentin oder (ii) eine solche An-
zahl von Aktien der Emittentin hält 
bzw. halten oder erworben hat 
bzw. haben, auf die mehr als 50 % 
der Stimmrechte entfallen; 
A Change of Control shall be 
deemed to have occurred at each 
time (whether or not approved by 
the Management Board or Supervi-
sory Board of the Issuer) that any 
person or persons (Relevant Per-
son(s)) acting in concert or any 
person or persons acting on behalf 
of any such Relevant Person(s), at 
any time directly or indirectly ac-
quire(s) or come(s) to own (i) more 
than 50 per cent. of the issued ordi-
nary share capital of the Issuer or 
(ii) such number of the shares in the 
capital of the Issuer carrying more 
than 50 per cent. of the voting 
rights; 
 
 
Ist der Rückzahlungstag der 
fünfte Geschäftstag nach dem letz-
ten Tag des Rückzahlungszeit-
raums. 
The Optional Redemption Date is 
the fifth Business Day after the last 
day of the Put Period. 
 
 
Sofort nachdem die Emittentin von 
einem 
Rückzahlungsereignis 
Kenntnis erlangt, wird die Emitten-
tin den Anleihegläubigern gemäß 
§ 12 Mitteilung vom Rückzahlungs-
ereignis machen (Rückzahlungs-
mitteilung), in der die Umstände 
des Rückzahlungsereignisses so-
wie das Verfahren für die Aus-
übung des in diesem § 4 (g) ge-
nannten Wahlrechts angegeben 
sind. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming 
aware that a Put Event has oc-
curred, the Issuer shall give notice 
(Put Event Notice) to the Note-
holders in accordance with § 12 
specifying the nature of the Put 
Event and the circumstances giving 
rise to it and the procedure for ex-
ercising the option set out in this §4 
(g). 
 
 
Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts 
muss der Anleihegläubiger wäh-
rend der normalen Geschäftsstun-
den innerhalb eines Zeitraums 
(Rückzahlungszeitraum) von 30 
Tagen, nachdem die Rückzah-
lungsmitteilung veröffentlicht ist, 
eine ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte 
und unterzeichnete Ausübungser-
klärung bei der angegebenen Nie-
derlassung der Emissionsstelle 
einreichen 
In order to exercise such option, the 
Noteholder must submit during nor-
mal business hours at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent a duly 
completed option exercise notice 
(Exercise Notice) in the form avail-
able from the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent within the period (Put 
Period) of 30 days after a Put 
Event Notice is given. No option so 
exercised may be revoked or

--- Page 187 ---
187 
(Ausübungserklärung), die in ih-
rer jeweils maßgeblichen Form bei 
der angegebenen Niederlassung 
der Emissionsstelle erhältlich ist. 
Ein so ausgeübtes Wahlrecht kann 
nicht ohne vorherige Zustimmung 
der Emittentin widerrufen oder zu-
rückgezogen werden. 
withdrawn without the prior consent 
of the Issuer. 
 
 
Zahlungen 
 
Payments 
 
 
 
Zahlungen. Die Zahlung von Kapi-
tal und Zinsen auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen erfolgt an das Clea-
ringsystem oder an dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clea-
ringsystems. [Im Fall von körper-
lich 
verbrieften 
Schuldver-
schreibungen einfügen: Die Zah-
lung von Zinsen auf Schuldver-
schreibungen, die durch eine Vor-
läufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, erfolgt nach ordnungsgemä-
ßem Nachweis gemäß § 1(c).] 
 
Payments. Payment of principal 
and interest on the Notes shall be 
made to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System for credit to the 
relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System. [In the case of 
Physical Notes, insert: Payment 
of interest on Notes represented by 
a Temporary Global Note shall be 
made, upon due certification as 
provided in § 1(c).] 
 
 
 
Zahlungsweise. Sämtliche auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leis-
tende Zahlungen werden in der 
Festgelegten Währung geleistet. 
Den 
Anleihegläubigern 
werden 
keine Kosten oder Gebühren in Be-
zug auf diese Zahlungen auferlegt. 
Sämtliche Zahlungen stehen unter 
dem Vorbehalt geltender steuerli-
cher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Vorschriften, Richtlinien und Ver-
ordnungen oder Verträge denen 
sich die Emittentin, der Emissions-
stelle oder eine Zahlstelle unter-
worfen haben. Vorbehaltlich § 6 ist 
die Emittentin nicht verpflichtet, zu-
sätzliche Beträge als Ausgleich für 
irgendwelche Steuern oder Abga-
ben gleich welcher Art, die auf-
grund solcher steuerlichen oder 
sonstigen gesetzlichen Vorschrif-
ten, Richtlinien oder Verordnungen 
oder Verträge auferlegt oder erho-
ben werden, an die Anleihegläubi-
ger zu zahlen. 
 
Manner of Payment. Payments of 
any amounts due in respect of the 
Notes shall be made in the Speci-
fied Currency. No commission or 
expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such pay-
ments. All payments will be subject 
to all applicable fiscal and other 
laws, directives and regulations or 
agreements to which the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent 
agree to be subject. Without preju-
dice to the provisions of § 6, the Is-
suer will not be obliged to pay to the 
Noteholders 
any 
additional 
amounts as compensation for any 
taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by such fiscal 
and other laws, regulations, direc-
tives or agreements.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearingsys-
tem oder an dessen Order von ih-
rer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System. 
 
 
 
Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag ei-
ner Zahlung in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
auf 
einen 
Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann wird 
der Fälligkeitstag auf den nächst-
folgenden Zahltag verschoben, es 
sei denn, jener würde dadurch in 
den nächsten Kalendermonat fal-
len; in diesem Fall wird der Fällig-
keitstag auf den unmittelbar vo-
rausgehenden Zahltag vorgezo-
gen. 
 
Payment Business Day. If the due 
date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Note is not a Pay-
ment Business Day, then the due 
date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Payment Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which 
event the due date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preced-
ing Payment Business Day. 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet 
Zahltag jeden Geschäftstag. 
For these purposes, Payment 
Business Day means a day which 
is a Business Day. 
 
 
 
Besteuerung 
 
Taxation 
 
 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen zu zahlenden Beträge wer-
den ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von Steuern, Abgaben, Festset-
zungen oder behördlicher Gebüh-
ren jedweder Art geleistet (Steu-
ern), die von dem Staat, in dem die 
Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist 
oder einer seiner Gebietskörper-
schaften oder zur Erhebung von 
Steuern berechtigten Behörden 
oder sonstigen Stellen auferlegt, 
erhoben, eingezogen, einbehalten 
oder festgesetzt werden, sofern 
nicht die Emittentin kraft Gesetzes 
oder einer sonstigen Rechtsvor-
schrift zu einem solchen Einbehalt 
oder Abzug verpflichtet ist. Sofern 
die Emittentin zu einem solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet 
ist, wird die Emittentin zusätzliche 
Beträge (Zusätzliche Beträge) an 
die Anleihegläubiger zahlen, so 
dass die Anleihegläubiger die Be-
träge erhalten, die sie ohne den 
betreffenden Einbehalt oder Abzug 
erhalten hätten. Solche Zusätzli-
chen Beträge sind jedoch nicht 
zahlbar wegen solcher Steuern in 
Bezug auf Schuldverschreibun-
gen, 
All amounts to be paid in respect of 
the Notes will be paid free and clear 
of, and without withholding or de-
duction for, any taxes, duties, as-
sessments 
or 
governmental 
charges 
of 
whatever 
nature 
(Taxes) imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by the Issu-
er's country of domicile for tax pur-
poses or any political subdivision or 
any authority or any other agency 
of or in the Issuer's country of dom-
icile for tax purposes that has 
power to tax, unless the Issuer is 
compelled by law to make such 
withholding or deduction. If the Is-
suer is required to make such with-
holding or deduction, the Issuer will 
pay such additional amounts (Ad-
ditional Amounts) to the Note-
holders as the Noteholders would 
have received if no such withhold-
ing or deduction had been required, 
except that no such Additional 
Amounts will be payable for any 
such Taxes in respect of any Note:

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
von einer als Depotbank (wie in 
§ 14(c) definiert) oder Inkassobe-
auftragter des Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf 
andere Weise zu entrichten sind 
als dadurch, dass die Emittentin 
aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zah-
lungen von Kapital oder Zinsen ei-
nen Abzug oder Einbehalt vor-
nimmt; oder 
 
are payable by any person acting 
as Custodian (as defined in § 14(c)) 
or collecting agent on behalf of a 
Noteholder, or otherwise in any 
manner which does not constitute a 
deduction or withholding by the Is-
suer from payments of principal or 
interest made by it; or 
 
 
 
die wegen einer Verbindung des 
betreffenden Anleihegläubigers zu 
dem Staat, in dem die Emittentin 
steuerlich ansässig ist, die nicht 
nur aus der bloßen Inhaberschaft 
der Schuldverschreibungen be-
steht, einzubehalten oder abzuzie-
hen sind; oder 
 
which are to be withheld or de-
ducted by reason of the relevant 
Noteholder having some connec-
tion with the Issuer's country of 
domicile for tax purposes other 
than the mere holding of that Note; 
or 
 
 
 
die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie 
oder Verordnung der Europäi-
schen Union betreffend die Be-
steuerung von Zinserträgen oder 
(ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen Ver-
einbarung, eines zwischenstaatli-
chen Abkommens oder einer zwi-
schenstaatlichen 
Verständigung 
über deren Besteuerung, an der 
der Staat, in dem die Emittentin 
steuerlich ansässig ist oder die Eu-
ropäische Union beteiligt ist, oder 
(iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, 
die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung, 
Vereinbarung, Verständigung oder 
dieses Abkommen umsetzt oder 
befolgt, abzuziehen oder einzube-
halten sind; oder 
 
which are to be withheld or de-
ducted pursuant to (i) any Euro-
pean Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest 
income, or (ii) any international 
treaty, agreement or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to 
which the Issuer's country of domi-
cile for tax purposes or the Euro-
pean Union is a party, or (iii) any 
provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to 
conform with, such Directive, Reg-
ulation, treaty, agreement or under-
standing; or 
 
 
 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu 
zahlen sind, welche später als 30 
Tage nach Fälligkeit der betreffen-
den Zahlung oder, wenn dies spä-
ter erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Be-
reitstellung aller fälligen Beträge 
und einer diesbezüglichen Be-
kanntmachung gemäß § 12 wirk-
sam wird. 
 
are payable by reason of a change 
in law that becomes effective more 
than 30 days after the relevant pay-
ment becomes due, or is duly pro-
vided for and notice thereof is pub-
lished in accordance with § 12, 
whichever occurs later. 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist keinesfalls ver-
pflichtet, Zusätzliche Beträge in 
Bezug auf einen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug von Beträgen zu zahlen, die 
gemäß Sections 1471 bis 1474 des 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code (in der 
jeweils geltenden Fassung oder 
gemäß Nachfolgebestimmungen), 
In any event, the Issuer will have no 
obligation 
to 
pay 
Additional 
amounts deducted or withheld by 
the Issuer, the relevant Paying 
Agent or any other party (FATCA 
Withholding) in relation to any 
withholding or deduction of any 
amounts required by the rules of

--- Page 190 ---
190 
gemäß zwischenstaatlicher Ab-
kommen, gemäß den in einer an-
deren Rechtsordnung in Zusam-
menhang mit diesen Bestimmun-
gen erlassenen Durchführungsvor-
schriften oder gemäß mit dem In-
ternal Revenue Service geschlos-
senen Verträgen von der Emitten-
tin, der jeweiligen Zahlstelle oder 
einem anderen Beteiligten abgezo-
gen 
oder 
einbehalten 
wurden 
(FATCA-Steuerabzug) oder Anle-
ger in Bezug auf einen FATCA-
Steuerabzug schadlos zu halten. 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sec-
tions 1471 through 1474 (or any 
amended or successor provisions), 
pursuant to any inter-governmental 
agreement, or implementing legis-
lation adopted by another jurisdic-
tion in connection with these provi-
sions, or pursuant to any agree-
ment with the U.S. Internal Reve-
nue Service or indemnify any inves-
tor in relation to any FATCA With-
holding. 
 
 
Vorlegung, Verjährung 
 
Presentation, Prescription 
 
 
 
Vorlegungsfrist. Die Vorlegungs-
frist gemäß § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 
BGB für fällige Schuldverschrei-
bungen wird auf zehn Jahre ver-
kürzt. [Im Fall von elektronischen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfü-
gen: Die Vorlegung erfolgt durch 
ausdrückliches 
Leistungsverlan-
gen unter Glaubhaftmachung der 
Berechtigung (§ 29 Abs. 2 eWpG). 
Der Nachweis kann durch eine Be-
scheinigung der Depotbank oder 
auf andere geeignete Weise er-
bracht werden.] 
 
Presentation. 
The 
period 
for 
presentation of Notes due, as es-
tablished in § 801(1) sentence 1 of 
the German Civil Code (Bürgerli-
ches Gesetzbuch), is reduced to 
ten years. [In the case of Elec-
tronic Notes insert: The presenta-
tion shall be made by means of an 
explicit request for performance 
and substantiation of the entitle-
ment (Section 29(2) eWpG). The 
substantiation of the entitlement 
can be made by means of a certifi-
cate of the Custodian or in any 
other appropriate manner.] 
 
 
 
Verjährungsfrist. Die Verjährungs-
frist für innerhalb der Vorlegungs-
frist 
zur 
Zahlung 
vorgelegte 
Schuldverschreibungen 
beträgt 
zwei Jahre von dem Ende der be-
treffenden Vorlegungsfrist an. 
 
Prescription. The period for pre-
scription for Notes presented for 
payment during the presentation 
period shall be two years beginning 
at the end of the relevant presenta-
tion period. 
 
 
 
Kündigungsgründe für die An-
leihegläubiger 
 
Events of Default 
 
 
 
Bei Eintritt und Fortdauer eines der 
nachstehenden Ereignisse ist ein 
Anleihegläubiger berechtigt, seine 
Schuldverschreibungen durch Mit-
teilung in Textform an die Emitten-
tin, die bei der Emittentin oder bei 
der Emissionsstelle abzugeben ist, 
zur sofortigen Rückzahlung fällig 
zu stellen, woraufhin seine Schuld-
verschreibungen 
ohne 
weitere 
Handlungen oder Formalitäten so-
fort 
zu 
ihrer 
Festgelegten 
 
If any of the events below occurs 
and is continuing, then any Note 
may, by notice in text form ad-
dressed to the Issuer and delivered 
to the Issuer or, alternatively, the 
Fiscal Agent, be declared due and 
payable, whereupon such Note will 
become immediately due and pay-
able at its Specified Denomination 
together with accrued interest with-
out further action or formality:

--- Page 191 ---
191 
Stückelung zuzüglich aufgelaufe-
ner Zinsen fällig werden: 
 
 
Nichtzahlung. Die Emittentin 
zahlt Kapital- oder Zinsbe-
träge in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht innerhalb von 15 Ta-
gen nach Fälligkeit; oder 
 
Non-payment. Failure by the 
Issuer to pay any amount of 
principal or interest in re-
spect of the Notes within 15 
days of the due date for pay-
ment of that amount; or 
 
 
 
Nichterfüllung sonstiger we-
sentlicher Verpflichtungen. 
Die Emittentin unterlässt die 
ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung 
irgendeiner sonstigen we-
sentlichen Verpflichtung aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibun-
gen, und die Unterlassung 
dauert länger als 30 Tage 
fort, nachdem die Emissi-
onsstelle hierüber eine Be-
nachrichtigung von einem 
Anleihegläubiger 
erhalten 
hat; oder 
 
Non-fulfilment of other mate-
rial obligations. The Issuer 
fails to duly perform any 
other material obligation aris-
ing under the Notes and any 
such failure continues for 
more than 30 days after the 
Fiscal Agent has received 
notice thereof from a Note-
holder; or 
 
 
 
Cross 
Acceleration. 
Eine 
(nicht aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen 
bestehende) 
Finanzverbindlichkeit (wie in 
§ 11(d) definiert) der Emitten-
tin oder einer Tochtergesell-
schaft (wie in § 2(b) definiert) 
wird infolge eines Kündi-
gungsgrunds 
(unabhängig 
von der Bezeichnung) vor ih-
rer festgelegten Fälligkeit fäl-
lig und zahlbar (sei es durch 
Kündigung, 
automatische 
vorzeitige Fälligstellung oder 
auf andere Weise), wobei der 
Gesamtbetrag der Finanzver-
bindlichkeiten mindestens 1% 
der Summe Aktiva (wie in 
§ 11(d) definiert) zum unmit-
telbar vorangegangenen Be-
richtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss der Emit-
tentin veröffentlicht worden 
ist, beträgt. Zur Klarstellung 
wird festgehalten, dass dieser 
Absatz (a)(iii) keine Anwen-
dung findet, wenn die Emit-
tentin oder die jeweilige Toch-
tergesellschaft 
bestreitet, 
dass 
diese 
Zahlungsver-
pflichtung besteht, fällig ist 
oder die Anforderungen für 
die vorzeitige Fälligstellung 
 
Cross Acceleration. Any Fi-
nancial Indebtedness (as de-
fined in § 11(d) below) of the 
Issuer (other than under the 
Notes) or any Subsidiary (as 
defined in § 2(b)) becomes 
due and payable prior to its 
specified maturity (whether 
by declaration, automatic ac-
celeration or otherwise) as a 
result of an event of default 
(howsoever 
described), 
whereby the total amount of 
Financial Indebtedness shall 
be at least 1% of the Total As-
sets (as defined in § 11(d)) as 
of the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated Financial State-
ments of the Issuer have 
been 
published. 
For 
the 
avoidance of doubt, this para-
graph (a)(iii) shall not apply, 
where the Issuer or the rele-
vant Subsidiary contests that 
such payment obligation ex-
ists, is due or the require-
ments for the acceleration are 
satisfied or if the event of de-
fault (howsoever described) 
arises only in the sphere of 
the respective other party (i.e.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
erfüllt sind oder wenn sich die 
vorzeitige Fälligstellung aus-
schließlich aus einem Kündi-
gungsgrund 
bzw. 
einer 
Pflichtverletzung 
(unabhän-
gig von dessen bzw. deren 
Bezeichnung) in der Sphäre 
der jeweiligen anderen Ver-
tragspartei (d.h. nicht seitens 
der Emittentin oder einer ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften) 
ergibt; oder 
not the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries); or 
 
 
Insolvenz etc. 
 
Insolvency etc. 
 
 
 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
gibt ihre Zahlungsunfä-
higkeit bekannt oder 
stellt ihre Zahlungen 
ein, oder 
 
the Issuer or any Mate-
rial 
Subsidiary 
an-
nounces its inability to 
meet its financial obli-
gations (Zahlungsun-
fähigkeit) or suspends 
payments; or 
 
 
 
gegen die Emittentin 
oder eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
wird ein Insolvenzver-
fahren eingeleitet und 
nicht innerhalb von 60 
Tagen 
aufgehoben 
oder ausgesetzt, oder 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
stellt einen Antrag auf 
Eröffnung eines sol-
chen Verfahrens; oder 
 
insolvency 
proceed-
ings over the assets of 
the Issuer or any Mate-
rial Subsidiary are initi-
ated and have not 
been 
discharged 
or 
stayed within 60 days 
or the Issuer or any 
Material 
Subsidiary 
files for the opening of 
such proceedings; or 
 
 
 
die Emittentin geht in 
die Liquidation oder 
wird abgewickelt oder 
aufgelöst (sofern dies 
nicht für die Zwecke 
oder als Folge eines 
Zusammenschlusses, 
einer 
Umstrukturie-
rung oder Sanierung 
geschieht, bei dem 
bzw. der die Emitten-
tin noch zahlungsfä-
hig ist und bei dem 
bzw. der die fortfüh-
rende Gesellschaft im 
Wesentlichen 
alle 
Vermögenswerte und 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
 
the Issuer enters into 
a winding up or disso-
lution and liquidation 
(other than for the pur-
poses of or pursuant 
to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or re-
structuring whilst sol-
vent, where the con-
tinuing entity assumes 
substantially all of the 
assets and obligations 
of the Issuer), or

--- Page 193 ---
193 
Emittentin 
über-
nimmt), oder 
 
 
in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland werden 
Gesetze, Verordnun-
gen oder behördliche 
Anordnungen 
erlas-
sen, aufgrund derer 
die Emittentin daran 
gehindert wird, ihre 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den Schuldverschrei-
bungen in vollem Um-
fang nachzukommen 
und zu erfüllen und 
dieser Umstand wird 
nicht binnen 90 Ta-
gen behoben; oder 
 
any governmental or-
der, decree or enact-
ment is made in or by 
the Federal Republic 
of Germany whereby 
the 
Issuer 
is 
pre-
vented from observing 
and performing in full 
its obligations under 
the Notes and this sit-
uation is not cured 
within 90 days; or 
 
 
 
Einstellung des Ge-
schäfts-betriebs 
der 
Emittentin; oder 
 
cessation of business 
operations of the Is-
suer; or 
 
 
 
die Emittentin oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
ihr gesamtes Vermö-
gen oder einen we-
sentlichen Teil ihres 
Vermögens an Dritte 
(ausgenommen ver-
bundene 
Unterneh-
men im Sinne von 
§ 15 
Aktiengesetz) 
veräußert oder ander-
weitig überträgt und 
eine solche Veräuße-
rung oder Übertra-
gung eine wesentli-
che nachteilige Aus-
wirkung auf die Fähig-
keit 
der 
Emittentin 
hat, ihre Zahlungsver-
pflichtungen aus die-
sen Schuldverschrei-
bungen zu erfüllen. 
 
the Issuer or a Mate-
rial Subsidiary sells or 
otherwise transfers all 
of its assets or a mate-
rial part of its assets to 
third parties (not in-
cluding affiliated en-
terprises (verbundene 
Unternehmen) as de-
fined in § 15 of the 
German Stock Corpo-
ration Act (Aktieng-
esetz)) and such sale 
or transfer has a mate-
rial adverse effect on 
the ability of the Issuer 
to comply with its pay-
ment obligations un-
der the Notes. 
 
 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesell-
schaft ist jede derzeitige oder zu-
künftige Tochtergesellschaft der 
Emittentin, (i) deren Nettoumsatz 
gemäß ihres geprüften nicht kon-
solidierten 
Jahresabschlusses 
(bzw. falls diese Tochtergesell-
schaft selbst konsolidierte Jahres-
abschlüsse 
erstellt, 
deren 
Material Subsidiary means any 
present or future Subsidiary of the 
Issuer (i) whose net sales as shown 
in the audited non-consolidated an-
nual accounts (or, if such Subsidi-
ary itself prepares consolidated ac-
counts, whose consolidated net 
sales as shown in the audited an-
nual consolidated accounts) of

--- Page 194 ---
194 
konsolidierter Nettoumsatz gemäß 
ihres geprüften konsolidierten Jah-
resabschlusses), der für die Zwe-
cke des letzten geprüften konsoli-
dierten 
Jahresabschlusses 
der 
Emittentin benutzt wurde, mindes-
tens 5 % der in diesem geprüften 
Konzernjahresabschluss 
ausge-
wiesenen gesamten Nettoumsätze 
der Emittentin und ihrer konsoli-
dierten Tochtergesellschaften be-
trägt oder (ii) deren Bilanzsumme 
gemäß ihres geprüften nicht kon-
solidierten 
Jahresabschlusses 
(bzw. falls diese Tochtergesell-
schaft selbst einen Konzernab-
schluss erstellt, deren konsolidierte 
Bilanzsumme gemäß ihres geprüf-
ten 
Konzernjahresabschlusses), 
der für die Zwecke des letzten ge-
prüften konsolidierten Jahresab-
schlusses der Emittentin benutzt 
wurde, mindestens 5 % der im 
Konzernjahresabschluss 
ausge-
wiesenen Bilanzsumme der Emit-
tentin und ihrer konsolidierten 
Tochtergesellschaften entspricht. 
such Subsidiary used for the pur-
poses of preparing the latest au-
dited consolidated annual accounts 
of the Issuer are at least 5 per cent. 
of the total net sales (Umsatzer-
löse) of the Issuer and its consoli-
dated subsidiaries as shown in 
such audited consolidated annual 
accounts or (ii) whose total assets 
as shown in the audited nonconsol-
idated annual accounts (or, if such 
Subsidiary itself prepares consoli-
dated annual accounts, whose con-
solidated total assets as shown in 
the audited consolidated annual ac-
counts) of such Subsidiary used for 
the purposes of preparing the latest 
audited consolidated annual ac-
counts of the Issuer are at least 5 
per cent. of the total assets of the 
Issuer and its consolidated subsidi-
aries as shown in the latest audited 
consolidated annual accounts. 
 
 
Quorum. 
In 
den 
Fällen 
von 
§ 8(a)(ii) und (iii) wird eine Kündi-
gung erst wirksam, es sei denn, 
zum Zeitpunkt des Erhalts einer 
solchen Mitteilung ist eines der in 
den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen 
(i) und (iv) genannten Ereignisse 
eingetreten, die die Anleihegläubi-
ger berechtigen, ihre Schuldver-
schreibungen für fällig zu erklären, 
wenn 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
schriftliche 
Kündigungserklärun-
gen von Anleihegläubigern im 
Nennbetrag von mindestens 10 % 
der dann ausstehenden Schuld-
verschreibungen 
eingegangen 
sind. Die Wirkung einer solchen 
Kündigung entfällt, wenn die Anlei-
hegläubiger dies binnen drei Mo-
naten mit Mehrheit beschließen. 
Für den Beschluss über die Un-
wirksamkeit der Kündigung genügt 
die einfache Mehrheit der Stimm-
rechte, es müssen aber in jedem 
Fall mehr Anleihegläubiger zustim-
men als gekündigt haben. 
 
Quorum. In the events specified in 
§ 8(a)(ii) and (iii), any notice declar-
ing Notes due shall, unless at the 
time such notice is received, any of 
the events specified in subpara-
graphs (i) and (iv) above entitling 
Noteholders to declare their Notes 
due has occurred, become effec-
tive only when the Fiscal Agent has 
received such notices from the 
Noteholders in writing of at least 10 
per cent. in principal amount of 
Notes then outstanding. Any such 
termination shall become ineffec-
tive if within three months the ma-
jority of the Noteholders so resolve. 
The resolution in relation to the in-
effectiveness of a termination may 
be passed by simple majority of the 
voting rights, provided, however, 
that in each case there must be 
more Noteholders consenting to 
such resolution than Noteholders 
having terminated the Notes.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
Emissionsstelle, 
Zahlstelle(n) 
und Berechnungsstelle 
 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s) 
and Calculation Agent 
 
 
 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Ge-
schäftsstelle. Die Emissionsstelle, 
die Zahlstelle und die Berech-
nungsstelle sind nachstehend mit 
den benannten anfänglichen Ge-
schäftsstellen aufgeführt: 
 
Appointment, specified office. The 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and 
the Calculation Agent and their re-
spective initial specified offices are 
as follows: 
 
 
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle:  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent:  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
Calculation Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
 
Änderung der Bestellung oder Ab-
berufung. Die Emittentin behält 
sich das Recht vor, jederzeit zu-
sätzliche Zahlstellen (gemeinsam 
mit der vorgenannten Zahlstelle, 
Zahlstellen und jede eine Zahl-
stelle) zu benennen.  
 
Variation or termination of appoint-
ment. The Issuer reserves the right 
at any time to appoint additional 
paying agents (together with the 
Paying Agent specified above, 
Paying Agents and each a Paying 
Agent).  
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich ferner 
das Recht vor, die Ernennung der 
Emissionsstelle, der Zahlstellen 
und der Berechnungsstelle jeder-
zeit anders zu regeln oder zu be-
enden. 
The Issuer further reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal 
Agent, any Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird sicherstellen, 
dass jederzeit (i) eine Emissions-
stelle und eine Berechnungsstelle, 
(ii) eine Zahlstelle mit einer Ge-
schäftsstelle in einer Stadt auf dem 
europäischen Festland und (iii) so 
lange die Schuldverschreibungen 
auf Veranlassung der Emittentin an 
einer Börse notiert werden, eine 
Zahlstelle mit einer benannten Ge-
schäftsstelle an dem von der be-
treffenden Börse vorgeschriebe-
nen Ort bestimmt ist. Die Emissi-
onsstelle, etwaige Zahlstellen und 
die Berechnungsstelle behalten 
sich das Recht vor, jederzeit an-
stelle ihrer jeweils benannten Ge-
schäftsstelle eine andere Ge-
schäftsstelle im selben Land zu 
The Issuer will at all times maintain 
(i) a Fiscal Agent and a Calculation 
Agent (ii) a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in a continental Eu-
ropean city and (iii) so long as the 
Notes are listed on a stock ex-
change at the initiative of the Is-
suer, a Paying Agent with a speci-
fied office in such city as may be re-
quired by the rules of the relevant 
stock exchange. The Fiscal Agent, 
any Paying Agent and the Calcula-
tion Agent reserve the right at any 
time to change their respective 
specified offices to some other 
specified office in the same coun-
try. Notice of all changes in the 
identities or specified offices of the 
Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent or

--- Page 196 ---
196 
bestimmen. 
Bekanntmachungen 
hinsichtlich aller Veränderungen 
im Hinblick auf die Emissionsstelle, 
etwaige Zahlstellen und die Be-
rechnungsstelle erfolgen unver-
züglich durch die Emittentin gemäß 
§ 12. 
the Calculation Agent will be given 
promptly by the Issuer to the Note-
holders in accordance with § 12. 
 
 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. 
Die Emissionsstelle, die Zahl-
stelle(n) und die Berechnungs-
stelle handeln ausschließlich als 
Beauftragte der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflich-
tungen gegenüber dem Anleihe-
gläubiger; es wird kein Auftrags- 
oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen 
ihnen und dem Anleihegläubiger 
begründet. 
 
Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal 
Agent, any Paying Agent(s) and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and do not as-
sume any obligations towards or re-
lationship of agency or trust for the 
Noteholder. 
 
 
Die Emissionsstellen, die Zahl-
stelle(n) und die Berechnungs-
stelle können den Rat eines oder 
mehrerer Rechtsanwälte oder an-
derer Sachverständiger einholen, 
deren Beratung oder Dienste sie 
für notwendig hält, und sich auf 
eine solche Beratung verlassen. 
Die Emissionsstelle, die Zahl-
stelle(n) und die Berechnungs-
stelle übernehmen keine Haftung 
gegenüber den Anleihegläubigern 
im Zusammenhang mit Handlun-
gen, die in gutem Glauben im Ein-
klang mit einer solchen Beratung 
getätigt, unterlassen oder geduldet 
wurden. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agent(s) and the Calculation Agent 
may engage the advice or services 
of any lawyers or other experts 
whose advice or services it deems 
necessary and may rely upon any 
advice so obtained. Neither the Fis-
cal Agent nor the Paying Agent nor 
the Calculation Agent will incur any 
liability as against the Noteholders 
in respect of any action taken, or 
not taken, or suffered to be taken, 
or not taken, in accordance with 
such advice in good faith. 
 
 
 Schuldnerersetzung 
 Substitution 
 
 
 
Ersetzung. 
 
Substitution. 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berech-
tigt, ohne Zustimmung der Anleihe-
gläubiger, eine andere Gesell-
schaft, die direkt oder indirekt von 
der Emittentin kontrolliert wird 
("Verbundene Unternehmen", wie 
in § 15 AktG definiert), als neue 
Emittentin für alle sich aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuld-
verschreibungen ergebenden Ver-
pflichtungen mit schuldbefreiender 
Wirkung für die Emittentin an die 
The Issuer may at any time, without 
the consent of the Noteholders, 
substitute for the Issuer any other 
company which is directly or indi-
rectly controlled by the Issuer ("Af-
filiated Companies", as defined in 
Section 15 German Stock Corpora-
tion Act –Aktiengesetz), as new is-
suer (New Issuer) in respect of all 
obligations arising under or in con-
nection with the Notes with the ef-
fect of releasing the Issuer of all 
such obligations, if:

--- Page 197 ---
197 
Stelle der Emittentin zu setzen 
(Neue Emittentin), sofern 
 
 
die Neue Emittentin sämtli-
che 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin aus oder im Zu-
sammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt und, sofern eine 
Zustellung an die Neue 
Emittentin außerhalb der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutsch-
land erfolgen müsste, einen 
Zustellungsbevollmächtig-
ten in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland bestellt; 
 
the New Issuer assumes any 
and all obligations of the Is-
suer arising under or in con-
nection with the Notes and, if 
service of process vis-à-vis 
the New Issuer would have 
to be effected outside the 
Federal Republic of Ger-
many, appoints a process 
agent within the Federal Re-
public of Germany; 
 
 
 
die Emittentin und die Neue 
Emittentin sämtliche für die 
Schuldnerersetzung und die 
Erfüllung der Verpflichtun-
gen aus oder im Zusammen-
hang mit den Schuldver-
schreibungen erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen 
erhalten 
haben; 
 
the Issuer and the New Is-
suer have obtained all au-
thorisations and approvals 
necessary for the substitu-
tion and the fulfilment of the 
obligations arising under or 
in connection with the Notes; 
 
 
 
die Neue Emittentin in der 
Lage ist, sämtliche zur Erfül-
lung 
der 
aufgrund 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen be-
stehenden 
Zahlungsver-
pflichtungen erforderlichen 
Beträge in der Festgelegten 
Währung an das Clearing-
system oder die Emissions-
stelle zu zahlen, und zwar 
ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt 
von Steuern oder sonstigen 
Abgaben jedweder Art, die 
von dem Land (oder den 
Ländern), in dem (in denen) 
die Neue Emittentin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, auf-
erlegt, erhoben oder einge-
zogen werden; 
 
the New Issuer is in the posi-
tion to pay to the Clearing 
System or to the Fiscal 
Agent in the Specified Cur-
rency and without deducting 
or withholding any taxes or 
other duties of whatever na-
ture imposed, levied or de-
ducted by the country (or 
countries) in which the New 
Issuer has its domicile or tax 
residence all amounts re-
quired for the performance of 
the payment obligations aris-
ing from or in connection with 
the Notes; 
 
 
 
die Emittentin unbedingt und 
unwiderruflich die Verpflich-
tungen der Neuen Emitten-
tin aus den Schuldverschrei-
bungen zu Bedingungen ga-
rantiert, die sicherstellen, 
dass jeder Anleihegläubiger 
wirtschaftlich mindestens so 
gestellt wird, wie er ohne die 
Ersetzung stehen würde; 
 
the Issuer unconditionally 
and irrevocably guarantees 
such obligations of the New 
Issuer under the Notes on 
terms which ensure that 
each Noteholder will be put 
in an economic position that 
is at least as favourable as 
that 
which 
would 
have

--- Page 198 ---
198 
existed if the substitution had 
not taken place; 
 
 
die Neue Emittentin sich ver-
pflichtet hat, jeden Anleihe-
gläubiger hinsichtlich sol-
cher Steuern, Abgaben oder 
behördlichen Lasten freizu-
stellen, die einem Anleihe-
gläubiger bezüglich der Er-
setzung auferlegt werden; 
und 
 
the New Issuer has agreed 
to indemnify and hold harm-
less each Noteholder against 
any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental 
charge 
im-
posed on such Noteholder in 
respect of such substitution; 
and 
 
 
 
der Emissionsstelle ein oder 
mehrere 
Rechtsgutachten 
von anerkannten Rechtsan-
wälten vorgelegt werden, 
welche bestätigen, dass die 
Bestimmungen in den vor-
stehenden Unterabsätzen (i) 
bis (v) erfüllt wurden. 
 
there shall have been deliv-
ered to the Fiscal Agent an 
opinion of lawyers of recog-
nised standing to the effect 
that subparagraphs (i) to (v) 
above have been satisfied. 
 
 
 
Bezugnahmen. 
 
References. 
 
 
 
Im Fall einer Schuldnerer-
setzung gemäß § 10(a) gilt 
jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die 
Emittentin als eine solche 
auf die Neue Emittentin. 
 
In the event of a substitution 
pursuant to § 10(a), any ref-
erence in these Terms and 
Conditions to the Issuer shall 
be a reference to the New Is-
suer. 
 
 
Klarstellend 
sei 
erwähnt, 
dass dies nur gilt, soweit 
sich nicht aus Sinn und 
Zweck der jeweiligen Bedin-
gung ergibt, dass die Bezug-
nahme entweder weiterhin 
nur auf die TAG Immobilien 
AG erfolgen soll, oder dass 
die Bezugnahme auf die 
Neue Emittentin und gleich-
zeitig auch auf die TAG Im-
mobilien AG, im Hinblick auf 
deren Verpflichtungen aus 
der 
Garantie 
gemäß 
§ 10(a)(iv) erfolgen soll. 
For the avoidance of doubt 
this shall apply only to the 
extent that the meaning and 
purpose of the relevant con-
dition requires that the rele-
vant reference shall continue 
to be a reference only to 
TAG Immobilien AG, or that 
the reference shall be to the 
New Issuer and TAG Immo-
bilien AG, in relation to TAG 
Immobilien AG's obligations 
under the guarantee pursu-
ant to § 10(a)(iv) at the same 
time. 
 
 
 
In § 8 gilt ein weiterer Kündi-
gungsgrund als aufgenom-
men, der dann besteht, 
wenn die Garantie gemäß 
§ 10(a)(iv) mit rechtskräfti-
ger Entscheidung eines zu-
ständigen Gerichts für nicht 
vollumfänglich wirksam er-
klärt wird, oder die Garantin 
einen 
Mangel 
der 
 
In § 8 a further event of de-
fault shall be deemed to 
have been included; such 
event of default shall exist in 
the case that the guarantee 
pursuant to § 10(a)(iv) is de-
termined by the final decision 
of a competent court or is 
claimed by the guarantor not 
to be in full force and effect

--- Page 199 ---
199 
Wirksamkeit behauptet und 
dieser Mangel nicht inner-
halb von zehn Geschäftsta-
gen behoben wird. 
and such defect is not cor-
rected within ten business 
days. 
 
 Verpflichtungserklärungen  
 Covenants  
 
 
 
Beschränkungen für das Eingehen 
von Finanzverbindlichkeiten. Die 
Emittentin verpflichtet sich, nach 
dem Begebungstag keine Finanz-
verbindlichkeiten einzugehen und 
sicherzustellen, dass ihre Tochter-
gesellschaften nach dem Bege-
bungstag keine Finanzverbindlich-
keiten eingehen (in beiden Fällen 
mit Ausnahme von Finanzverbind-
lichkeiten zur Refinanzierung beste-
hender Finanzverbindlichkeiten mit 
einem Gesamtnennbetrag, der dem 
Gesamtnennbetrag der refinanzier-
ten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
ent-
spricht oder diesen unterschreitet), 
wenn jeweils unmittelbar nach dem 
wirksamen Eingehen solcher weite-
rer Finanzverbindlichkeiten und der 
Verwendung des damit erzielten 
Nettoerlöses eine der folgenden Be-
dingungen erfüllt wären:  
 
Limitations on Incurrence of Finan-
cial Indebtedness. The Issuer un-
dertakes that it will not, and will pro-
cure that none of its Subsidiaries 
will, after the Issue Date, incur any 
Financial Indebtedness (in both 
cases except for Financial Indebted-
ness for refinancing existing Finan-
cial Indebtedness with an aggregate 
principal amount that is equal to or 
less than the aggregate principal 
amount of the refinanced Financial 
Indebtedness) if, immediately after 
giving effect to the incurrence of 
such additional Financial Indebted-
ness and the application of the net 
proceeds of such incurrence, 
 
 
 
das 
Verhältnis 
der 
(i) 
Summe (x) der Konsolidier-
ten Nettofinanzverbindlich-
keiten der Gruppe zum un-
mittelbar vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss der Emit-
tentin veröffentlicht worden 
ist, und (y) der Neuen Fi-
nanzverbindlichkeiten, 
die 
seit dem unmittelbar voran-
gegangenen Berichtsstich-
tag eingegangen wurden, zu 
dem ein Konzernabschluss 
der Emittentin veröffentlicht 
worden 
ist, 
zu 
(ii) 
der 
Summe (unter Ausschluss 
einer 
Doppelberücksichti-
gung) (x) der Summe Aktiva 
(zur Klarstellung: abzüglich 
der Position "Liquide Mittel") 
zum unmittelbar vorange-
gangenen Berichtsstichtag, 
zu dem ein Konzernab-
schluss der Emittentin veröf-
fentlicht worden ist, (y) der 
Kaufpreise für Immobilien-
vermögen (ohne Abzüge für 
 
the ratio of (i) the sum of (x) 
the Consolidated Net Finan-
cial Indebtedness of the 
Group as of the immediately 
preceding Reporting Date 
for which Consolidated Fi-
nancial Statements of the Is-
suer have been published 
and (y) the New Financial In-
debtedness incurred since 
the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements of the Issuer 
have been published to (ii) 
the sum of (without duplica-
tion) (x) the Total Assets (for 
the avoidance of doubt: less 
the position "cash and cash 
equivalents") as of the im-
mediately preceding Report-
ing Date for which Consoli-
dated Financial Statements 
of the Issuer have been pub-
lished, (y) the purchase 
prices of any Real Estate 
Property (without any de-
ductions 
for 
assumed

--- Page 200 ---
200 
übernommene 
Finanzver-
bindlichkeiten), das seit dem 
unmittelbar vorangegange-
nen 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem ein Konzernabschluss 
der Emittentin veröffentlicht 
wurde, 
erworben 
wurde 
oder für dessen Erwerb seit 
diesem Zeitpunkt eine Ver-
pflichtung 
eingegangen 
wurde, und (z) des Erlöses 
aus 
Finanzverbindlichkei-
ten, die seit dem unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichts-
stichtag eingegangen wur-
den, zu dem ein Konzernab-
schluss der Emittentin veröf-
fentlicht wurde (jedoch nur 
soweit dieser Erlös nicht 
zum Erwerb von Immobilien-
vermögen oder zur Verrin-
gerung von Finanzverbind-
lichkeiten verwendet wurde) 
(dieses Verhältnis in Bezug 
auf einen beliebigen Zeit-
punkt, der Verschuldungs-
grad (LTV) zu dem entspre-
chenden Zeitpunkt) 60 % 
übersteigen würde; oder 
Financial Indebtedness) ac-
quired or contracted for ac-
quisition since the immedi-
ately preceding Reporting 
Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published 
and (z) the proceeds of any 
Financial Indebtedness in-
curred since the immedi-
ately preceding Reporting 
Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published 
(but only to the extent such 
proceeds were not used to 
acquire Real Estate Prop-
erty or to reduce Financial 
Indebtedness) (such ratio, 
with respect to any date, the 
Loan-to-Value Ratio as of 
that date) would exceed 60 
per cent; or 
 
 
die Summe (x) der Besicher-
ten Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
der Gruppe zum unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichts-
stichtag, zu dem ein Kon-
zernabschluss der Emitten-
tin veröffentlicht worden ist, 
und (y) der Neuen Besicher-
ten Finanzverbindlichkeiten, 
die seit dem unmittelbar vo-
rangegangenen 
Berichts-
stichtag eingegangen wur-
den, zu dem ein Konzernab-
schluss der Emittentin veröf-
fentlicht worden ist, würde 
einen Betrag in Höhe von 
45% (ii) der Summe (unter 
Ausschluss einer Doppelbe-
rücksichtigung) 
(x) 
der 
Summe Aktiva zum unmittel-
bar vorangegangenen Be-
richtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss der Emit-
tentin veröffentlicht worden 
ist, (y) der Kaufpreise für Im-
mobilienvermögen 
(ohne 
Abzüge für übernommene 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten), 
 
the sum of (x) the Secured 
Financial Indebtedness as 
of the immediately preced-
ing Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements of the Issuer 
have been published and (y) 
the New Secured Financial 
Indebtedness incurred since 
the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements of the Issuer 
have been published would 
exceed 45 per cent. of (ii) 
the sum of (without duplica-
tion) (x) Total Assets as of 
the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements of the Issuer 
have been published, (y) the 
purchase prices of any Real 
Estate Property (without any 
deductions for assumed Fi-
nancial Indebtedness) ac-
quired or contracted for ac-
quisition 
since 
the

--- Page 201 ---
201 
das seit dem unmittelbar vo-
rangegangenen 
Berichts-
stichtag, zu dem ein Kon-
zernabschluss der Emitten-
tin veröffentlicht worden ist, 
erworben wurde oder für 
dessen Erwerb seit diesem 
Zeitpunkt eine Verpflichtung 
eingegangen wurde, und (z) 
des Erlöses aus Finanzver-
bindlichkeiten, die seit dem 
unmittelbar vorangegange-
nen Berichtsstichtag einge-
gangen wurden, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss der Emit-
tentin veröffentlicht worden 
ist (jedoch nur soweit dieser 
Erlös nicht zum Erwerb von 
Immobilienvermögen 
oder 
zur Verringerung von Fi-
nanzverbindlichkeiten 
ver-
wendet wurde) (dieses Ver-
hältnis in Bezug auf einen 
beliebigen Zeitpunkt, der 
Verschuldungsgrad (LTV) 
Besichertes Vermögen zu 
dem entsprechenden Zeit-
punkt) übersteigen. 
immediately preceding Re-
porting Date for which Con-
solidated Financial State-
ments of the Issuer have 
been published and (z) the 
proceeds of any Financial 
Indebtedness incurred since 
the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements of the Issuer 
have been published (but 
only to the extent such pro-
ceeds were not used to ac-
quire Real Estate Property 
or to reduce Financial In-
debtedness) 
(such 
ratio, 
with respect to any date, the 
Secured 
Loan-to-Value 
Ratio as of that date). 
 
 
Einhaltung des Konsolidierten De-
ckungsgrads. Die Emittentin ver-
pflichtet sich sicherzustellen, dass 
das Verhältnis von (i) dem Ge-
samtbetrag des Konsolidierten Be-
reinigten EBITDA in den jeweils 
letzten vier aufeinanderfolgenden 
Quartalen, die vor dem Berichts-
stichtag geendet haben, zu dem 
ein Konzernabschluss der Emitten-
tin veröffentlicht worden ist, zu (ii) 
dem Gesamtbetrag des Zahlungs-
wirksamen Zinsergebnisses in den 
jeweils letzten vier aufeinanderfol-
genden Quartalen, die vor dem Be-
richtstichtag geendet haben, zum 
dem ein Konzernabschluss der 
Emittentin veröffentlicht worden ist, 
nicht weniger als 1,80 zu 1,00 be-
tragen wird.  
 
Maintenance of Consolidated Cov-
erage Ratio. The Issuer under-
takes to ensure that the ratio of (i) 
the aggregate amount of Consoli-
dated Adjusted EBITDA in the re-
spective most recent four consec-
utive quarters ending prior to the 
Reporting Date for which Consoli-
dated Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published to (ii) 
the aggregate amount of Net Cash 
Interest in the respective most re-
cent four consecutive quarters 
ending prior to the Reporting Date 
for which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have 
been published will be no less than 
1.80 to 1.00. 
 
 
 
Berichte. Solange Schuldverschrei-
bungen ausstehen, veröffentlicht die 
Emittentin die folgenden Angaben 
auf ihrer Internetseite: 
 
Reports. For so long as any Notes 
are outstanding, the Issuer shall 
post on its website, 
 
 
 
Innerhalb von 120 Tagen 
nach dem Ende des Ge-
schäftsjahrs der Emittentin 
 
within 120 days after the end 
of each of the Issuer’s fiscal 
years, 
annual 
reports

--- Page 202 ---
202 
einen Geschäftsbericht mit ei-
nem geprüften Konzernab-
schluss nach den in der EU 
anwendbaren 
International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Stan-
dards (IFRS) und einem La-
gebericht nach § 315 HGB; 
und 
containing the audited con-
solidated financial statements 
in accordance with IFRS as 
adopted by the EU and the 
management report in ac-
cordance with Section 315 of 
the 
German 
Commercial 
Code; and 
 
 
innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach 
dem Ende jedes der ersten 
drei 
Quartale 
jedes 
Ge-
schäftsjahrs der Emittentin ei-
nen ungeprüften verkürzten 
Konzern-Zwischenabschluss 
nach den in der EU anwend-
baren IFRS bzw. eine Quar-
talsmitteilung 
entsprechend 
den 
Anforderungen 
der 
Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse. 
 
within 60 days after the end of 
each of the first three fiscal 
quarters in each fiscal year of 
the Issuer, unaudited con-
densed consolidated quar-
terly financial statements in 
accordance with IFRS as 
adopted by the EU or a quar-
terly statement in accordance 
with the requirements of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
 
 
 
Definitionen. 
 
Definitions. 
 
 
Berichtsstichtag ist der 31. März, 
30. Juni, 30. September und 31. 
Dezember eines jeden Jahres. 
Reporting Date means 31 March, 
30 June, 30 September and 31 De-
cember of each year. 
 
 
Besicherte 
Finanzverbindlich-
keiten bezeichnet den Teil der 
Konsolidierten Nettofinanzverbind-
lichkeiten, der mit Sicherungsrech-
ten an Immobilien oder sonstigen 
Vermögenswerten der Emittentin 
oder ihrer Tochtergesellschaften 
dinglich besichert ist (jeweils nach 
IFRS ermittelt). 
Secured Financial Indebtedness 
means that portion of the Consoli-
dated Net Financial Indebtedness 
that is secured by a Lien on prop-
erties or other assets of the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries (each as 
determined in accordance with 
IFRS). 
 
 
Eingehen bezeichnet in Bezug auf 
eine Finanzverbindlichkeit oder 
eine sonstige Verbindlichkeit einer 
Person die Begründung, die Über-
nahme, Abgabe einer Garantie 
oder Bürgschaft dafür oder eine 
anderweitige Übernahme der Haf-
tung für diese Finanzverbindlich-
keit oder sonstige Verbindlichkeit; 
das Eingehen bzw. eingegangen 
sind entsprechend auszulegen. 
Incur means, with respect to any 
Financial Indebtedness or other 
obligation of any Person, to create, 
assume, guarantee or otherwise 
become liable in respect of such 
Financial Indebtedness or other 
obligation, and incurrence and in-
curred have the meanings correla-
tive to the foregoing. 
 
 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
be-
zeichnet (unter Ausschluss einer 
Doppelberücksichtigung) alle Ver-
bindlichkeiten (ausgenommen sol-
che gegenüber anderen Mitglie-
dern der Gruppe) aus: 
Financial Indebtedness means 
(without duplication) any indebted-
ness (excluding any indebtedness 
owed to another member of the 
Group) for or in respect of:

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
aufgenommenen Geldern; 
 
money borrowed; 
 
 
 
allen im Rahmen von Ak-
zeptkrediten oder eines de-
materialisierten Äquivalents 
aufgenommenen Beträge; 
 
any amount raised by ac-
ceptance under any ac-
ceptance credit facility or a 
dematerialised equivalent; 
 
 
 
 allen im Rahmen von Fazili-
täten zum Kauf kurzfristiger 
Schuldtitel oder aus der Be-
gebung 
von 
Anleihen, 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
Commercial Paper oder ver-
gleichbaren 
Instrumenten 
aufgenommenen Beträgen; 
 
any amount raised pursuant 
to any note purchase facility 
or the issue of bonds, notes, 
commercial papers or any 
similar instrument; 
 
 
 
veräußerten oder diskontier-
ten Forderungen (außer bei 
einem 
Forderungsverkauf 
ohne Rückgriffsrecht); 
 
receivables sold or dis-
counted (other than any re-
ceivables to the extend they 
are sold on a non-recourse 
basis); 
 
 
 
der Aufnahme von Beträgen 
im Rahmen anderer Rechts-
geschäfte 
(einschließlich 
Termingeschäften), die die 
wirtschaftliche Wirkung ei-
ner Kreditaufnahme haben, 
ausgenommen 
jedoch 
Bankgarantie-Fazilitäten, 
die der Emittentin oder einer 
Tochtergesellschaft von Fi-
nanzinstituten gewährt wer-
den oder gewährt werden 
sollen und in deren Rahmen 
die Emittentin bzw. die je-
weilige Tochtergesellschaft 
die Ausstellung einer oder 
mehrerer Bankgarantien zu-
gunsten einer Person ver-
langen kann, die sich zum 
Erwerb von Immobilienver-
mögen von der Emittentin 
oder einer Tochtergesell-
schaft verpflichtet hat; 
 
any amounts raised under 
any other transaction (in-
cluding any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) hav-
ing the commercial effect of 
a borrowing, but excluding 
bank 
guarantee 
facilities 
made or to be made availa-
ble by financial institutions to 
the Issuer or a Subsidiary 
under which the Issuer or 
the respective Subsidiary 
may request the issue of a 
bank guarantee or bank 
guarantees in favour of a 
person who agrees to pur-
chase a Real Estate Prop-
erty owned by the Issuer or 
a Subsidiary; 
 
 
 
Derivategeschäften, die zur 
Absicherung oder Spekula-
tion im Hinblick auf Zins- 
oder 
Preisschwankungen 
abgeschlossen werden (wo-
bei bei der Berechnung des 
Wertes eines Derivatege-
schäfts nur der Marktwert 
(mark to market value) zu 
berücksichtigen ist); 
 
 
any derivative transaction 
entered into in connection 
with protection against or 
benefit from fluctuation in 
any rate or price (and, when 
calculating the value of any 
derivative transaction, only 
the mark to market value 
shall be taken into ac-
count);

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
einer 
Gegenverpflichtung 
zur Freistellung in Bezug auf 
eine Bürgschaft, eine Frei-
stellungsverpflichtung, eine 
Garantie, ein Garantie- oder 
Dokumentenakkreditiv oder 
ein anderes von einer Bank 
oder einem Finanzinstitut 
ausgestelltes 
Instrument; 
und 
 
any counter-indemnity obli-
gation in respect of a guar-
antee, 
indemnity, 
bond, 
standby or documentary let-
ter of credit or any other in-
strument issued by a bank 
or financial institution; and 
 
 
 Verbindlichkeiten aus einer 
Garantie, Bürgschaft oder 
Freistellungsverpflichtung in 
Bezug auf Verbindlichkeiten 
der in den vorstehenden Ab-
sätzen (i) bis (vii) genannten 
Art, 
 the amount of any liability in 
respect of any guarantee or 
indemnity for any of the 
items referred to in para-
graphs (i) to (vii) above, 
 
 
jeweils nur falls und soweit der je-
weilige Betrag oder die jeweilige 
Verpflichtung nach IFRS als "Ver-
bindlichkeit" erfasst wird. 
in each such case only if and to the 
extent the relevant amount or obli-
gation is recorded as "indebted-
ness" in accordance with IFRS. 
 
 
Gruppe bezeichnet die Emittentin 
und ihre Tochtergesellschaften. 
Group means the Issuer together 
with its Subsidiaries. 
 
 
IFRS bezeichnet die in der EU an-
wendbaren International Financial 
Reporting Standards des Internati-
onal Accounting Standard Board in 
jeweils geltender Fassung. 
IFRS means the International Fi-
nancial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the European Union 
and as published by the Interna-
tional 
Accounting 
Standards 
Board, as in effect from time to 
time. 
 
 
Immobilienvermögen bezeichnet 
(unter Ausschluss einer Doppelbe-
rücksichtigung) das im Konzernab-
schluss der Emittentin in den Bilanz-
positionen "Renditeliegenschaften", 
"Sachanlagen", 
"Immobilien 
des 
Vorratsvermögens" und "zur Veräu-
ßerung 
bestimmtes 
langfristiges 
Vermögen" zum unmittelbar voraus-
gehendenden Berichtsstichtag, zu 
dem ein Konzernabschluss der 
Emittentin veröffentlicht worden ist, 
angesetzte oder nach IFRS seit dem 
unmittelbar vorangegangenen Be-
richtsstichtag, zu dem ein Konzern-
abschluss der Emittentin veröffent-
licht worden ist, anzusetzende Im-
mobilienvermögen der Emittentin 
und der Tochtergesellschaften. 
Real Estate Property means (with-
out duplication) the real estate prop-
erty of the Issuer and the Subsidiar-
ies that is recognised as of the im-
mediately preceding Reporting Date 
for which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have been 
published, or is required to be rec-
ognised in accordance with IFRS 
since the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consoli-
dated Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published, in the 
balance sheet items "investment 
properties", "Property, plant and 
equipment", "property held as inven-
tory" and "non-current assets held 
for sale" of the Consolidated Finan-
cial Statements of the Issuer.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
Konsolidierte 
Nettofinanzver-
bindlichkeiten bezeichnet die nach 
IFRS 
ermittelten 
Nettofinanzver-
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin und ih-
rer Tochtergesellschaften auf kon-
solidierter Basis als die Summe von 
"Verbindlichkeiten gegenüber Kre-
ditinstituten", "Verbindlichkeiten aus 
Unternehmensanleihen und sons-
tige Darlehen" und "Verbindlichkei-
ten aus Wandelanleihen", abzüglich 
"Liquide Mittel" (jeweils wie im Kon-
zernabschluss der Emittentin aus-
gewiesen). 
Consolidated Net Financial In-
debtedness means the net financial 
indebtedness of the Issuer and any 
of its Subsidiaries, on a consoli-
dated basis determined in accord-
ance with IFRS as the sum of "liabil-
ities to banks", "liabilities from cor-
porate bonds and other loans" and 
"liabilities from convertible bonds", 
less "cash and cash equivalents" 
(each as shown in the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer). 
 
 
Konsolidiertes 
Bereinigtes 
EBITDA bezeichnet den unter der 
Überschrift "EBIT" angegebenen 
Zahlenwert bereinigt um (i) die "Fair-
Value Änderungen von Renditelie-
genschaften und Bewertung von 
Vorratsimmobilien" (mit Ausnahme 
von Fair-Value Änderungen von in 
Polen zur Veräußerung gehaltenen 
Immobilien), (ii) das "Verkaufser-
gebnis Vorratsimmobilien (Deutsch-
land)", (iii) "Abschreibungen", (iv) 
das "Ergebnis aus Verkäufen von 
Renditeliegenschaften", (v) die Pro-
jektkosten mit Einmalcharakter und 
andere außerordentliche sowie peri-
odenfremde Aufwendungen und Er-
träge, (vi) Effekte aus Kaufpreisallo-
kationen im Verkaufsergebnis Polen 
zuzüglich (vii) der um Effekte aus 
Kaufpreisallokationen 
bereinigten 
Ergebnisse aus Joint Ventures im 
Verkaufsgeschäft in Polen. 
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 
means the number set out in the 
item "EBIT" adjusted for (i) "fair 
value changes in investment proper-
ties and valuation of properties held 
as inventory" (except for fair value 
changes of properties held for sale 
in Poland), (ii) "Net income from the 
sale of inventories (Germany)", 
(iii) "depreciation", 
(iv) "gains 
/ 
losses from the disposal of invest-
ment properties", (v) non-recurring 
project costs and other extraordi-
nary and prior-period expenses and 
income, (vi) effects from the pur-
chase price allocation in the sales 
Poland plus (vii) results from joint 
ventures in the sales business in 
Poland, adjusted for purchase price 
allocation. 
 
 
Konzernabschluss bezeichnet in 
Bezug auf eine Person den nach 
IFRS erstellten Konzernabschluss 
mit Anhang und Lagebericht für 
diese Person und ihre Tochterun-
ternehmen 
sowie 
Konzern-
zwischenabschlüsse und Quartals-
mitteilungen (zum relevanten Zeit-
punkt). 
Consolidated Financial State-
ments means, with respect to any 
Person, the consolidated financial 
statements and notes to those fi-
nancial statements and the group 
management report of that Person 
and its subsidiaries prepared in ac-
cordance with IFRS as well as in-
terim consolidated financial state-
ments and quarterly statements 
(as of the relevant date). 
 
 
Neue 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
bezeichnet den Betrag der einge-
gangenen Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
abzüglich (i) des Betrags der 
New 
Financial 
Indebtedness 
means the amount of Financial In-
debtedness incurred minus (i) the 
amount of Financial Indebtedness

--- Page 206 ---
206 
zurückgezahlten 
Finanzverbind-
lichkeiten und (ii) "Liquide Mittel" 
(jeweils nach IFRS ermittelt). 
repaid and (ii) "cash and cash 
equivalents" (each as determined 
in accordance with IFRS). 
 
Neue Besicherte Finanzverbind-
lichkeiten bezeichnet den Betrag 
der eingegangenen Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten abzüglich 
des Betrags der zurückgezahlten 
Besicherten Finanzverbindlichkei-
ten (jeweils nach IFRS ermittelt).  
New Secured Financial Indebt-
edness means the amount of Se-
cured Financial Indebtedness in-
curred minus the amount of Se-
cured Financial Indebtedness re-
paid (each as determined in ac-
cordance with IFRS).  
 
 
Person bezeichnet natürliche Per-
sonen, Körperschaften, Personen-
gesellschaften, 
Joint 
Ventures, 
Vereinigungen, Aktiengesellschaf-
ten, Trusts, nicht rechtsfähige Ver-
einigungen, Gesellschaften mit be-
schränkter Haftung, staatliche Stel-
len (oder Behörden oder Gebiets-
körperschaften) 
oder 
sonstige 
Rechtsträger.  
Person means any individual, cor-
poration, partnership, joint venture, 
association, joint stock company, 
trust, unincorporated organisation, 
limited liability company or govern-
ment (or any agency or political 
subdivision thereof) or any other 
entity.  
 
 
Sicherungsrecht bezeichnet (un-
ter Ausschluss einer Doppelbe-
rücksichtigung) Sicherungsrechte, 
Grundpfandrechte, 
Sicherung-
Treuhandverträge, Sicherungsur-
kunden, 
Verpfändungsverträge, 
Sicherungsabtretungen, 
Siche-
rungsübereignungen, 
Hinterle-
gungsvereinbarungen oder sons-
tige Sicherungsabreden, ausge-
nommen Rechte zur Aufrechnung, 
jedoch u. a. einschließlich bedingte 
Kaufverträge oder Vereinbarungen 
unter Eigentumsvorbehalt, Finan-
zierungsleasingverträge, die wirt-
schaftlich im Wesentlichen den 
vorgenannten 
Vereinbarungen 
gleichkommen, 
sowie 
sonstige 
Vereinbarungen, die ein dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht gewähren oder 
übertragen und zwar einer Person, 
die nicht Mitglied der Gruppe ist, je-
weils zur Besicherung ausstehen-
der Finanzverbindlichkeiten, je-
doch keine  
Lien means (without duplication) 
any lien, mortgage, trust deed, 
deed of trust, deed, pledge, secu-
rity interest, assignment for collat-
eral purposes, deposit arrange-
ment, or other security agreement, 
excluding any right of setoff but in-
cluding, without limitation, any con-
ditional sale or other title retention 
agreement, any financing lease 
having substantially the same eco-
nomic effect as any of the forego-
ing, and any other like agreement 
granting or conveying a security in-
terest in rem to a Person that is not 
a member of the Group, in each 
case to secure outstanding Finan-
cial Indebtedness, but in each case 
excluding  
 
 
 
in Abteilung 2 eines deut-
schen Grundbuchs eingetra-
genen Belastungen;  
 
any 
encumbrance 
regis-
tered in department 2 of the 
German land register;  
 
 
 
Sicherungsrechte, die im 
Zusammenhang mit der Ver-
äußerung 
eines 
 
any lien arising in connec-
tion with a disposal of an as-
set in the ordinary course of

--- Page 207 ---
207 
Vermögenswerts im Rah-
men der gewöhnlichen Ge-
schäftstätigkeit 
entstehen, 
u. a. Sicherungsrechte an 
Vermögenswerten, die Ge-
genstand 
eines 
Kaufver-
trags sind, zur Finanzierung 
des Kaufpreises;  
business including, without 
limitation, any lien created in 
assets subject to a sale 
agreement for the purposes 
of financing the purchase 
price;  
 
 
Sicherungsrechte, für die 
dem maßgeblichen Mitglied 
der Gruppe eine unbedingte 
Löschungsbewilligung über-
mittelt wurde;  
 
any lien in respect of which 
an unconditional deletion 
consent has been delivered 
to the relevant member of 
the Group;  
 
 
 
Sicherungsrechte, die kraft 
Gesetzes (oder kraft einer 
Vereinbarung mit derselben 
Wirkung) oder im Rahmen 
der 
gewöhnlichen 
Ge-
schäftstätigkeit entstehen;  
 
any lien arising by operation 
of law (or by agreement hav-
ing the same effect) or in the 
ordinary course of business;  
 
 
 
Barsicherheiten, die im Zu-
sammenhang 
mit 
Wäh-
rungs- 
und 
Zinsabsiche-
rungsgeschäften 
gestellt 
werden; und 
 
any cash collateral posted in 
connection with cross-cur-
rency 
and 
interest 
rate 
hedging transactions; and 
 
 
 
Sicherungsrechte an Bank-
konten nach Maßgabe der 
allgemeinen 
Geschäftsbe-
dingungen des Anbieters 
von Bankkonten.  
 
any lien on bank accounts 
under general terms and 
conditions of any provider of 
bank accounts.  
 
 
Summe Aktiva bezeichnet den 
Wert der konsolidierten Bilanz-
summe der Emittentin und der 
Tochtergesellschaften, der in einer 
nach IFRS erstellten konsolidierten 
Bilanz der Emittentin erscheint 
oder erscheinen würde, wobei die 
"Summe Aktiva" die Zuflüsse aus 
den einzugehenden Finanzver-
bindlichkeiten einschließt.  
Total Assets means the value of 
the consolidated total assets of the 
Issuer and the Subsidiaries, as 
such amount appears, or would 
appear, on a consolidated balance 
sheet of the Issuer prepared in ac-
cordance with IFRS, provided that 
"Total Assets" shall include the 
proceeds of the Financial Indebt-
edness to be incurred.  
 
 
Zahlungswirksames 
Zinsergeb-
nis bezeichnet alle in der konsoli-
dierten Gewinn- und Verlustrech-
nung in den Zeilen “Sonstiges Fi-
nanzergebnis”, “Zinsertrag” oder 
"Zinsaufwand" erfassten, an Perso-
nen, die nicht Mitglied der Gruppe 
sind, aufgelaufenen, bar zu zahlen-
den Zinsen und sonstigen Finanzie-
rungskosten abzüglich des Betrags 
aller durch Mitglieder der Gruppe 
von Personen, die nicht Mitglied der 
Net Cash Interest means all cash 
interest 
and 
other 
financing 
charges, which are recognised in 
the consolidated income statement 
in the lines "net income from invest-
ments", "interest income" or "inter-
est expense", accrued to persons 
who are not members of the Group 
less the amount of any interest and 
other financing charges accrued to 
be received by members of the 
Group from persons who are not

--- Page 208 ---
208 
Gruppe sind, zu erhaltenden und 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen und sonsti-
gen Finanzierungskosten, jeweils 
ausgenommen einmalige Finanzie-
rungskosten (u. a. einmalige Ent-
gelte 
und/oder 
Vorfälligkeitsent-
schädigungen). 
members of the Group, in each 
case, excluding any one-off financ-
ing charges (including without limita-
tion, any one-off fees and/or break 
costs). 
 
 Bekanntmachungen 
 Notices 
 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
ver-
schrei-
bungen, 
die an der 
Luxem-
burger 
Börse no-
tiert sind, 
ist 
Fol-
gendes 
anwend-
bar: 
 
Veröffentlichungen. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffen-
den Mitteilungen erfolgen durch 
elektronische Publikation auf der 
Internetseite 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse (www.luxse.com). Jede Mit-
teilung gilt am dritten Tag nach 
dem Tag der Veröffentlichung als 
wirksam erfolgt. 
 
Publications. All notices concerning 
the Notes will be made by means of 
electronic publication on the inter-
net website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Any notice so given will be deemed 
to have been validly given on the 
third day following the date of such 
publication. 
In 
the 
case of 
Notes 
which 
are 
listed on 
the 
Luxem-
bourg 
Stock 
Ex-
change, 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsys-
tem. Solange Schuldverschreibun-
gen an der Luxemburger Börse 
(Bourse de Luxembourg) am Re-
gulierten Markt zugelassen sind, 
findet § 12 Absatz (a) Anwendung. 
Soweit die Regeln der Luxembur-
ger Börse dies zulassen, kann die 
Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung 
nach § 12 Absatz (a) durch eine 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System 
zur Weiterleitung an die Anleihe-
gläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System als den Anlei-
hegläubigern mitgeteilt. 
 
Notification to Clearing System. So 
long as any Notes are listed on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxem-
bourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de 
Luxembourg), § 12(a) shall apply. If 
the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so permit, the Issuer 
may deliver the relevant notice to 
the Clearing System for communi-
cation by the Clearing System to 
the Noteholders, in lieu of publica-
tion as set forth in § 12(a) above; 
any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been validly given on the fifth 
day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to the Clearing 
System. 
 
 
 
 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
ver-
schrei-
bungen, 
die nicht 
auf 
Veran-
lassung 
der Emit-
tentin an 
einer 
Börse no-
tiert sind, 
ist 
Fol-
gendes 
 Veröffentlichungen. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffen-
den Mitteilungen erfolgen durch 
elektronische Publikation auf der 
Internetseite 
der 
Emittentin 
(www.tag-ag.com). Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt im Zeitpunkt der so 
erfolgten Veröffentlichung seitens 
der Emittentin als wirksam erfolgt. 
 
Publications. All notices concerning 
the Notes will be made by means of 
electronic publication on the inter-
net website of the Issuer (www.tag-
ag.com). Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given when 
so published by the Issuer. 
In 
the 
case of 
Notes 
which 
are 
not 
listed at 
the initi-
ative of 
the 
Is-
suer, the 
follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 Mitteilungen an das Clearingsys-
tem. Die Emittentin wird zusätzlich 
alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen an das 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung 
 
Notification to Clearing System. In 
addition, the Issuer shall deliver all 
notices concerning the Notes to the 
Clearing System for communica-
tion by the Clearing System to the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
anwend-
bar: 
an die Anleihegläubiger übermit-
teln. 
 
[(c)][(d)] 
Mitteilungen 
eines 
Anlei-
hegläubigers. Mitteilungen, 
die von einem Anleihegläu-
biger gemacht werden, müs-
sen schriftlich erfolgen und 
zusammen mit dem Nach-
weis seiner Inhaberschaft 
gemäß § 14(c)(a) an die 
Emissionsstelle geleitet wer-
den. Eine solche Mitteilung 
kann über das Clearingsys-
tem in der von der Emissi-
onsstelle und dem Clearing-
system dafür vorgesehenen 
Weise erfolgen. 
[(c)][(d)] 
Notices by a Noteholder. No-
tices to be given by any 
Noteholder shall be made in 
written form together with an 
evidence of the Noteholder's 
entitlement in accordance 
with § 14(c)(a) to the Fiscal 
Agent. Such notice may be 
given through the Clearing 
System in such manner as 
the Fiscal Agent and the 
Clearing System may ap-
prove for such purpose. 
 
 
 Begebung weiterer Schuldver-
schreibungen 
 Further Issues 
 
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das 
Recht vor, ohne Zustimmung der 
Anleihegläubiger weitere Schuld-
verschreibungen mit gleicher Aus-
stattung (gegebenenfalls mit Aus-
nahme des Tages der Begebung, 
des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder 
des Ausgabepreises) wie die vor-
liegenden Schuldverschreibungen 
zu begeben, so dass sie mit diesen 
eine einheitliche Serie bilden. Der 
Begriff 
Schuldverschreibungen 
umfasst im Fall einer solchen wei-
teren Begebung auch solche zu-
sätzlich 
begebenen 
Schuldver-
schreibungen. [Im Falle von elekt-
ronischen Schuldverschreibun-
gen einfügen: Die bei einer Auf-
stockung gemäß diesem § 13 zur 
Änderung des Inhalts des Zentral-
wertpapierregisters 
hinsichtlich 
des Gesamtnennbetrags der durch 
das Zentralregisterwertpapier ver-
brieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß § 14 Abs. 1 Satz 1 Nr. 1 
eWpG 
erforderliche 
entspre-
chende Weisung der Inhaberin an 
die Zentralregisterführerin gilt im 
Fall dieses § 13 als erteilt.] 
 
The Issuer reserves the right from 
time to time, without the consent of 
the Noteholders to issue additional 
notes with identical terms and con-
ditions as the Notes in all respects 
(or in all respects except for the 
date of issue, the interest com-
mencement date and/or the issue 
price) so as to be consolidated and 
form a single series with such 
Notes. The term Notes shall, in the 
event of such further issue, also 
comprise such further notes. [In 
the case of Electronic Notes in-
sert: The corresponding instruc-
tion pursuant to Section 14(1) sen-
tence 1 no. 1 eWpG of the holder 
(Inhaber) to the Central Registrar to 
change the Central Securities Reg-
ister regarding the aggregate prin-
cipal amount of Notes represented 
by the Central Register Security fol-
lowing any further issue under this 
§ 13 shall be deemed to have been 
given in the case of this § 13.] 
 
 
 Anwendbares Recht, Erfüllungs-
ort und Gerichtsstand  
 Applicable Law, Place of Perfor-
mance and Jurisdiction 
 
 
 
Geltendes Recht. Form und Inhalt 
der Schuldverschreibungen sowie 
 
Applicable law. The form and con-
tent of the Notes as well as all the

--- Page 210 ---
210 
alle 
sich 
daraus 
ergebenden 
Rechte und Pflichten bestimmen 
sich ausschließlich nach dem 
Recht 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland.  
rights and duties arising therefrom 
are governed exclusively by the 
laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany.  
 
 
Gerichtsstand. Vorbehaltlich eines 
zwingenden Gerichtsstandes für 
besondere Rechtsstreitigkeiten im 
Zusammenhang mit dem Gesetz 
über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldver-
schreibungsgesetz – SchVG) in 
seiner jeweiligen gültigen Fassung 
(SchVG), ist nicht-ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand für alle sich aus den 
in diesen Anleihebedingungen ge-
regelten Rechtsverhältnissen er-
gebenden Rechtsstreitigkeiten mit 
der Emittentin (Rechtsstreitigkei-
ten) Frankfurt am Main. 
 
Jurisdiction. Subject to any exclu-
sive court of venue for specific legal 
proceedings in connection with the 
German Act on Issues of Debt Se-
curities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schul-
dverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen) 
(Schul-
dverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG), 
as amended from time to time 
(SchVG), non-exclusive court of 
venue for all litigation with the Is-
suer arising from the legal relations 
established in these Terms and 
Conditions 
(Proceedings) 
is 
Frankfurt am Main. 
 
 
Für Entscheidungen gemäß § 9 
Absatz 2, § 13 Absatz 3 und § 18 
Absatz 2 SchVG ist gemäß § 9 Ab-
satz 3 SchVG das Amtsgericht zu-
ständig, in dessen Bezirk die Emit-
tentin ihren Sitz hat. Für Entschei-
dungen über die Anfechtung von 
Beschlüssen der Anleihegläubiger 
ist gemäß § 20 Absatz 3 SchVG 
das Landgericht ausschließlich zu-
ständig, in dessen Bezirk die Emit-
tentin ihren Sitz hat. 
The local court (Amtsgericht) in the 
district where the Issuer has its reg-
istered office will have jurisdiction 
for all judgments pursuant to § 9(2), 
§ 13(3) and § 18(2) SchVG in ac-
cordance with § 9(3) SchVG. The 
regional court (Landgericht) in the 
district where the Issuer has its reg-
istered office will have exclusive ju-
risdiction for all judgments over 
contested resolutions by Notehold-
ers in accordance with § 20(3) 
SchVG. 
 
 
 
Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Je-
der Anleihegläubiger ist berechtigt, 
in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen 
die Emittentin oder in jeder Rechts-
streitigkeit, in dem der Anleihegläu-
biger und die Emittentin Partei 
sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eige-
nen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage zu schützen oder gel-
tend zu machen: 
 
Enforcement. Any Noteholder may 
in any Proceedings against the Is-
suer, or to which such Noteholder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect 
and enforce in its own name its 
rights arising under such Notes on 
the basis of 
 
 
 
indem er eine Bescheini-
gung der Depotbank bei-
bringt, bei der er für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, 
welche 
 
a statement issued by the 
Custodian with which such 
Noteholder maintains a se-
curities account in respect of 
the Notes

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
den vollständigen Na-
men und die vollstän-
dige Adresse des An-
leihegläubigers 
an-
gibt, 
 
stating the full name 
and address of the 
Noteholder, 
 
 
 
den Gesamtnennbe-
trag der Schuldver-
schreibungen 
be-
zeichnet, die zum Da-
tum der Bescheini-
gung auf dem Wert-
papierdepot verbucht 
sind, und 
 
specifying the aggre-
gate principal amount 
of Notes credited to 
such securities ac-
count on the date of 
such statement, and 
 
 
 
bestätigt, 
dass 
die 
Depotbank 
gegen-
über dem maßgebli-
chen Clearingsystem 
eine schriftliche Erklä-
rung bezüglich der 
Absicht 
des 
Anlei-
hegläubigers, 
seine 
Ansprüche unmittel-
bar geltend zu ma-
chen, abgegeben hat, 
(I) die die vorstehend 
unter (A) und (B) be-
zeichneten Informati-
onen enthält, (II) de-
ren 
Empfang 
vom 
Clearingsystem 
be-
stätigt wurde, und (III) 
die vom Clearing Sys-
tem an die Depotbank 
zurückgeschickt 
wurde, und 
 
confirming 
that 
the 
Custodian has given 
written notice to the 
relevant Clearing Sys-
tem of the intention of 
the Noteholder to en-
force claims directly 
which (I) contains the 
information pursuant 
to (A) and (B), (II) has 
been 
acknowledged 
by the Clearing Sys-
tem, and (III) has been 
returned by the Clear-
ing System to the Cus-
todian, and 
 
 
 
[im Falle von körperlich 
verbrieften 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
einfügen: 
indem er eine Kopie der die 
Schuldverschreibungen ver-
briefenden 
Globalurkunde 
vorlegt, deren Übereinstim-
mung mit dem Original eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Per-
son des Clearingsystems 
oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems 
bestätigt 
hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage 
der Originalbelege oder der 
die Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalur-
kunde in einem solchen Ver-
fahren erforderlich wäre] [im 
Falle von elektronischen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
 
[in the case of Physical 
Notes, insert: a copy of the 
Global Note representing the 
Notes certified as being a 
true copy by a duly author-
ised officer of the Clearing 
System or a depository of the 
Clearing System, without the 
need for production in such 
Proceedings of the actual 
records or the Global Note 
representing the Notes] [in 
the case of Electronic 
Notes insert: an excerpt of 
the Central Securities Regis-
ter].

--- Page 212 ---
212 
einfügen: er legt einen Aus-
zug aus dem Zentralwertpa-
pierregister vor]. 
 
In diesen Anleihebedingungen be-
zeichnet Depotbank jede Bank 
oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Fi-
nanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu betreiben und bei der/dem der 
Anleihegläubiger ein Wertpapier-
depot für die Schuldverschreibun-
gen unterhält, einschließlich des 
Clearingsystems. 
Unbeschadet 
des Vorstehenden kann jeder An-
leihegläubiger seine Rechte aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen auch 
auf jede andere Weise schützen 
oder geltend machen, die in dem 
Land, in dem die Rechtsstreitigkeit 
geführt wird, prozessual zulässig 
ist. 
In these Terms and Conditions, 
Custodian means any bank or 
other financial institution of recog-
nised standing authorised to en-
gage in securities custody business 
with which the Noteholder main-
tains a securities account in respect 
of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Noteholder 
may, without prejudice to the fore-
going, protect and enforce its rights 
under these Notes also in any other 
way which is admitted in the coun-
try of the Proceedings. 
 
 
 Änderung der Anleihebedingun-
gen; Gemeinsamer Vertreter  
 Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions; Joint Representative  
 
 
Änderung der Anleihebedingun-
gen. Die Emittentin kann die Anlei-
hebedingungen mit Zustimmung 
aufgrund 
Mehrheitsbeschlusses 
der Anleihegläubiger nach Maß-
gabe der §§ 5 ff. SchVG ändern. 
Eine Änderung der Anleihebedin-
gungen ohne Zustimmung der 
Emittentin scheidet aus. 
 
Amendment of the Terms and Con-
ditions. The Issuer may amend the 
Terms and Conditions with the con-
sent of a majority resolution of the 
Noteholders pursuant to §§ 5 et 
seq. of the SchVG. There will be no 
amendment of the Terms and Con-
ditions without the Issuer's consent. 
 
Die Anleihegläubiger können ins-
besondere einer Änderung we-
sentlicher Inhalte der Anleihebe-
dingungen, einschließlich der in 
§ 5 Absatz 3 SchVG vorgesehe-
nen Maßnahmen mit Ausnahme 
der Ersetzung der Emittentin, die in 
§ 10 abschließend geregelt ist, mit 
den in dem nachstehenden § 14(b) 
genannten Mehrheiten zustimmen. 
Ein 
ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle An-
leihegläubiger verbindlich. 
In particular, the Noteholders may 
consent to amendments which ma-
terially change the substance of the 
Terms and Conditions, including 
such measures as provided for un-
der § 5(3) of the SchVG, but ex-
cluding a substitution of the Issuer, 
which is exclusively subject to the 
provisions in § 10, by resolutions 
passed by such majority of the 
votes of the Noteholders as stated 
under § 14(b) below. A duly passed 
majority resolution will be binding 
upon all Noteholders. 
 
 
 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehalt-
lich des nachstehenden Satzes 
und der Erreichung der erforderli-
chen Beschlussfähigkeit, beschlie-
ßen die Anleihegläubiger mit der 
 
Majority requirements. Except as 
provided by the following sentence 
and provided that the quorum re-
quirements are being met, the 
Noteholders may pass resolutions

--- Page 213 ---
213 
einfachen Mehrheit der an der Ab-
stimmung teilnehmenden Stimm-
rechte. Beschlüsse, durch welche 
der wesentliche Inhalt der Anlei-
hebedingungen, insbesondere in 
den Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Num-
mer 1 bis 9 SchVG, geändert wird, 
bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit ei-
ner Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % 
der an der Abstimmung teilneh-
menden 
Stimmrechte 
(Qualifi-
zierte Mehrheit). Das Stimmrecht 
ruht, solange die Schuldverschrei-
bungen der Emittentin oder einem 
mit ihr verbundenen Unternehmen 
(§ 271 Absatz 2 HGB) zustehen 
oder für Rechnung der Emittentin 
oder eines mit ihr verbundenen Un-
ternehmens gehalten werden. 
by simple majority of the voting 
rights participating in the vote. Res-
olutions which materially change 
the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions, in particular in the 
cases of § 5(3) numbers 1 through 
9 of the SchVG, may only be 
passed by a majority of at least 
75 per cent. of the voting rights par-
ticipating in the vote (Qualified Ma-
jority). The voting right is sus-
pended as long as any Notes are 
attributable to the Issuer or any of 
its affiliates (within the meaning of 
§ 271(2) of the German Commer-
cial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch)) or 
are being held for the account of the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
 
 
Beschlüsse. Beschlüsse der Anlei-
hegläubiger werden entweder in ei-
ner Gläubigerversammlung nach 
§ 14(c)(i) oder im Wege der Ab-
stimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
nach § 14(c)(ii) getroffen, die von 
der Emittentin oder einem gemein-
samen Vertreter einberufen wird.  
 
Resolutions. Resolutions of the 
Noteholders will be made either in 
a Noteholders' meeting in accord-
ance with § 14(c)(i) or by means of 
a vote without a meeting (Abstim-
mung ohne Versammlung) in ac-
cordance with § 14(c)(ii), in either 
case convened by the Issuer or a 
joint representative, if any.  
 
 
 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Anleihe-
gläubiger im Rahmen einer 
Gläubigerversammlung wer-
den nach §§ 9 ff. SchVG ge-
troffen. Die Einberufung der 
Gläubigerversammlung re-
gelt die weiteren Einzelhei-
ten der Beschlussfassung 
und der Abstimmung. Mit 
der Einberufung der Gläubi-
gerversammlung werden in 
der Tagesordnung die Be-
schlussgegenstände sowie 
die 
Vorschläge 
zur 
Be-
schlussfassung den Anlei-
hegläubigern bekannt gege-
ben.  
 
Resolutions of the Notehold-
ers in a Noteholders' meeting 
will be made in accordance 
with §§ 9 et seq. of the 
SchVG. The convening no-
tice of a Noteholders' meet-
ing will provide the further 
details relating to the resolu-
tions and the voting proce-
dure. The subject matter of 
the vote as well as the pro-
posed resolutions will be no-
tified to Noteholders in the 
agenda of the meeting.  
 
 
 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Anleihe-
gläubiger im Wege der Ab-
stimmung ohne Versamm-
lung 
werden 
nach 
§ 18 
SchVG getroffen. Die Auffor-
derung zur Stimmabgabe 
durch den Abstimmungslei-
ter regelt die weiteren Ein-
zelheiten der Beschlussfas-
sung und der Abstimmung. 
 
Resolutions of the Notehold-
ers by means of a voting not 
requiring a physical meeting 
(Abstimmung ohne Versa-
mmlung) will be made in ac-
cordance § 18 of the SchVG. 
The request for voting as 
submitted by the chairperson 
(Abstimmungsleiter) will pro-
vide 
the 
further 
details

--- Page 214 ---
214 
Mit der Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe werden die 
Beschlussgegenstände so-
wie die Vorschläge zur Be-
schlussfassung den Anlei-
hegläubigern bekannt gege-
ben. 
relating to the resolutions 
and the voting procedure. 
The subject matter of the 
vote as well as the proposed 
resolutions will be notified to 
Noteholders together with 
the request for voting. 
 
 
Zweite 
Gläubigerversammlung. 
Wird die Beschlussfähigkeit bei der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung 
nach § 14(c)(ii) nicht festgestellt, 
kann der Abstimmungsleiter eine 
Gläubigerversammlung 
einberu-
fen, welche als zweite Gläubiger-
versammlung im Sinne des § 15(3) 
Satz 3 SchVG gilt. 
 
Second noteholders' meeting. If it is 
ascertained that no quorum exists 
for the vote without meeting pursu-
ant to § 14(c)(ii), the chairperson 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene 
a meeting, which shall be deemed 
to be a second meeting within the 
meaning of § 15(3) sentence 3 of 
the SchVG. 
 
 
 
Anmeldung. Die Stimmrechtsaus-
übung ist von einer vorherigen An-
meldung der Anleihegläubiger ab-
hängig. Die Anmeldung muss bis 
zum dritten Tag vor der Gläubiger-
versammlung im Falle einer Gläu-
bigerversammlung 
(wie 
in 
§ 14(c)(i) oder § 14(d) beschrie-
ben) bzw. vor dem Beginn des Ab-
stimmungszeitraums im Falle einer 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung 
(wie in § 14(c)(ii) beschrieben) un-
ter der in der Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe angegebenen An-
schrift zugehen. Zusammen mit 
der Anmeldung müssen Anleihe-
gläubiger den Nachweis ihrer Be-
rechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung durch eine besondere 
Bescheinigung ihrer jeweiligen De-
potbank in Textform und die Vor-
lage eines Sperrvermerks der De-
potbank erbringen, aus dem her-
vorgeht, 
dass 
die 
relevanten 
Schuldverschreibungen für den 
Zeitraum vom Tag der Absendung 
der Anmeldung (einschließlich) bis 
zu dem angegebenen Ende der 
Versammlung (einschließlich) bzw. 
dem Ende des Abstimmungszeit-
raums (einschließlich) nicht über-
tragen werden können. 
 
Registration. The exercise of voting 
rights is subject to the registration 
of the Noteholders. The registration 
must be received at the address 
stated in the request for voting no 
later than the third day prior to the 
meeting in the case of a Notehold-
ers' meeting (as described in 
§ 14(c)(i) or § 14(d)) or the begin-
ning of the voting period in the case 
of voting not requiring a physical 
meeting 
(as 
described 
in 
§ 14(c)(ii)), as the case may be. As 
part of the registration, Noteholders 
must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of 
a special confirmation of their re-
spective Custodian hereof in text 
form and by submission of a block-
ing instruction by the Custodian 
stating that the relevant Notes are 
not transferable from and including 
the day such registration has been 
sent until and including the stated 
end of the meeting or day the voting 
period ends, as the case may be. 
 
 
 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. Die Anlei-
hegläubiger können durch Mehr-
heitsbeschluss die Bestellung und 
Abberufung eines gemeinsamen 
Vertreters, die Aufgaben und Be-
fugnisse des gemeinsamen Vertre-
ters, die Übertragung von Rechten 
 
Joint representative. The Notehold-
ers may by majority resolution pro-
vide for the appointment or dismis-
sal of a joint representative, the du-
ties and responsibilities and the 
powers of such joint representative, 
the transfer of the rights of the

--- Page 215 ---
215 
der Anleihegläubiger auf den ge-
meinsamen Vertreter und eine Be-
schränkung der Haftung des ge-
meinsamen Vertreters bestimmen. 
Die Bestellung eines gemeinsa-
men Vertreters bedarf einer Quali-
fizierten Mehrheit, wenn er er-
mächtigt wird, wesentlichen Ände-
rungen der Anleihebedingungen 
gemäß § 14(a) zuzustimmen. 
Noteholders to the joint representa-
tive and a limitation of liability of the 
joint representative. Appointment of 
a joint representative may only be 
passed by a Qualified Majority if 
such joint representative is to be 
authorised to consent to a material 
change in the substance of the 
Terms and Conditions in accord-
ance with § 14(a) hereof. 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die 
Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche 
ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
Mehr-
heitsbeschluss eingeräumt wur-
den. Er hat die Weisungen der An-
leihegläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit 
er zur Geltendmachung von Rech-
ten der Anleihegläubiger ermäch-
tigt ist, sind die einzelnen Anleihe-
gläubiger zur selbständigen Gel-
tendmachung dieser Rechte nicht 
befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheits-
beschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich 
vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der 
gemeinsame Vertreter den Anlei-
hegläubigern zu berichten. Für die 
Abberufung und die sonstigen 
Rechte und Pflichten des gemein-
samen Vertreters gelten die Vor-
schriften des SchVG. 
The joint representative shall have 
the duties and powers provided by 
law or granted by majority resolu-
tions of the Noteholders. The joint 
representative shall comply with 
the instructions of the Noteholders. 
To the extent that the joint repre-
sentative has been authorised to 
assert certain rights of the Note-
holders, the Noteholders shall not 
be entitled to assert such rights 
themselves, unless explicitly pro-
vided for in the relevant majority 
resolution. The joint representative 
shall provide reports to the Note-
holders on its activities. The regula-
tions of the SchVG apply with re-
gard to the recall and the other 
rights and obligations of the joint 
representative. 
 
 
Die Haftung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache 
seiner jährlichen Vergütung be-
schränkt, es sei denn, dem ge-
meinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz 
oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last. 
Unless the joint representative is li-
able for wilful misconduct (Vorsatz) 
or gross negligence (grobe Fahr-
lässigkeit), the joint representa-
tive's liability shall be limited to ten 
times the amount of its annual re-
muneration. 
 
 
 
Bekanntmachungen. Bekanntma-
chungen betreffend diesen § 14 er-
folgen gemäß den §§ 5ff. SchVG 
sowie nach § 12. 
 
Notices. Any notices concerning 
this § 14 will be made in accord-
ance with §§ 5 et seq. of the SchVG 
and § 12. 
 
 
 
Garantie. Die oben aufgeführten 
auf die Änderung der Emissionsbe-
dingungen anwendbaren Bestim-
mungen finden sinngemäß auf die 
Bestimmungen der Garantie ge-
mäß § 10(a)(iv) Anwendung. 
 
Guarantee. The provisions set out 
above applicable to the amend-
ment of the Terms and Conditions 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to the 
guarantee under § 10(a)(iv). 
 
 
 Sprache 
 Language

--- Page 216 ---
216 
Falls die 
Anlei-
hebedin-
gungen in 
deut-
scher 
Sprache 
mit einer 
Überset-
zung 
in 
die engli-
sche 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
ist 
Folgen-
des 
an-
wendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst. 
Eine Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deut-
sche Text ist bindend und maßgeb-
lich. Die Übersetzung in die engli-
sche Sprache ist unverbindlich. 
These Terms and Conditions are 
written in the German language 
and provided with an English lan-
guage translation. The German text 
shall be controlling and binding. 
The English language translation is 
provided for convenience only. 
If 
the 
Terms 
and 
Condi-
tions 
shall be 
in 
the 
German 
lan-
guage 
with an 
English 
lan-
guage 
transla-
tion, the 
follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
These Terms and Conditions are 
written in the English language 
only. 
If 
the 
Terms 
and 
Condi-
tions 
shall be 
in 
the 
English 
lan-
guage 
only, the 
follow-
ing 
ap-
plies:

--- Page 217 ---
217 
VII. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
In the case of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms will 
be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval pro-
cess, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (distributor) should take into consideration the manufac-
turer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution chan-
nels. TAG Immobilien AG is not a manufacturer or distributor for the purposes of the MiFID II Prod-
uct Governance Rules.] 
[MIFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfah-
rens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldver-
schreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden, jeweils im 
Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, MiFID II), umfasst und (ii) alle 
Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professio-
nelle Kunden angemessen sind. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, 
verkauft oder empfiehlt (Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Kon-
zepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür 
verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestim-
mung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen. TAG Immobi-
lien AG ist kein Konzepteur oder ein Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der MiFID II Bestimmungen 
zu Produktüberwachungspflichten.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval pro-
cess, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and profes-
sional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (UK Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assess-
ment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Gov-
ernance Sourcebook (UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufac-
turer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. TAG Im-
mobilien AG is not a manufacturer or UK Distributor for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules]1  
 
1  The legend may not be necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK MiFIR 
and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there

--- Page 218 ---
218 
[UK MIFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfah-
rens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldver-
schreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA-Handbuchs Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (COBS) und professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
600/2014, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK-MiFIR) Teil des nati-
onalen Rechts ist, umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an ge-
eignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. Jede Person, die in der Folge 
die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (UK-Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die 
Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, 
welches dem FCA-Handbuch Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (UK Mi-
FIR Product Governance Rules) unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarkt-
bestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Über-
nahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und an-
gemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen. TAG Immobilien AG ist kein Konzepteur oder ein UK-
Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.]2  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
EU 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 (as amended, 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EWR – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Eu-
ropäischen Wirtschaftsraum (EWR) bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, 
nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. 
Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines 
(oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 
1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, MiFID II); (ii) sie ist ein Kunde 
im Sinne der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 20. Januar 
2016 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie), soweit dieser Kunde 
nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt. Entsprechend 
wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fas-
sung, PRIIPs-Verordnung) erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf 
oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR 
 
may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product govern-
ance legend or both are included. 
2  Die Legende ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, wenn die Dealer in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibun-
gen ebenfalls nicht der UK MiFIR unterliegen und es daher keine UK MiFIR-Konzepteure gibt. Je nach Sitz 
der Konzepteure kann es Situationen geben, in denen entweder die MiFID II Product Governance Legende 
oder die UK MiFIR Product Governance Legende oder beide enthalten sind. 
3  Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European 
Economic Area" as "Not Applicable".

--- Page 219 ---
219 
erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]4 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be of-
fered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made avail-
able to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]5  
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH – Die Schuld-
verschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung 
an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich (GB) bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern in GB nicht 
angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt 
werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die 
eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Punkt 
(8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (EUWA) Teil des nationalen Rechts ist; oder (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne der Bestimmungen des 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung, FSMA) und jeglicher 
Vorschriften oder Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 
2016/97 erlassen wurden, wenn dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 
2 Absatz 1 Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie durch das EUWA Teil des natio-
nalen Rechts ist, qualifiziert wäre. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
1286/2014, wie sie aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (UK-PRIIPs-Verordnung), 
erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurver-
fügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in GB erstellt; daher kann das Angebot 
oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinan-
leger in GB nach der UK PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]6  
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification Notification under Section 
309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (SFA) – The Notes are (i) prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
 
4  Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im 
Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum" für "Nicht anwendbar" erklären. 
5  Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United King-
dom" as "Not Applicable". The assumption is that if there are potentially sales in the European Economic 
Area it is likely that there will also potentially be sales in the United Kingdom and vice versa such that the 
United Kingdom Prohibition and European Economic Area Prohibition would both be included unless spec-
ified as "Not applicable".  
6  Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im 
Vereinigten Königreich" für "Nicht anwendbar" erklären. Es wird davon ausgegangen, dass, wenn es po-
tenziell Verkäufe im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum gibt, es potenziell auch Verkäufe im Vereinigten Kö-
nigreich gibt und umgekehrt, sodass sowohl das Verkaufsverbot im Vereinigten Königreich als auch das 
Verkaufsverbot im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum einzufügen wären, sofern sie für "Nicht anwendbar" er-
klärt wurden.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and (ii) Ex-
cluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Invest-
ment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Produkteinstufungsmitteilung gemäß Section 
309B(1)(c) des Securities and Futures Act 2001 von Singapur, in der jeweils geänderten oder 
ergänzten Fassung (SFA) – Bei den Schuldverschreibungen handelt es sich (i) um prescribed 
capital markets products (wie in den Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 von Singapur definiert) und (ii) um Excluded Investment Products (wie in der MAS-Mitteilung 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products und der MAS-Bekanntmachung FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products definiert).]

--- Page 221 ---
221 
Dated [•] 
Datum [•] 
 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
 
TAG Immobilien AG 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 529900TAE68USJNXLR59 
 
Issue of 
Emission von 
 
[Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag der Tranche] 
 
[Title of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der Schuldverschreibungen] 
 
[to be consolidated and form a single series with the [insert original tranche(s)] issued on 
[date(s)] 
 
die mit der [ursprüngliche Tranche(n) einfügen], begeben am [Datum/Daten] konsolidiert wer-
den und eine einheitliche Serie bilden] 
 
issued as 
begeben als 
 
Series 
[•] 
Tranche 
[•] 
Serie 
Tranche 
 
 
under the 
unter dem 
 
EUR 3,000,000,000 
DEBT ISSUANCE PROGRAMME 
 
of 
der 
 
TAG Immobilien AG 
 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. 
Begebungstag: 
[•] 
Emissionspreis: 
[•] %

--- Page 222 ---
222 
Important Notice 
 
This document constitutes the final terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein (Final 
Terms). These Final Terms have been prepared for the purposes of Article 8 (2) of the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus 
to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (as amended, Prospectus Regulation) and must be 
read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated [20 August] 2024 [(, as supplemented by the 
supplement(s) to the base prospectus dated [●],)] (Base Prospectus) which constitute(s) a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus and any supple-
ment thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of the Issuer (www.tag-ag.com/en/investor-rela-
tions/creditor-relations) in the sub-section "Investor Relations". Full information on the Issuer and 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
 
Dieses Dokument stellt die endgültigen Bedingungen für die Emission der hierin beschriebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen dar (Endgültige Bedingungen). Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden 
für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 (4) der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments 
und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 über den Prospekt, der beim öffentlichen Angebot von Wertpa-
pieren oder bei deren Zulassung zum Handel an einem geregelten Markt zu veröffentlichen ist und 
zur Aufhebung der Richtlinie 2003/71/EG (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, Prospektverordnung) 
abgefasst und sind nur mit dem Basisprospekt vom [20. August] 2024 [(ergänzt durch [den][die] 
[Nachtrag][Nachträge] zum Basisprospekt vom [•])] (Basisprospekt), der einen Basisprospekt im 
Sinne der Prospektverordnung darstellt, gemeinsam zu lesen. Der Basisprospekt sowie etwaige 
Nachträge können in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite von der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.luxse.com) und der Internetseite der Emittentin (www.tag-ag.com/en/investor-relations/cre-
ditor-relations) in der Unterkategorie "Investor Relations" eingesehen werden. Vollständige Infor-
mationen in Bezug auf die Emittentin und die Schuldverschreibungen sind nur in der Gesamtheit 
dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen und dem Basisprospekt enthalten.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
PART I – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[A. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be deter-
mined by replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as 
Option I or Option II including certain further options contained therein, respec-
tively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert:] 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (Conditions) [, and the English lan-
guage translation thereof,] are as set out below. 
[In the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of 
Option I including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant place-
holders.] 
[In the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of 
Option II including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant 
placeholders.]] 
[B. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be deter-
mined by referring to the relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as 
Option I or Option II including certain further options contained therein, respec-
tively, insert:] 
This Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Con-
ditions that apply to Notes with [fixed] [floating] interest rates set forth in the Base Pro-
spectus as [Option I] [Option II] (Terms and Conditions). Capitalised terms shall have 
the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
All references in this Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subpara-
graphs are to paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that 
the numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for 
individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Footnotes denote directions for completing the 
Final Terms. The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are appli-
cable to the Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the 
Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All pro-
visions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final Terms which 
are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted 
from the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the Terms and Conditions to-
gether with Part I of these Final Terms constitute the Conditions).] 
TEIL I – VERTRAGLICHE REGELUNGEN 
[A. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen 
durch Wiederholung der betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II 
aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren 
Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, ein-
fügen:] 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Anleihebedingungen (Bedingungen) [so-
wie deren englischsprachige Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben 
der Option I (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betref-
fende Leerstellen vervollständigen.]

--- Page 224 ---
224 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Anga-
ben der Option II (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und 
betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen.]] 
[B. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optio-
nen durch Verweisung auf die betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I oder 
Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimm-
ten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen:] 
Dieser Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebe-
dingungen, der auf Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwen-
dung findet, zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] im Basisprospekt enthalten ist (Anlei-
hebedingungen). Begriffe, die in den Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, haben dieselbe 
Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Ab-
sätze beziehen sich auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
Anwendbare Bestimmungen sind einzufügen oder als "Nicht anwendbar" (N/A) zu kenn-
zeichnen. Es ist zu beachten, dass die Reihenfolge der Nummerierung unverändert 
bleibt, auch wenn einzelne Abschnitte oder Unterabschnitte als "nicht anwendbar" ge-
kennzeichnet sind. Fußnoten kennzeichnen Erläuterungen für die Bearbeitung der End-
gültigen Bedingungen. Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendba-
ren Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Be-
dingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden 
Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der An-
leihebedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die 
weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Anleihebedingungen (die Anleihebedingungen zu-
sammen mit diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind die Bedingungen) gestri-
chen.]

--- Page 225 ---
225 
§ 1 
Currency, Specified Denomination, Form 
 
§ 1 
Währung, Festgelegte Stückelung, Form 
 
Specified Currency: 
[•] 
Festgelegte Währung: 
[•] 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[•]7 
Gesamtnennbetrag: 
[•]8 
Specified Denomination: 
[•]9 
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
[•]10 
Clearing System(s) 
 
Clearingsystem(e) 
 
☐ 
CBF 
 
☐ 
CBL / Euroclear 
 
Form of Notes 
 
Form der Schuldverschreibungen  
 
☐ 
Electronic Notes11 
 
 
Elektronische Schuldverschreibungen12 
 
☐ 
Physical Notes 
 
 
Körperlich verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen 
 
 
☐ 
Classical Global Note or deposited with CBF 
 
 
 
Classical Global Note oder Verwahrung durch 
CBF 
 
 
☐ 
New Global Note 
 
 
 
New Global Note 
 
Central Registrar13 
[CBF] / [•] 
Zentralregisterführerin14 
[CBF] / [•] 
§ 3 
Interest 
 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
 
☐ 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
 
 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
(Option I) 
 
 
7  Insert currency and amount of the Tranche.  
8  Währung und Betrag der Tranche einfügen.  
9  The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 100,000, and, if in any currency other than 
euro, an amount in such other currency at least equivalent to EUR 100,000 at the time of the issue of 
Notes.  
10  Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt in EUR 100.000 oder, soweit in einer anderen 
Währung als Euro begeben, den Betrag in dieser Währung, der zum Zeitpunkt der Ausgabe der Schuld-
verschreibungen mindestens EUR 100.000 entspricht.  
11  Availability of option for specific Tranche to be agreed with Fiscal Agent and D7 Digitiser prior to issuance. 
12  Verfügbarkeit der Option für spezifische Serie vor Emission mit Fiscal Agent und D7 Digitiser abzustimmen. 
13  Only applicable in the case of Electronic Notes. 
14  Nur im Falle von elektronischen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
Zinssatz:  
[•] % per annum 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[•] 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[•] 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[•] 
 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[•] 
 
☐ Initial Broken Interest Amount per Specified De-
nomination: 
[•] 
 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je  Festgelegter 
Stückelung: 
[•] 
 
☐ Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity 
Date: 
[•] 
 
Dem Endfälligkeitstag vorausgehender Zinszah-
lungstag: 
[•] 
 
☐ Final Broken Interest Amount per Specified De-
nomination: 
[•] 
 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Festgelegter 
Stückelung: 
[•] 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
☐ Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
 
Determination Date(s): 
[•]15 
 
Feststellungstermin(e): 
[•]16 
 
☐ Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
☐ Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
☐ Actual/360 
 
 
☐ 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
 
 
☐ 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
 
☐ 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
 
 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen  
(Option II) 
 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[•] 
 
15  Only to be completed for an issue of Fixed Rate Notes where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA). 
Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. 
16  Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, deren Zinstagequo-
tient Actual/Actual (ICMA) ist. Reguläre Zinszahlungstage mit Ausnahme des Begebungstags und des 
Fälligkeitstags im Falle von kurzen oder langen ersten oder letzten Zinsperioden einfügen.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[•] 
 
☐ Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[•] 
 
☐ Specified Interest Period(s): 
[[specify number] [weeks / months]] 
 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n): 
[[Zahl einfügen] [Wochen / Monate]] 
 
Business Day Convention 
 
 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
 
 
☐ Modified Following Business Day Convention 
(adjusted) 
 
 
☐ FRN Convention (adjusted) 
 
 
☐ Following Business Day Convention (adjusted) 
 
 
☐ Preceding Business Day Convention (adjusted) 
 
 
Business Day 
 
 
Geschäftstag 
 
 
☐ T2 
 
 
☐ Relevant financial centre(s): 
[•] 
 
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum / zentren: 
[•] 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
Zinssatz 
 
 
☐ Margin: 
[•] percent. 
 
Marge: 
[•] % 
 
☐ plus 
 
 
zuzüglich 
 
 
☐ minus 
 
 
abzüglich 
 
 
Original Benchmark Rate 
 
 
Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz 
 
 
Period: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-month-EURIBOR 
 
Zeitraum: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-Monats-EURIBOR 
 
☐ Interpolation: 
[first][last] Interest Period 
 
Interpolation: 
[erste][letzte] Zinsperiode 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
☐ Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
☐ Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
☐ Actual/360 
 
 
☐ 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
 
 
☐ 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
 
§ 4 
Redemption

--- Page 228 ---
228 
§ 4 
Rückzahlung 
 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
Endfälligkeitstag: 
[•] 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer at the Make-
Whole Redemption Amount:17 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum 
Make-Whole Rückzahlungsbetrag:18 
[Ja][Nein] 
Present Value: 
Benchmark Yield plus [•] % 
Abgezinster Marktwert: 
Benchmark Rendite zuzüglich [•] % 
 
Benchmark Yield: 
[Euro denominated benchmark debt security of 
the Federal Republic of Germany] [other relevant 
benchmark] specifying the following details: ISIN 
or other securities code, as observed at around 
noon [(Frankfurt time)] [other relevant time] on 
such date on Bloomberg page [ISIN] Govt HP (us-
ing the setting "Last Yield to Convention" and us-
ing the pricing source ["FRNK"] [other source as 
relevant]), or as derived or published by such 
other source as determined by the Calculation 
Agent] 
 
Benchmark Rendite: 
[Euro-Referenz-Anleihe der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland] [andere Referenzanleihe] unter An-
gabe folgender Einzelheiten: ISIN oder andere 
Wertpapierkennung, wie gegen 12:00 Uhr mittags 
[(Frankfurter Zeit)] [andere relevante Zeitzone] an 
diesem Tag auf der Bloomberg Seite [ISIN] Govt 
HP (unter Nutzung der Einstellung "Last Yield to 
Convention" und der Preisquelle ["FRNK"] [an-
dere relevante Preisquelle]) abgelesen, oder wie 
von einer anderen, durch die Berechnungsstelle 
festgelegten, Quelle hergeleitet oder veröffent-
licht] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin: 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
Call Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
Call-Rückzahlungstag(e): 
[•] 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s): 
[•] 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag / beträge: 
[•] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer during a call 
redemption period:19 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin wäh-
rend einer Call-Rückzahlungsperiode:20 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
Call Redemption Period(s): 
[•] 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsperiode: 
[•] 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s): 
[•] 
 
17  Only applicable in case of Fixed Rate Notes. 
18  Nur im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
19  Only applicable in case of Fixed Rate Notes.  
20  Nur im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag / beträge: 
[•] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer upon occur-
rence of a transaction related event: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin nach 
Eintritt eines transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses: 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag: 
[•] 
 
Transaction Notice Period: 
[Not applicable] [•] to [•] 
 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [•] bis [•] 
 
Transaction: 
[Insert description of envisaged transaction] 
 
Transaktion: 
[Beschreibung der geplanten Transaktion einfü-
gen] 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer for minimal 
outstanding principal amount: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin wegen 
eines geringen ausstehenden Nennbetrags: 
[Ja][Nein] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Noteholder: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Anleihegläubiger: 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
Put Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
Put-Rückzahlungstag(e): 
[•] 
 
Put Redemption Amount(s): 
[•] 
 
Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag / beträge: 
[•] 
Early Redemption as a result of a Change of Control: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung im Falle eines Kontrollwechsels: 
[Ja][Nein] 
§ 9 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent [, Make-Whole Calculation Agent] 
§ 9 
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle [, Make-Whole Berechnungsstelle] 
☐ 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent21 
[insert name and address] 
 
Make-Whole Berechnungsstelle22 
[Angabe von Name und Adresse] 
§ 12 
Notices 
§ 12 
Mitteilungen 
☐ 
Listing on Luxembourg Stock Exchange  
 
 
Listing an der Luxemburger Börse 
 
☐ 
Not listed at the initiative of the Issuer 
 
 
Nicht auf Veranlassung der Emittentin an einer 
Börse notiert 
 
§ 16 
Language23 
 
21  Only applicable in case of Fixed Rate Notes which provide for early redemption of the Notes at the option 
of the Issuer at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount 
22  Nur im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar falls die Emittentin das Recht hat 
die Schuldverschreibungen nach eigener Wahl zum Make-Whole Betrag vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen 
23  To be determined in consultation with the Issuer.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
§ 16 
Sprache24 
☐ 
German and English, German binding 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch, Deutsch bindend 
 
☐ 
English only 
 
 
Nur Englisch 
 
 
 
 
 
24  In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION 
TEIL II – ANDERE INFORMATIONEN 
Listing and admission to trading 
Börsennotierung und Zulassung zum Handel 
☐ 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Ex-
change  
 
 
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Börse 
 
☐ 
Other market:25 
[give details] 
 
Anderer Markt:26 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Date of admission: 
[insert date] 
 
Datum der Zulassung: 
[Angabe des Datums] 
 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission 
to trading: 
[give details] 
 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum 
Handel: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
☐ 
Not admitted to trading 
 
 
Nicht zum Handel zugelassen 
 
Rating of the Notes 
Rating der Schuldverschreibungen 
☐ 
The Notes to be issued have been rated as fol-
lows27 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden wie folgt gera-
tet28 
 
 
☐ [Moody's: 
[•] 
 
☐ S&P: 
[•] 
 
☐ Fitch:] 
[•] 
 
☐ [Other]:29 
[•] 
☐ 
The Notes have not been rated. 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden nicht geratet. 
 
 
25  NB: a listing of the Notes on an EU-regulated market which is located outside Luxembourg will require the 
prior notification of the approval certificate of the base prospectus to the relevant competent authority of 
the host member state. 
26  NB: eine Zulassung der Schuldverschreibungen an einem EU-regulierten Markt außerhalb Luxemburgs 
erfordert die vorherige Notifizierung der Billigungsbescheinigung des Basisprospekts an die jeweilige zu-
ständige Behörde im Aufnahmemitgliedsstaat. 
27  Include brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider. 
28  Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings aufnehmen, sofern zuvor von der Ratingagentur veröffent-
licht.  
29  Indicate whether the rating agency is established in the European Community or in the United Kingdom 
and is registered under the CRA Regulation.  
 
Angabe, ob die Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft oder in dem Vereinigten Kö-
nigreich hat und gemäß der CRA-Verordnung registriert ist.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
Interessen von natürlichen oder juristischen Personen, die bei der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
☐ 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the of-
fer.] 
 
[Soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist, hat keine Person, die bei dem Angebot der Schuldverschreibungen be-
teiligt ist, Interessen, die für das Angebot von wesentlicher Bedeutung sind.]  
☐ 
Other interest (specify): 
[specify details] 
 
Andere Interessen (angeben): 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Use of Proceeds, Net Proceeds and Yield 
Verwendung der Erlöse, Nettoerlöse und Rendite 
Use of proceeds:30 
[The net proceeds from this issuance of Notes will be 
used for general corporate and financing purposes of 
the Group.] / [The Issuer intends to use the net pro-
ceeds from this issuance of Notes for Eligible Sustaina-
ble Projects in line with the Sustainable Finance Frame-
work established by the Group.] / [•] 
[specify details] 
Verwendung der Emissionserlöse:31 
[Der Nettoerlös aus dieser Emission von Schuldver-
schreibungen wird für allgemeine Unternehmens- und 
Finanzierungszwecke der Gruppe eingesetzt.] / [Die 
Emittentin beabsichtigt den Nettoerlös aus dieser Emis-
sion von Schuldverschreibungen für Geeignete Nach-
haltige Projekte gemäß dem "Sustainable Finance 
Framework" der Gruppe zu verwenden.] / [•] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag des Emissionserlöses: 
[•] 
Yield:32 
[•] / [Not applicable] 
Rendite:33 
[•] / [Nicht anwendbar] 
Placing and Underwriting 
Platzierung und Übernahme 
Method of Distribution 
[syndicate][non-syndicated] 
Vertriebsmethode 
[syndiziert][nicht-syndiziert] 
Details with regard to the Manager[s] [Including the Type of Commitment] 
Einzelheiten bezüglich [des Managers] [der Manager] [einschließlich der Art der Übernahmeverpflichtung] 
Manager[s] 
[specify name(s) and address(es) of Manager(s) and 
whether they subscribe on a firm commitment basis or 
with-out a firm commitment] 
Manager 
[Namen und Adresse(n) des Managers bzw. der Mana-
ger angeben und ob sie mit fester Übernahmeverpflich-
tung oder ohne feste Übernahmeverpflichtung zeichnen] 
 
30  See paragraph "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from general 
financing purposes of the Group include those reasons here.  
31  Siehe Abschnitt "Use of Proceeds" im Basisprospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allge-
meinen Finanzierungszwecken der Gruppe bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben. 
32  Not required in case of Floating Rate Notes. 
33  Nicht erforderlich im Fall von variabel verzinsten Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
Registration of the Administrator pursuant to the Benchmarks Regulation34 
Registrierung des Administrators gemäß der Benchmark-Verordnung35 
Benchmark 
EURIBOR 
Benchmark 
EURIBOR 
Benchmark Administrator 
[European Money Markets Institute (EMMI)] [specify de-
tails] 
Administrator der Benchmark 
[European Money Markets Institute (EMMI)] [Angabe 
von Einzelheiten] 
Registration of the Benchmark Administrator in the reg-
ister of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Au-
thority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Coun-
cil of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in fi-
nancial instruments and financial contracts or to meas-
ure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation 
(EU) No 596/2014 (Benchmarks Regulation) 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
Eintragung des Benchmark-Administrators in das von 
der Europäischen Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbe-
hörde (ESMA) gemäß Artikel 36 der Verordnung (EU) 
2016/1011 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Ra-
tes vom 8. Juni 2016 über Indizes, die bei Finanzinstru-
menten und Finanzkontrakten als Referenzwert oder zur 
Messung der Wertentwicklung eines Investmentfonds 
verwendet werden, und zur Änderung der Richtlinien 
2008/48/EG und 2014/17/EU sowie der Verordnung 
(EU) Nr. 596/2014 (Benchmark-Verordnung) erstellte 
und geführte Register der Administratoren 
[Zutreffend] [Nicht zutreffend] 
Selling Restrictions and Stabilisation 
Verkaufsbeschränkungen und Stabilisierung 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European 
Economic Area:36 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirt-
schaftsraum:37 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United 
Kingdom:38 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
34  Insert only in the case of Floating Rate Notes. 
35  Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
36  If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document ("KID") will be prepared in the European Economic Area, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, "Appli-
cable" should be specified.  
37  Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind "verpackte" Produkte und es wird ein Basisinformationsblatt ("KID") im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum 
erstellt, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" 
Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
38  If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the United Kingdom, "Not Applicable" should be spec-
ified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten König-
reich:39 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[None][give name] 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[Keiner][Angabe des Namens] 
Security Codes and Eurosystem eligibility 
 
Wertpapierkennung und EZB-Fähigkeit 
 
Security Codes 
 
Wertpapierkennung 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
Common Code: 
[•] 
WKN: 
[•] 
[CFI:] 
[•] 
[FISN:] 
[•] 
[Any other security number:] 
[•] 
[Sonstige Wertpapierkennung:] 
[•] 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
New Global Note: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eu-
rosystem eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] [Not applicable in the case of a Classical 
Global Note] 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden: 
[Ja] [Nein] [Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Classical Glo-
bal Note] 
 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not nec-
essarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligi-
ble collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon is-
sue or at any or all times during their life. Such recogni-
tion will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eu-
rosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]40 
 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier lediglich be-
deutet, dass die Wertpapiere nach ihrer Begebung bei 
einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamen Verwahrer verwahrt 
werden und es bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass 
die Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im 
Sinne der Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der 
taggleichen Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) 
des Eurosystems entweder nach Begebung oder zu ir-
gendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Existenz anerkannt 
werden. Eine solche Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der 
EZB abhängen, dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien 
erfüllt werden.]41 
 
39  Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind "verpackte" Produkte und es wird ein KID im Vereinigten Königreich erstellt, so sollte "Nicht anwend-
bar" ausgewählt werden. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID 
vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
40  Include explanation in the case of an NGN deposited with one of the ICSDs. 
41  Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be depos-
ited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper). Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]42 
 
 
[Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen mit "Nein" festgelegt wurde, können sich 
die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die Zukunft derart 
ändern, dass die Schuldverschreibungen fähig sein wer-
den diese einzuhalten. Die Schuldverschreibungen kön-
nen dann bei einer der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Ver-
wahrer hinterlegt (und auf den Namen eines Nominees 
von einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwahrer ein-
getragen) werden. Es ist zu beachten, dass die Schuld-
verschreibungen selbst dann nicht notwendigerweise als 
geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des 
Eurosystems und der taggleichen Überziehungen (intra-
day credit operations) des Eurosystems zu irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. 
Eine solche Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB ab-
hängen, dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt 
werden.]43 
 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main and that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral by the Eurosystem ei-
ther upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.]44 
 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier lediglich be-
deutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Be-
gebung von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am 
Main verwahrt werden und dass die Schuldverschrei-
bungen bei ihrer Begebung, zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Laufzeit oder während ihrer gesamten 
Laufzeit nicht notwendigerweise als EZB-fähige Sicher-
heiten anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung 
hängt davon ab, ob die Zulässigkeitskriterien des Euro-
systems erfüllt sind.]45 
 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the 
Notes are represented by a Central Register Security 
entered into the Central Securities Register operated by 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main and that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral by the Eurosystem ei-
ther upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
 
42  Include explanation in the case of an NGN not deposited with one of the ICSDs. 
43  Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer nicht durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN. 
44  Include explanation in the case of Notes deposited with CBF. 
45  Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer Verwahrung der Schuldverschreibungen durch CBF.

--- Page 236 ---
236 
Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.]46 
 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier lediglich 
bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen durch ein 
Zentralregisterwertpapier verbrieft und in ein von 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main geführtes 
zentrales Wertpapierregister eingetragen werden und 
dass die Schuldverschreibungen bei ihrer Begebung, zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit oder 
während ihrer gesamten Laufzeit nicht 
notwendigerweise als EZB-fähige Sicherheiten 
anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt 
davon ab, ob die Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems 
erfüllt sind.]47 
 
 
 
 
46  Include explanation in the case of Electronic Notes. 
47  Erläuterung einfügen im Fall von elektronischen Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
[Listing application 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list the issue of Notes described herein 
pursuant to the EUR 3,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of TAG Immobilien AG on the Lux-
embourg Stock Exchange.] 
[Antrag auf Börsennotierung 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten die Details, die erforderlich sind, um die hierin 
beschriebenen Schuldverschreibungen des Euro 3.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme der 
TAG Immobilien AG an der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zu notieren.] 
Authorisation 
The issue of this Series of Notes was authorised by a resolution of [•] of [•] passed on [•]. 
Genehmigung 
Die Emission dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen wurde durch einen Beschluss des [•] der [•] 
vom [•] genehmigt. 
[Third Party Information 
With respect to any information in relation to the Notes included herein and specified to be sourced 
from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that as far as the issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that 
third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. The following sources were used [•].] 
[Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen betreffend die 
Schuldverschreibungen von Seiten Dritter gilt Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese 
Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und, soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und 
sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte, keine Fak-
ten weggelassen wurden, deren Fehlen die reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder irre-
führend gestalten würden. Folgende Quellen wurden verwendet [•].] 
Signed on behalf of 
TAG Immobilien AG 
 
 
 
_____________________________ 
Duly authorised 
 
 
_____________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 238 ---
238 
VIII. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds from the issuance of 
Notes under the Programme will be used for general corporate and financing purposes of the 
Group. These general corporate and financial purposes may include, among other things, the refi-
nancing of existing indebtedness, acquisitions, and general working capital requirements. 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the proceeds of any Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme may be used to finance and/or refinance specified Eligible Sustainable Projects in ac-
cordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria set out in the Sustainable Finance Framework 
(for more information, see "IX. SUSTAINABLE FINANCE FRAMEWORK" below). Additional infor-
mation on the Sustainable Finance Framework is available on the website of TAG (www.tag-
ag.com/en/investor-relations/creditor-relations). For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Sustaina-
ble Finance Framework nor the content of the website or any Second Party Opinion are incorpo-
rated by reference into or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
IX. 
SUSTAINABLE FINANCE FRAMEWORK 
1. 
General 
In March 2022, TAG has established its Sustainable Finance Framework under which 
TAG may issue Sustainable Financing Instruments including green, social and sustaina-
bility instruments to finance or refinance eligible green and/or social assets and projects. 
Such instruments could include bonds (including private placements), commercial paper, 
loans, promissory notes (Schuldscheindarlehen) and any other green, social and sustain-
ability finance instruments. 
Notes issued under the Programme will not qualify as "European Green Bonds". Any 
Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme and referred to as "green", "environmen-
tal", "sustainable", "social" or equivalently labelled will only comply with the criteria and 
processes set out in the Issuer's Sustainable Finance Framework. 
2. 
Use of Proceeds 
The Issuer will use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the issuance of each 
Sustainable Financing Instrument for Eligible Sustainable Projects, i.e. to finance or re-
finance assets and projects in line with the eligibility criteria set out in detail in the Sus-
tainable Finance Framework. 
These eligibility criteria provide for the following categories of Eligible Sustainable Pro-
jects: 
• 
Green Projects 
– 
Green Buildings; Energy Efficiency 
– 
Renewable Energy 
– 
Clean Transportation 
• 
Social Projects 
– 
Affordable Housing 
– 
Low-Barrier Housing 
– 
Community Engagement 
Investors should note that under the Terms and Conditions, Notes may provide for the 
right of the Issuer for early redemption. If such redemption occurs prior to the full allocation 
of the proceeds of such Note, such allocation may not take place in full or not at all and, 
in that case, the proceeds may no longer be able to contribute to any Eligible Sustainable 
Projects. Any such event will not give the holder of the Notes the right to early terminate 
the Notes. 
3. 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
TAG has established a sustainable financing committee (Sustainable Financing Com-
mittee) to oversee the process of evaluating and selecting Eligible Sustainable Projects 
following each respective issuance. The Sustainable Financing Committee consists of the 
Management Board, the head of the strategic real estate management department, in

--- Page 240 ---
240 
which TAG's ESG strategies are developed and monitored, and the head of the financing 
and treasury department. 
The Sustainable Financing Committee ensures that the Eligible Sustainable Projects are 
aligned with TAG's overall sustainability strategy and environmental and social risk poli-
cies. TAG uses a central risk management system to ensure that all material risks are 
identified, measured, managed, and monitored throughout the group, including for pro-
jects and assets under evaluation as Eligible Sustainable Projects. 
4. 
Management of Proceeds 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the issuance of each Sustainable Financ-
ing Instrument issued under the Sustainable Finance Framework will be managed by 
TAG's financing and treasury department together with the Sustainable Financing Com-
mittee in a portfolio approach. The Issuer intends to allocate such amounts to a portfolio 
of Eligible Sustainable Projects selected in accordance with the use of proceeds criteria 
and project evaluation and selection process described in the Sustainable Finance 
Framework. 
TAG will strive to achieve a level of allocation for the portfolio of Eligible Sustainable Pro-
jects which matches or exceeds the balance of an amount equivalent to the net proceeds 
from its outstanding Sustainable Financing Instruments. TAG will track the receipt and 
use of proceeds via its internal reporting systems to ensure proceeds are allocated in 
accordance with the Sustainable Finance Framework. 
In the case where a project no longer meets the eligibility criteria detailed in the Sustain-
able Finance Framework or any future revisions of the Sustainable Finance Framework, 
the funds will be allocated to other Eligible Sustainable Projects as soon as reasonably 
practicable. Payment of principal and interest will be made from the Issuer's general ac-
count and not be linked to the performance of the Eligible Sustainable Projects. 
Any unallocated proceeds will be earmarked and held as cash or cash-equivalents pend-
ing investment in Eligible Sustainable Projects. 
5. 
Reporting 
Following the issuance of any Sustainable Financing Instruments, TAG intends to pro-
duce annually, and at least until full allocation, an external allocation and impact report. 
This report will be made publicly available and published on TAG's website (www.tag-
ag.com/en/investor-relations/creditor-relations). 
The report will provide an update on the following metrics on the allocation of proceeds: 
• 
The total amount of proceeds allocated to Eligible Sustainable Projects 
• 
The remaining balance of any unallocated funds 
• 
The proportion of proceeds used for financing versus refinancing 
The Report will also include relevant environmental and social indicators associated with 
the eligibility criteria.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
6. 
External Review / Second Party Opinion 
A Second Party Opinion dated 18 March 2022 on the Sustainable Finance Framework's 
environmental and social credentials (including the credibility and anticipated positive im-
pacts of the use of proceeds and the alignment of the Issuer's sustainability strategy and 
performance and sustainability risk management in relation to the use of proceeds) and 
its alignment with 
• 
the Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021 (SBG), Green Bond Principles 2021 
(GBP) and Social Bond Principles 2021 (SBP), as administered by International 
Capital Market Association (ICMA); and 
• 
the Green Loan Principles 2021 (GLP) and Social Loan Principles 2021 (SLP), 
as administered by the Loan Market Association (LMA), the Asia Pacific Loan 
Market Association (APLMA) and the Loan Syndications & Trading Association 
(LSTA); 
has been provided by Sustainalytics and is available on the website of the Issuer. 
7. 
Important Notice 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Sustainable Finance Framework nor the content 
of the website or any Second Party Opinion in connection with the Sustainable Finance 
Framework are incorporated by reference into or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Please refer to the section "II. RISK FACTORS – 2.2.4 Risks associated with Notes with 
a specific use of proceeds, such as green, social or sustainability bonds" above for further 
information regarding risks associated with green bond, social bond or sustainability bond 
transactions.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
X. 
TAXATION WARNING 
The tax legislation of the state of residence of a prospective purchaser of Notes and the Issuer's 
country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
XI. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
1. 
SUBSCRIPTION 
The Notes may be issued on a continuous basis to one or more of the Dealers and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. Notes may be distributed by way of public offer or 
private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of 
distribution of each Tranche of Notes will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to one or more of the Dealers. The arrange-
ments under which the Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and 
purchased by, the Dealers are set out in a dealer agreement dated on or about the date of the Base 
Prospectus (Dealer Agreement) and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agree-
ment will include provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at 
which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deducti-
bles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement 
provides for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appoint-
ment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. A subscription agreement (Subscription Agreement) prepared in 
connection with a particular Tranche of Notes will typically be dated on or about the respective date 
of the Final Terms applicable to such Tranche of Notes. 
2. 
Method for determining the issue price and the process for its disclosure 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
3. 
Selling Restrictions 
3.1 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distrib-
utes the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material and will obtain any 
consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes 
under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes 
such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have 
any responsibility therefore. 
With regard to each Tranche of Notes, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such 
other additional restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set 
out in the applicable Final Terms. 
3.2 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (Securities Act), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration re-
quirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S). 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions

--- Page 244 ---
244 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered 
and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date for such 
Notes, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have 
sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation 
or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the mean-
ings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree that neither it, its affiliates (as defined in Rule 501 under the Securities Act), nor any per-
sons acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts (as 
defined in Regulation S) with respect to the Notes, and it and they have complied and will comply 
with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the regis-
tration requirements of the Securities Act. 
3.3 
European Economic Area 
3.3.1 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes 
of this provision, the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the follow-
ing:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); of 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, Insur-
ance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a pro-
fessional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
3.4 
United Kingdom 
3.4.1 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Inves-
tors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer ap-
pointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For the purposes of this 
provision, the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 245 ---
245 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 as amended or superseded (FSMA) and any rules or regula-
tions made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
3.4.2 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has furthermore represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or 
sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21 (1) FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
3.5 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with 
the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indi-
rectly, to any person in Singapore other than: (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time) 
(SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
3.6 
Japan  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended (Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Law)). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and

--- Page 246 ---
246 
otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws 
and regulations of Japan. 
3.7 
Canada 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge that no prospectus has been filed with any securities commission or sim-
ilar regulatory authority in Canada in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes, the Notes 
have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or any province 
or territory thereof and no securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada has re-
viewed or in any way passed this Base Prospectus or the merits of the Notes and any representa-
tion to the contrary is an offence. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree 
that it has not offered, sold or distributed and will not offer, sell or distribute any Notes, directly or 
indirectly, in Canada or to or for the benefit of any resident of Canada, other than in compliance 
with applicable securities laws and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing: (a) any offer or 
sale of the Notes in Canada will be made only to only to purchasers that are "accredited investors" 
(as such term is defined in Section 1.1 of National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions ("NI 
45-106") or, in Ontario, as such term is defined in Section 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)), 
that are also "permitted clients" (as such term is defined in Section 1.1 of National Instrument 31-
103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations), that are pur-
chasing as principal, or are deemed to be purchasing as principal in accordance with applicable 
Canadian securities laws, and that are not a person created or used solely to purchase or hold the 
Notes as an "accredited investor" as described in paragraph (m) of the definition of "accredited 
investor" in Section 1.1 of NI 45-106; (b) it is either (I) appropriately registered under applicable 
Canadian securities laws in each relevant province or territory to sell and deliver the Notes, (II) such 
sale and delivery will be made through an affiliate of it that is so registered if the affiliate is registered 
in a category that permits such sale and has agreed to make such sale and delivery in compliance 
with the representations, warranties and agreements set out herein, or (III) it is relying on an ex-
emption from the dealer registration requirements under applicable Canadian securities laws and 
has complied with the requirements of that exemption; and (c) it has not and will not distribute or 
deliver any "offering memorandum" (as defined in relevant Canadian securities laws) in connection 
with any offering of the Notes in Canada or to a resident of Canada except in compliance with 
applicable Canadian securities laws.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
XII. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Supplements to this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer has undertaken, unless it is not intended to issue Notes under the Programme for the 
time being, that if at any time during the duration of the Programme, if there is a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Pro-
spectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any investment in the Notes and whose 
inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an in-
vestor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and 
losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Group and the rights attaching to the Notes, to prepare 
or procure the preparation of a supplement to this Base Prospectus or, as the case may be, publish 
a replacement base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of Notes. 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate sup-
plement to this Base Prospectus. 
If the Terms and Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus) are modified or amended in a 
manner which would make the Base Prospectus, supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new 
prospectus will be prepared to the extent required by law. 
2. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be borrowers from or creditors of the Issuer and their 
affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future en-
gage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform ser-
vices for the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Moreover, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer' affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer con-
sistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of 
credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices 
of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such secu-
rities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. Interests of persons involved in a specific issue 
of Notes under the Programme, if any, will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
3. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by resolution of the Management Board of 
the Issuer on 12 August 2024 with approval of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer on 13 August 
2024. 
The dates of the respective resolutions by the governing bodies of the Issuer regarding the issuance 
of a Series of Notes are set out in each Final Terms.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
4. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) for the 
Notes issued under this Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Lux-
embourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed on other or further stock exchanges, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue. Notes may further 
be issued under the Programme which will not be listed on any stock exchange. 
5. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
(Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn) (CBF), Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (42 Ave-
nue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg) (CBL), and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Boulevard 
du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium) (Euroclear). The appropriate German securities number 
(WKN) (if any), Common Code and ISIN for each Series of Notes allocated by CBF, CBL and 
Euroclear will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to be cleared through an 
additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applica-
ble Final Terms. If Notes will be issued in the new global note structure this will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Notes potentially eligible as collateral for the Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit op-
erations may be (i) deposited with either CBF or (ii) issued in a form compliant with the new global 
note structure for international bearer debt securities and will be kept in safe custody with a common 
safekeeper (CSK) to Euroclear and CBL, the International Central Securities Depositories (the 
ICSDs) or (iii) be represented by an electronic central register security. 
6. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 529900TAE68USJNXLR59. 
7. 
Documents on Display 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available free of charge during normal business hours from the 
registered office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent:  
(i) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
a copy of the Base Prospectus; 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated herein by reference;  
(iv) 
a copy of any supplements to the Base Prospectus;  
(v) 
the Sustainable Finance Framework; and 
(vi) 
the Sustainalytics Opinion. 
Electronic versions of the constitutional documents of the Issuer are also available on the website 
of the Issuer (www.tag-ag.com). The Sustainable Finance Framework and the Sustainalytics Opin-
ion can be accessed on the website of the Issuer (www.tag-ag.com/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/sustainable-finance). For the avoidance of doubt, none of these documents are incorpo-
rated by reference into or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 249 ---
249 
This Base Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
The documents incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus can be accessed by using the 
hyperlinks set out in the section "XIII. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE" below. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will also be published on the 
website of the Issuer (www.tag-ag.com/en/investor-relations/creditor-relations). 
In the case of Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms 
will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the case 
of Notes listed on any other stock exchange, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of 
the Issuer (www.tag-ag.com/en/investor-relations/creditor-relations). 
8. 
Third Party Information 
With respect to any information in relation to the Notes included herein and specified to be sourced 
from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced 
and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information available to it from such 
third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced infor-
mation inaccurate or misleading and (ii) neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has independently verified 
any such information and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer accepts any responsibility for the accu-
racy thereof.  
9. 
Available Information 
The Issuer prepares annual and interim period reports in conformity with IFRS as adopted by the 
EU since 2017. The annual reports contain financial statements examined and reported upon, with 
opinions expressed by, Deloitte as independent auditors. The Issuer publishes the consolidated 
annual financial statements, according to IFRS as adopted by the EU on its website and through 
the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger), in accordance with German laws. The annual reports to the 
Issuer's shareholders are posted on the Issuer's web site at 'www.tag-ag.com/en/investor-rela-
tions/financial-statements/annual-reports' and the quarterly reports on 'www.tag-ag.com/en/inves-
tor-relations/financial-statements/quarterly-reports'. Except for the financial statements listed under 
"DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE", the Issuer in furnishing its web site address 
in the Base Prospectus does not intend to incorporate any information on its web site into the Base 
Prospectus, and you should not consider any information on the Issuer's web site to be part of the 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
XIII. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The specified pages of the following documents which have previously been published or are pub-
lished simultaneously with the Base Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF are in-
corporated by reference into and form part of the Base Prospectus. The page numbers set out 
below refer to the page numbers in the form of a pdf document available on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com): 
The "Interim Report on the 2nd Quarter 2024" of the Issuer, containing the English translation 
of the German unaudited interim consolidated financial statements (IAS 34) of the Issuer as 
of and for the six months ended 30 June 2024 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
pages 30 to 31 
Consolidated Income Statement 
page 32 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
page 33 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
page 34 
Statement of Changes in consolidated equity 
page 35 
Selected Explanatory Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial 
Statements 
pages 36 to 53 
Review Report(1) 
pages 54 to 55 
(1) 
The auditor's review report, prepared in accordance with German Generally Accepted Standards for Reviews of 
Financial Statements promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (IDW) and in supplementary compliance 
with the International Standard on Review Engagements 2410 "Review of Interim Financial Information Per-
formed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity", refers to the complete interim consolidated financial statements 
and the interim group management report of TAG Immobilien AG as of and for the six months ended 30 June 
2024. The interim group management report is not included in this Base Prospectus. The above-mentioned 
auditor's review report and interim consolidated financial statements are both translations of the respective Ger-
man-language documents. 
The "Annual Report 2023" of the Issuer, containing the English language translation of the 
respective German language audited consolidated financial statements (IFRS) of the Issuer 
as of and for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2023 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
pages 106 to 107 
Consolidated Income Statement 
page 108 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
page 109 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
page 110 
Statement of Changes in consolidated equity 
page 111 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 112 to 190 
Independent Auditor's Report(1) 
pages 191 to 200

--- Page 251 ---
251 
(1) 
The auditor's report, prepared in accordance with Section 322 HGB, refers to the complete consolidated financial 
statements and the group management report of TAG Immobilien AG for the fiscal year from 1 January to 31 De-
cember 2023. The group management report is not included in this Base Prospectus. The above-mentioned audi-
tor's report and consolidated financial statements are both translations of the respective German-language docu-
ments. 
The "Annual Report 2022" of the Issuer, containing the English language translation of the 
German language audited consolidated financial statements (IFRS) of the Issuer as of and 
for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2022 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
pages 90 to 91 
Consolidated Income Statement 
page 92 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
page 93 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
pages 94 to 95 
Statement of Changes in consolidated equity 
pages 96 to 97 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 98 to 160 
Independent Auditor's Report(1) 
pages 161 to 169 
(1) 
The auditor's report, prepared in accordance with Section 322 HGB, refers to the complete consolidated financial 
statements and, the group management report of TAG Immobilien AG for the fiscal year from 1 January to 31 
December 2022. The group management report is not included in this Base Prospectus. The above-mentioned 
auditor's report and consolidated financial statements are both translations of the respective German-language doc-
uments. 
The non-incorporated parts of such documents, i.e. the pages not listed in the tables above, are 
either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
Any statement contained in the Base Prospectus or in a document that is incorporated by reference 
herein will be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of the Base Prospectus to the 
extent that a statement contained herein or in any other subsequently filed document that also is 
incorporated by reference herein modifies or supersedes such statement. The modifying or super-
seding statement need not state that it has modified or superseded a prior statement or include any 
other information set forth in the document that it modifies or supersedes. The making of a modify-
ing or superseding statement will not be deemed an admission for any purposes that the modified 
or superseded statement, when made, constituted a misrepresentation, an untrue statement of a 
material fact or an omission to state a material fact that is required to be stated or that is necessary 
to make a statement not misleading in light of the circumstances in which it was made. Any such 
statement so modified or superseded will not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to 
constitute a part of the Base Prospectus.  
Availability of documents incorporated by reference 
Any document incorporated herein by reference are available free of charge and may be inspected 
during usual business hours on any working day from the date hereof for the whole life of the Base 
Prospectus at the offices of the Issuer as set out at the end of the Base Prospectus and will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 252 ---
252 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus may be obtained (without 
charge) from the registered office of the Issuer and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
Electronic versions of the documents incorporated by reference are also available on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and can be accessed by using the following 
hyperlinks: 
1. 
The "Interim Report on the 2nd Quarter 2024" of the Issuer, containing the English trans-
lation of the German unaudited interim consolidated financial statements (IFRS) of the 
Issuer as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2024 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/105ad15bc357f449b98998771b319577ef 
2. 
The "Annual Report 2023" of the Issuer, containing the English language translation of 
the respective German language audited consolidated financial statements (IFRS) of the 
Issuer as of and for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2023 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10279b4c2cc42d4261ad6d9ddb80f064b1 
3. 
The "Annual Report 2022" of the Issuer, containing the English language translation of 
the respective German language audited consolidated financial statements (IFRS) of the 
Issuer as of and for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2022 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/1041b7a1a8154a41e29e392f31bf2964e4

--- Page 253 ---
253 
XIV. 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
THE ISSUER 
TAG Immobilien AG 
Steckelhörn 5 
20457 Hamburg 
Germany 
ARRANGER 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
FISCAL AND PAYING AGENT 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
DEALERS 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
Noerr Partnerschaftsgesellschaft mbB 
Börsenstraße 1 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
To the Dealers 
Linklaters LLP 
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 254 ---
254 
AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Dammtorstraße 12 
20354 Hamburg 
Germany