--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
18 March 2022 
 
 
This document constitutes the base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, Prospectus Regulation) in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of Article 2(c) of the 
Prospectus Regulation of TAG Immobilien AG (Base Prospectus). 
 
TAG Immobilien AG 
(Hamburg, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer 
EUR 3,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
(Programme) 
Under this Base Prospectus, TAG Immobilien AG (Issuer and, together with its consolidated group companies, TAG or Group), subject to compliance 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue unsubordinated bearer notes in a minimum denomination of 
EUR 100,000.00 per Note (together, Notes). The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under the Debt Issuance Programme described in this 
Base Prospectus (Programme) outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 3,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). The principal 
amount of the Notes, the issue currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, the issue prices and maturities of the Notes and all other 
terms and conditions which are applicable to a particular Tranche of Notes (each term as defined below, see "GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE 
PROGRAMME") will be set out in the document containing the final terms (each Final Terms) within the meaning of Art. 8(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF) of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (Lux-
embourg) in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as 
an endorsement of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Application has been made to list the Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) and to admit the Notes 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as 
amended (MiFID II). However, Notes may also be issued under the Programme which are listed on a stock exchange other than the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange or which are not listed on any stock exchange. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form together with all documents incorporated 
by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus 
will also be published on the website of the Issuer (www.tag-ag.com/en/investor-relations/creditor-relations). This Base Prospectus is valid for a 
period of twelve months after its approval. The validity ends upon expiration of 18 March 2023. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This 
Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the Notes in any jurisdiction where such offer or solicita-
tion is unlawful. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act) and subject to certain 
exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and that 
they consider the suitability of the Notes as an investment in light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Investing in the Notes involves 
certain risks. Please review the section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page 11 of this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers  
BofA Securities 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank 
Société Générale Corporate 
& Investment Banking

--- Page 2 ---
2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer, with its registered seat (Sitz) in Hamburg, Germany, and its registered office in Hamburg, Germany accepts 
responsibility for the information given in the Base Prospectus and for the information which will be contained in the 
Final Terms. 
The Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge the information contained in this Base Prospectus for 
which it is responsible is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect 
its import. 
By approving the Base Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of 
the transactions under the Programme and the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Arti-
cle 6(4) of the Prospectus Act. 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any other 
documents incorporated herein by reference (see "DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE" below). Full infor-
mation on the Issuer and any Tranche of Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of the Base Prospec-
tus, any supplement thereto and the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in 
this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer (as de-
fined in "GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAM"). 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, is 
responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any supplement thereto, or any Final Terms or 
any other document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of 
any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the 
information contained in any of these documents. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply an 
amount equivalent to the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote 
social and environmental purposes (together, Eligible Sustainable Projects). The Issuer has established a framework 
for such issuances (Sustainable Finance Framework) which further specifies the eligibility criteria for such Eligible 
Sustainable Projects. The Sustainable Finance Framework can be accessed on the website of the Issuer (www.tag-
ag.com/en/investor-relations/creditor-relations). For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Sustainable Finance Frame-
work nor the content of the website or any sustainability evaluation in connection with the Sustainable Finance 
Framework are incorporated by reference into or form part of this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers, the Arranger, 
any of its affiliates or any other person mentioned in the Base Prospectus makes any representation as to the suita-
bility of such Notes to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. The Deal-
ers and the Arranger have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the Sustainable Finance Frame-
work or the Eligible Sustainable Projects, any verification of whether the Eligible Sustainable Projects meet the criteria 
set out in the Sustainable Finance Framework or the monitoring of the use of proceeds.  
The Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months following the date of its approval and the Base Prospectus and any 
supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms reflects the status as of their respective dates of issue. Neither the 
delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any

--- Page 3 ---
3 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the 
Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority 
of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States of America (United States). The Notes will be issued in bearer 
form and are subject to certain U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person. The term "U.S. 
person" has the meaning ascribed to it in Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (Code) and regulations thereunder. The Notes are being offered and sold outside 
the United States to non-U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S and may not be legally or beneficially owned at any 
time by any U.S. person. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of 
this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale – Selling Restrictions". 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an 
offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person 
to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or an invitation 
to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any Dealer 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recip-
ient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The language of the Base Prospectus except for the form of terms and conditions of the Notes (Terms and Conditions) 
is English. The binding language of the terms and conditions of each Series of Notes will be specified in the respective 
Final Terms. 
Some figures (including percentages) in the Base Prospectus have been rounded in accordance with commercial 
rounding. 
The information on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of the Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinized or approved by the CSSF unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommend-
ing the Notes (each a Distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 of 7 April 2016 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Govern-
ance Rules. The Issuer is not a manufacturer or Distributor for the purposes of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET –  The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recom-
mending the Notes (a UK Distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK 
Distributor subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook Product Intervention and Product Govern-
ance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market as-
sessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining ap-
propriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Gov-
ernance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules. The Issuer is not a manufacturer or UK Distributor for the purposes of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS –  If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled 
"PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Arti-
cle 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution (recast) (as amended), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation. If the above mentioned legend is included in the relevant Final Terms, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 
2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (PRIIPs), as 
amended (PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / UK RETAIL INVESTORS –  If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
"PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended or superseded (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA. If the above mentioned legend is in-
cluded in the relevant Final Terms, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA (UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF 
SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded In-
vestment Products (as defined in the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION – The Final Terms in respect of any of the Notes offered on the basis of the Base Pro-
spectus may specify that interest amounts payable under floating rate Notes are calculated by reference to the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), which as at the date of the Base Prospectus is provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute (EMMI). As at the date of the Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Arti-
cle 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used 
as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, 
as amended (Benchmarks Regulation). The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation 
is a matter of public record and save where required by applicable law the Issuer does not intend to include in the 
relevant Final Terms any information on the registration status of any administrator. 
In the Base Prospectus, all references to €, EUR or euro are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage 
of the European economic and monetary union, and defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 
3 May, 1998, on the introduction of the euro, as amended. All references to $, US$ or USD are to the US dollar, the 
official currency of the United States. All references to PLN are to the złoty, the official currency of the Republic of 
Poland (Poland). 
A tranche of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a tranche of Notes is rated, such rating and the respective rating 
agency will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
STABILISATION – In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if 
any) named as stabilising manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf of a stabilising manager) 
may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on 
or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant stabilising manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
stabilising manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
ESG RATINGS – The Issuer's exposure to Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risks and the related management 
arrangements established to mitigate those risks has been assessed through ESG ratings. Please refer to the section 
"BUSINESS OF THE GROUP – SUSTAINABILITY" for further information. ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agen-
cies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may differ. The Issuer's ESG ratings are not necessarily indica-
tive of its current or future operating or financial performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are only 
current as of the dates on which they were initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such ESG ratings information contained in the Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment 
decision. Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory or 
other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. For more information regarding the

--- Page 6 ---
6 
assessment methodologies used to determine ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings agency's website (which 
website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, the Base Prospectus). 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
The Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that does 
not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet 
determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as 
"outlook", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "seek", 
"will" and similar terms and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in 
the Base Prospectus containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding the Group's 
business and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other fac-
tors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in the Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer 
makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and 
other factors which could cause actual results, including the Group's financial condition and results of operations, to 
differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been suggested or described in these 
forward-looking statements. The Group's business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could 
cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in the Base Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, 
investors are strongly advised to read the sections "RISK FACTORS", "GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER" and 
"BUSINESS OF THE GROUP" in the Base Prospectus. These sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that 
might have an impact on the Group's business and the markets in which it operates.  
In light of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions contained therein, future events described in the Base Prospectus 
may not occur. In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to 
update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or develop-
ments. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus contains certain alternative performance measures, as defined in the guidelines issued by ESMA 
concerning the presentation of alternative performance measures disclosed in regulated information and prospec-
tuses published as from 3 July 2016, which are not recognized financial measures under the International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (IFRS) or any other generally accepted accounting principles 
(GAAP) (Non-GAAP Measures). These Non-GAAP-Measures include net actual rent, EBITDA (adjusted), FFO I, FFO I 
per share, FFO II, FFO II per share, AFFO, AFFO per share, Result Operations Poland, EPRA Net Tangible Assets (EPRA 
NTA) per share, Loan to Value (LTV), Interest Cover Ratio (ICR) and Net Financial Debt/EBITDA (adjusted) (for more 
information, see "GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER – Selected Non-GAAP Measures" below). 
Such Non-GAAP Measures must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial 
information prepared in accordance with IFRS included elsewhere or incorporated by reference in the Base Prospec-
tus. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these Non-GAAP Measures and are also advised to review 
them in conjunction with the financial statements of the Issuer including the related notes thereto, incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................................ 11 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................................... 44 
BUSINESS OF THE GROUP .............................................................................................................................................. 78 
ISSUE PROCEDURES ....................................................................................................................................................... 89 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................................................... 91 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................................... 202 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................................... 224 
TAXATION WARNING .................................................................................................................................................. 225 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................................................ 226 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................................. 230 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................................ 233 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES ............................................................................................................................................. 235

--- Page 8 ---
8 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
GENERAL 
Under the Programme, TAG Immobilien AG (Issuer and, together with its consolidated group companies, TAG 
or Group), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue 
notes (Notes) to one or more of the following Dealers: BofA Securities Europe SA, Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), 
S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Société Générale and any additional Dealer appointed under the Pro-
gramme from time to time by the Issuer which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis 
(together Dealers). Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft acts as arranger in respect of the Programme (Arranger). 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. acts as Luxembourg listing agent (Luxembourg Listing Agent). Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft will act as fiscal agent (Fiscal Agent) and paying agent (Paying Agent). 
The aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed 
EUR 3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) (Programme Amount). The Issuer may increase the 
Programme Amount in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined herein) from time to 
time. 
PROSPECTUS 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated 
Final Terms; or (2) pursuant to a Specific Prospectus (as defined below); or (3) in relation to Notes not publicly 
offered in, and not admitted to trading on a regulated market of, any member state of the European Economic 
Area (EEA), in such form as agreed between the Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s) and, if relevant for the Fiscal Agent, 
the Fiscal Agent. 
Specific Prospectus means any prospectus prepared by the Issuer in relation to Notes issued under the Pro-
gramme and having terms not contemplated by the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II, which may incor-
porate by reference certain parts of the Base Prospectus and which constitutes a prospectus for the purposes 
of Article 6 para. 3 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 
(as amended, Prospectus Regulation), including any documents which are from time to time incorporated by 
reference in the Specific Prospectus, as such Specific Prospectus is amended, supplemented or replaced from 
time to time. 
ISSUES OF NOTES 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. 
The Notes issued under this Base Prospectus will be issued as fixed rate (Fixed Rate Notes) or floating rate notes 
(Floating Rate Notes). 
Notes will be issued in series (each a Series) having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical 
(or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to 
be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a Tranche) 
on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where nec-
essary, with the relevant terms and conditions of the Notes (Terms and Conditions) and, save in respect of the 
issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the 
terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final terms. 
Notes of any Tranche may be issued at a price (Issue Price) equal to their principal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their principal amount. The Issue Price for the Notes of any Tranche issued on a syndicated basis

--- Page 9 ---
9 
will be determined at the time of pricing on the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the 
orders of the investors which are received by the Dealers during the placement of such Notes. Orders will specify 
a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine 
the Issue Price. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, 
EUR 100,000.00, and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount in such other currency at least equivalent 
to EUR 100,000.00 at the time of the issue of Notes. Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be issued in euro or any other currency. 
Notes will be issued with such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), sub-
ject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by any laws, 
regulations and directives applicable to the Issuer or the relevant currency. 
The principal amount of the Notes, the currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, if any, the day 
count fraction, the Issue Price and maturities of the Notes which are applicable to a particular Tranche will be 
set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
Each Tranche of Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global note (each a Temporary Global Note). 
Interests in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interest in a permanent global 
note (each a Permanent Global Note) on or after the date 40 days after the later of the commencement of the 
offering and the relevant issue date (Exchange Date), upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The Notes will be freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant Clearing Sys-
tem.  
DISTRIBUTION OF NOTES 
Notes may be distributed by way of public offer or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Notes may be offered to qualified and non-qualified investors. 
The offer and distribution of any Notes of any Tranche will be subject to selling restrictions, including those for 
the United States, the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom. See "Subscription and Sale" below. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" and/or "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommend-
ing the Notes (a Distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distribu-
tor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets 
in financial instruments, as amended (MiFID II) and/or the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution chan-
nels. 
LISTING OF NOTES 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to 
be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Official List) and to be admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg", appearing on the list of regulated

--- Page 10 ---
10 
markets issued by the European Commission. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated 
market included on the list of regulated markets published by ESMA for the purposes of MiFID II. However, Notes 
may be listed on any other stock exchange, subject to the notification of the Base Prospectus in accordance with 
Art. 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, or may be unlisted as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Programme, investors should carefully review and consider 
the following risk factors and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus. Should one or more of the 
risks described below materialise, this may have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, sharehold-
ers' equity, assets, financial position and results of operations (Vermögens-, Finanz- und Ertragslage) or general 
affairs of the Issuer or the Group. Moreover, if any of these risks occur, the market value of Notes issued under 
the Programme and the likelihood that the Issuer will be in a position to fulfil its payment obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme may decrease, in which case the holders of Notes (Noteholders) issued under the 
Programme could lose all or part of their investments. Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the 
purpose of assessing the risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with Notes issued under the Programme for other unknown reasons than those described below. 
Additional risks of which the Issuer is not presently aware could also affect the business operations of the Issuer 
or the Group and have a material adverse effect on their business activities, financial condition and results of 
operations. Prospective investors should read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any in-
vestment decision. 
The following risk factors are organised in categories depending on their respective nature. In each category the 
most material risk factors, based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their 
negative impact, are mentioned first. 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions shall have the same meanings in this section. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and the Group are presented in categories depending on their nature with 
the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
Market Risks 
TAG is dependent on general economic and demographic developments in the markets where its properties 
are located. 
TAG is a property company with its primary focus on the German real estate sector. The core of TAG's business 
model is the long-term letting of flats. Besides long-term property management, the Group selectively exploits 
sales opportunities in order to reinvest the realised capital. Following the acquisition of Vantage Development 
S.A., Warsaw, Poland (Vantage) in November 2019 and the acquisition of ROBYG S.A., Warsaw, Poland (ROBYG) 
in December 2021 (which is expected to be closed on 31 March 2022, TAG has added a focus on the Polish 
residential market to its business. Overall, as of 31 December 2021, TAG managed around 87,600 residential 
units in Germany and circa 500 units in Poland and had a contractually secured project pipeline for the construc-
tion of around 12,100 further units in Poland (not including the portfolio and project pipeline of ROBYG). 
Based on its business model, TAG significantly relies on rental income. General economic and demographic fac-
tors significantly impact demand for TAG's properties, the rents that TAG can achieve, the payment patterns of 
TAG's tenants, the vacancy rate, the valuation of TAG's properties and other developments significant to the 
business of TAG. The properties owned by TAG are located in various regions of Northern and Eastern Germany, 
the Berlin region and North Rhine-Westphalia and, starting in the 2020 fiscal year, in Poland, especially in

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Warsaw, Gdańsk, Wrocław, Poznań, Kraków and Łódź. TAG is thus dependent on general economic and demo-
graphic developments, especially in Germany and Poland and within regional sub-markets, which may vary sig-
nificantly. 
In the last few years, the real estate markets in which TAG operates have experienced an increase in rent levels. 
There is a risk that the real estate market will not continue this trend and, consequently, the increase in rent 
levels will weaken or that rent levels will even decrease in the future. Such developments may also result in 
decreasing valuations of properties. The real estate markets in which TAG operates, including the development 
of rent levels and real estate prices, is affected by overall economic and demographic conditions, especially in 
Germany and Poland. Real estate markets are generally affected by numerous economic factors, such as interest 
rate levels (see also below "―Macroeconomic developments, in particular rising interest rates, could impair the 
German and Polish real estate market and the valuation of TAG's property portfolio."), financing conditions, real 
income, economic confidence, inflation, unemployment rates, increases in taxes or perceived or actual declines 
in corporate investments and capital expenditure and demographic factors, such as population, migration and 
household growth. Economic contraction, economic uncertainty and the perception by tenants of weak or weak-
ening economic conditions could cause a decline in the demand for real estate and thereby influence market 
prices, rent levels, rental income and vacancy rates in the real estate market. Any developments in the general 
economic and demographic conditions of the German and Polish market can have significant effects TAG's busi-
ness and operations. 
At the moment, numerous factors are contributing to the considerable uncertainty concerning the economic 
situation going forward. The Russian military invasion in Ukraine had a negative effect on both European and 
global markets and led to large degree of uncertainty. As of the date of the Prospectus, the further development 
of this armed conflict as well as its long-term repercussions on the global economy and markets are still unclear. 
Since Poland is a direct neighbour of Ukraine, the crisis could in particular affect the Polish market in which TAG 
operates. Further sanctions against Russia could also have material adverse effects on the economic environ-
ment in which TAG operates. Specifically, a ban of oil and gas imports from Russia could have negative effects 
on the economy of Germany and other European countries which strongly rely on such imports. In addition, the 
outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply 
chains, created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets and increased unemployment levels (see 
also below "―Risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic."). In Europe, potential future changes to monetary policy, 
renewed doubts about the future of the Eurozone, political uncertainty arising from populist movements, insuf-
ficient deleveraging in the private and public sectors, a halt in implementing structural and financial reforms and 
an elevated level of political uncertainty could adversely affect TAG's operations. 
TAG's business focus on specific regions within Germany or Poland can also lead to a dependency on regional 
market developments and expansion risks. This applies in particular to the Eastern German states, where the 
majority of TAG's real estate assets and holdings are located. The economic development of some locations in 
which TAG has invested could depend heavily on a few companies or industries. As a result, if large companies, 
companies vital to certain regions, or companies in one or several industries were to become insolvent, close or 
relocate, this could have a material adverse effect on the economic development of the relevant location and, 
therefore, on TAG's portfolio. 
As a result of the geographic focus of TAG's real estate portfolio on Germany and Poland, a negative develop-
ment, contraction or lack of growth in the German or Polish economy or overall macroeconomic conditions as 
well as demographic developments could have a material adverse effect on TAG's business, financial condition, 
cash flow and results of operations.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other serious public health concerns, such as the 
outbreak of COVID-19, together with any measures aimed at mitigating a further expansion thereof, such as 
restrictions on travel, imposition of quarantines, prolonged closures of workplaces, or curfews or other social 
distancing measures, may have a material adverse effect on the global economy and international financial mar-
kets in general and on the markets in which the Group operates in particular. The implications of such outbreaks 
depend on a number of factors, such as the duration and spread of the respective outbreak as well as the timing, 
suitability and effectiveness of measures imposed by authorities, the availability of resources, including human, 
material, infrastructure and financial (e.g. governmental stimulus packages and/or measures introduced by cen-
tral banks) required to implement effective responses to the respective situation at the international, national 
and regional level as well as the level of civil compliance with such measures. There is no guarantee that such 
measures, or a combination thereof, are effective means to combat such an outbreak and the implications re-
sulting therefrom, which may result in an increase of credit risk, liquidity risk and operational risk for the Group 
and, ultimately, have material adverse effects on the operating results of the Group and its business and financial 
situation. 
A number of factors that are important for the Group to successfully conduct its business could be materially 
affected by the spread of COVID-19. The social distancing measures implemented by countries around the world 
to slow down the spread of COVID-19 could result in a severe global recession and financial crisis. As economic 
activity is drastically reduced for several months, many businesses could be forced to close, leading to a dramatic 
increase in unemployment. As businesses and unemployed workers no longer have the income to pay their 
outstanding debts, the number of defaults could significantly increase. Such developments could have a number 
of effects on the Group's business, including the following: 
 
Some tenants in the Group's properties could find it increasingly difficult to pay their rent, thereby leading 
to a dramatic increase in late payments or rent losses. 
 
Other tenants in the Group's properties may no longer be able to afford to pay rent at all and be forced 
to move out, thereby further reducing the Group's income stream. Moreover, if unemployment is wide-
spread, the Group may not be able to find tenants to take the place of those that had to move out. As a 
result, the Group may be confronted with having to endure either a higher rate of vacancies or lower 
rental prices at its properties. 
 
In light of the expected payment difficulties of private individuals and companies as a result of the pan-
demic, the German legislator has enacted certain legislative amendments: As part of these measures, 
rental agreements can until June 30, 2022 no longer be terminated by the landlord solely based on a 
default in rental payments in the period from April 1, 2020 to June 30, 2020, if the failure to pay is due to 
the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. It cannot be excluded, that the German legislator will renew such 
measures or adopt additional measures, including restrictions on carrying out rent increases, which could 
further limit landlord's rights towards their tenants. 
 
As regards the Group's properties for sale, lower economic activity could also make it more difficult to 
sell properties at the price expected by the Group or at all. If the Group cannot sell certain properties, it 
would be forced to pay the cost of upkeep without the possibility of recouping such costs in a later sale. 
 
The COVID-19 pandemic, the measures imposed by authorities to mitigate the crisis and the resulting 
economic implications could have material negative effects on the valuation of real estate properties and 
therefore on the assets of the Group.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Furthermore, there is a risk that in the event of a prolonged or even more extensive lock-down, e.g., 
viewing appointments may not take place as planned and thus TAG's vacancy reduction targets may not 
be achieved. 
 
As a result of increased levels of defaults, banks may have reduced liquidity, which could make it harder 
for the Group to obtain the financing it requires to pursue its acquisition and development strategies or 
even for its regular operations. Financing costs could rise and thus reduce the profitability of investments. 
There may also be distortions of market liquidity in the capital markets. This may result in increased refi-
nancing and liquidity risks. 
 
Development, refurbishment and maintenance projects works might see delays, especially due to lock-
down measures and certain constraints, such as delays of required permits from state authorities, delays 
of and difficulties with the supply of raw materials as well as possible limitations of construction workers 
permitted on site or their availability due to health issues. Especially with respect to TAG's business in 
Poland, the COVID-19 pandemic could result in delays in the construction or sale of flats. This could lead 
to the postponement of rental and sales revenues to later periods and also to cost increases and addi-
tional financing costs. 
 
In addition, even if it is able to complete the development of certain properties, it may not be able to find 
suitable purchasers on account of significantly reduced demand. Such demand may be reduced due to 
either liquidity constraints faced by potential purchasers or due to a general decrease in demand for new 
properties. 
 
Restrictions in the range of services offered, for example due to mandatory "lock-down" and quarantine 
measures. 
 
Increased operational costs due to, inter alia, requirements on occupational health and safety. 
 
As regards regional developments, the spread of COVID-19 may also slow the rate at which people move 
from rural and suburban areas into cities, which could have a negative impact on rental prices and overall 
residential demand in cities. 
The risks outlined above could each have a significant negative impact on the business of the Group. Moreover, 
such impact would be greater if the various risks took effect simultaneously. 
Macroeconomic developments, in particular rising interest rates, could impair the German and Polish real 
estate market and the valuation of TAG's property portfolio. 
The global financial and economic crisis and subsequent debt crisis increased uncertainty regarding future eco-
nomic developments, particularly in the Eurozone. Also, in the current economic environment, various risks exist 
and new crises could emerge that may cause economic and financial market disturbances. The uncertainty re-
garding the general economic outlook has made investment opportunities that provide stable and largely pre-
dictable cash flows, such as investments in German and Polish residential real estate, more popular. This trend 
has been exacerbated by historically low interest rates in Europe. As a result, property prices and the value of 
residential real estate have increased. 
These developments could reverse themselves if, for example, interest rates were to rise, as observed in some 
parts of the world. A rise in interest rates in Europe could result in increased investor interest in investments 
with a higher risk profile and a decrease in the attractiveness of real estate investments. A change in the interest 
rate policy by the European Central Bank may result in higher discount and capitalisation rates and have a neg-
ative impact on the fair value of TAG's real estate portfolio. It can also negatively affect the willingness of

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
potential buyers to make real estate purchases and therefore constrain TAG's disposal business. Additionally, 
financial institutions may require that borrowers meet more stringent requirements with regard to creditwor-
thiness. This could lead potential buyers of residential properties to refrain from purchasing real estate due to 
worse financing terms or restricted availability of credit. 
A significant increase in real estate loan interest rates and more stringent borrower qualification requirements 
may also require TAG to postpone scheduled investments and delay, due to market conditions, planned dispos-
als. Besides this, any such increase in the interest rate levels may permanently impair TAG's ability to finance 
real estate portfolio acquisitions through debt and may generally impact the Group's ability to refinance its lia-
bilities. Consequently, TAG may be forced to sell real estate portfolios at substantial discounts, due in large part 
to difficult financing conditions experienced by buyers, which may be further exacerbated by an increase in 
persons selling real estate assets, including TAG's competitors. As a result, TAG may be exposed to the risk of a 
reduction in the fair value of its total real estate portfolio and may be required to recognise the corresponding 
losses from the resulting fair value adjustments of the Group's investment properties in its consolidated profit 
and loss statement. The realisation of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's net 
assets, financial condition and results of operations. 
Given the Group's dependence on its ability to access financial markets for the refinancing of its liabilities, any 
increase in interest rates could also increase the Group's cost of refinancing its existing and future liabilities. 
TAG is exposed to intense competition. There is a risk that it might not be able to compete successfully, or that 
it might not be able to distinguish itself adequately from its competitors. 
TAG faces various competitors in all sectors of its business, including from real estate companies, real estate 
funds, family offices, financial investors with a more opportunistic investment approach, and other institutional 
investors. Because of the size and fragmentation of the German and Polish real estate market and the multiplic-
ity of market participants, TAG is exposed to intense competition. Several of TAG's competitors have substan-
tially greater financial resources or better financing opportunities, larger or more diversified real estate holdings, 
or conversely, because of greater specialisation, they have real estate holdings more specific to their target 
groups; or they may have other competitive advantages over TAG. 
In the future, the intense competition to which TAG is exposed could result in lower rental income or lower 
proceeds from disposals. In acquisitions of further real estate portfolios, competitive pressure could cause pur-
chase prices to rise substantially and thus reduce the returns from newly acquired portfolios. In particular, port-
folio transactions in the recent past have shown increasing interest of national and international investors in 
German real estate portfolios. This interest is likely to grow due to an increase in the number of publicly listed 
real estate companies in Germany having access to the capital market and pursuing an investment strategy sim-
ilar to that of TAG. A continuing or even increasing interest of competing investors could lead to increasing 
purchase prices, reduced investment opportunities for TAG and might even prevent TAG from acquiring further 
property and thus jeopardise TAG's strategy. TAG also competes with other property companies, investment 
funds, institutional investors, individual owners and other entities to attract and retain suitable tenants on fa-
vourable terms. 
If TAG is unable to compete successfully, or to distinguish itself adequately from its competitors, this could have 
a material adverse effect on its business and its net assets, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
The currently relatively high market prices and limited availability for residential properties and residential 
property portfolios could inhibit TAG's ability acquire additional residential property portfolios at attractive 
conditions. 
TAG sees internal growth its German portfolio as one main driver. However, as part of its business strategy, TAG 
also seeks to capture external growth opportunities by acquiring real estate, residential real estate portfolios 
and real estate companies when these are deemed to enhance the value of the Group. Such acquisitions may 
only be implemented, however, if attractive real estate, real estate portfolios or real estate companies are avail-
able for purchase at economically reasonable prices. Given the current high demand for residential real estate 
in Germany and Poland, such real estate, portfolios and companies may be unavailable or available only on 
unfavourable terms. Due to the increasing consolidation in the German and Polish residential real estate mar-
kets, the number of available real estate portfolios has further decreased. In addition, competitors with asset 
acquisition objectives similar to those of the Group may possess greater financial resources and lower costs of 
capital than TAG. Furthermore, it cannot be guaranteed that the Group will be able to generate sufficient funds 
to finance such envisaged acquisitions in the future. There is no guarantee that TAG will be able to continue to 
identify or acquire a sufficient number of suitable properties at reasonable prices that will allow TAG to success-
fully implement its business strategy or grow its business effectively. 
Additionally, the supply of real estate might be limited, for example, due to fewer sales of real estate and real 
estate portfolios by public and private long-term owners. If public long-term owners cease privatising or if they 
reduce their privatisation activities, supply could be constricted, which could increase competition for acquisi-
tions that would be suitable for the Group and result in the prices of residential properties increasing further. 
As a consequence of these factors, the Group could be forced to pay higher prices or to acquire fewer (if any) 
properties. 
If TAG is no longer able to acquire suitable real estate, real estate portfolios or real estate companies at favour-
able terms in the future, this could limit its future growth and prevent it from achieving additional economies of 
scale. In turn, this could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, financial position, cash flow 
and income of TAG. 
TAG may be unable to sell a portion or the whole of its portfolio on favourable terms. 
The real estate market in which TAG invests and operates is characterised by limited liquidity. The Group's gen-
eral ability to sell parts of its real estate portfolio depends on the state of investment markets and on market 
liquidity. In addition to residential real estate management, TAG also engages in the sale of properties. TAG 
cannot ensure that sales will be carried out in the projected numbers, within the projected time frame or on 
favourable terms. The factors that may affect a possible sale include, among other things, the demand for real 
estate, the creditworthiness of the purchasers and the number of competitors. This risk could increase signifi-
cantly after the closing of the ROBYG acquisition in connection with the sale of residential real estate units in 
Poland.  
In order to service its debt (amortisation and interest) and to undertake necessary investments, TAG must gen-
erate positive cash flows from operating and investing activities including new developments. If TAG is unable 
to generate positive cash flows from its operating activities in the future, the Group may be forced to sell apart-
ments irrespective of the market situation. If TAG were to be required to sell parts of its real estate portfolio, 
including for the purpose of raising cash to support its operations, there is no guarantee that the Group would 
be able to sell such parts, or the whole, of its portfolio on favourable terms or at all. In the case of a forced sale 
of all or part of TAG's real estate portfolio, for example, if creditors of the Group realise collateral, a significant 
shortfall between the price obtained and the carrying amount of the portfolio sold is possible.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Such events could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition and results of op-
erations. 
Risks related to the Group's Business Activities 
TAG may suffer a loss of in-place rents, higher vacancy rates and may be unable to find retain suitable and 
solvent tenants. Vacancies may also prevent TAG from passing on fixed operating costs to tenants. 
TAG's commercial success depends significantly on the Group's ability to maintain and increase its rental income. 
The amount of current gross rental income TAG can generate and the Group's ability to increase its in-place 
rents from existing tenants depend on several factors. These factors include the demand for residential and 
commercial properties, the customary local re-letting rent, the condition and location of the property, modern-
isation measures undertaken, including their scope, as well as tenant turnover. Moreover, when setting the in-
place rent levels for its residential properties, TAG is subject to the restrictions of applicable landlord-tenant 
laws. 
Further, in certain cases where an increase of in-place rents from existing tenants would be legally possible, TAG 
may not be able to implement such increases due to its commitment to social responsibility. Therefore, TAG 
might not be able to maintain or increase in-place rents in a manner or to the extent that would be in its eco-
nomic interest or reflect market prices. Even if increased modernisation costs were to merit higher in-place rents 
from a commercial perspective, the Group may not be able to impose such increases in the in-place rents. 
Based on current legislation, without consideration of the Mietendeckel or rent cap (see also below "Regulatory 
and Legal Risks―The Group's ability to increase rents is subject to legal restrictions. These restrictions are already 
extensive and could be further tightened in the future."), only up to 8% of the costs incurred for modernisation 
measures (minus the costs that would be necessary for maintenance measures) may be charged to the annual 
rent. Lower demand for housing may lead to higher vacancies and result in lower in-place rents. In contrast to 
Germany, the rental housing market in Poland is much smaller. The ownership ratio in Poland is significantly 
higher than in Germany. Against this backdrop, there is a risk for TAG that the apartments offered for rent in 
Poland in the future will not encounter sufficient demand as the ownership ratio is not declining, and is actually 
increasing further, including in the large cities in Poland targeted by TAG. In combination with a further increase 
in new construction activity, this could result in oversupply. Vacancies resulting in reduced in-place rents also 
occur when apartments must or should be refurbished and thus cannot be rented out. Lower demand for hous-
ing may also force the Group to lease its apartments on less favourable terms or to tenants who pose a greater 
risk of rent losses due to reduced creditworthiness. If tenants fail to meet their rent payment obligations in 
whole or in part (e.g. due to a deterioration of their economic situation because of a job loss), or if larger num-
bers of tenants terminate their rental agreements without the Group being able to re-let the property within a 
reasonably short period of time or only at lower rent levels, the rental income could be significantly lower than 
originally estimated, while TAG's operating costs might remain largely fixed or might even increase. TAG could 
therefore sustain losses in current gross rental income, which may have a material adverse effect on the funds 
from operations. To the extent that TAG is in fact able to re-let an apartment, there is a risk that it might no 
longer be able to do so on the original terms, or might be able to do so only after making an additional invest-
ment to maintain or re-establish the attractiveness of the property. Failure to find and retain suitable tenants 
may prevent TAG from maintaining its current vacancy rate or renting vacant space or force TAG to reduce the 
rent it demands from current and future tenants. Also, TAG's profits may be adversely affected by its inability to 
pass on fixed operating costs for vacant space, including local taxes and service charges, and TAG would have to 
bear such costs until the affected rental space is fully rented again. The Group may also experience a loss of in-
place rents, rent reductions and increased vacancies in situations where, for example, the properties are situated 
in undesirable locations (either as a result of social or economic conditions) or where there is only limited de-
mand for housing given the local market conditions, resulting in a decline in total current gross rental income.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
TAG is required to conduct its real estate management business in such a manner that the properties are main-
tained in the condition as required by the leases and by law. If this is not possible and if the required maintenance 
measures are not performed on time or at all, in-place rents may decline. Additionally, TAG may experience a 
shortfall in income through a planned vacancy if it decides to refurbish or sell a property. 
All of these factors, individually or collectively, may have a material adverse effect on revenue and earnings, and 
thus have a material adverse effect on the net assets, financial condition and results of operations of TAG. 
TAG may be unable to identify all risks associated with properties or portfolios it acquires and may overesti-
mate the value of such acquisition opportunities. 
Due to the limited time available to evaluate acquisition opportunities and constraints imposed by the sellers, 
TAG may, in some cases, only be able to conduct a limited due diligence investigation when acquiring new prop-
erties. Accordingly, TAG may not be able to identify and examine all risks associated with acquisitions. For ex-
ample, TAG may not be able to assess whether the original owners of the properties (and potential successors) 
have obtained, maintained or renewed all required permits, satisfied all permit conditions, received all necessary 
licenses and fire and safety certificates, or satisfied all other requirements. In addition, the properties may suffer 
from hidden defects, damage or environmental contamination, or warranties given by sellers might be insuffi-
cient or unenforceable (see also below "―TAG is exposed to risks arising from the structural condifion of its 
properties, their maintenance and repair."). Moreover, TAG may not be in a position to carry out all follow-up 
investigations, inspections and appraisals (or to obtain the results of such inquiries). Accordingly, in the course 
of the acquisition of properties or portfolios, specific risks may not be, or may not have been, identified, evalu-
ated and addressed correctly. Legal, tax or economic liabilities may be, or may have been, overlooked or mis-
judged. In particular, the application of real estate transfer tax (Grunderwerbsteuer) may inadvertently be trig-
gered in the context of such acquisitions of real estate (see also below "Regulatory and Legal Risks― A transfer 
of 90% or more of shares or interest in real estate-holding entities within a ten-year period may trigger German 
real estate transfer tax."). 
Furthermore, TAG may overestimate the earnings potential and potential synergies from acquisitions, in partic-
ular in the case of acquisitions of portfolios, or underestimate the rental and cost-related risks, including ex-
pected demand from tenants for the respective property or portfolio and expected capital expenditures for 
repositioning, maintaining or modernizing the property, and consequently pay a purchase price that exceeds 
the actual value of a property or portfolio. Furthermore, properties and portfolios could be inaccurately ap-
praised, even if they were acquired on the basis of valuation reports by reputable independent appraisers and 
due diligence investigations. Therefore, neither a particular cash flow from rentals nor a certain retail price can 
be guaranteed with respect to acquired properties and portfolios.  
Any failure to assess the value and risks associated with properties or portfolios TAG acquires could have a ma-
terial adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
TAG is exposed to risks arising from the structural condition of its properties, their maintenance and repair. 
To ensure the safety of residents, sustainable demand for housing and appropriate income in the long term, 
rental properties must satisfy structural requirements and market demand, or be brought into such a condition. 
If a rental property is not maintained in a reasonable condition, this jeopardises the health and safety of the 
tenants. 
TAG's real estate portfolios have been inspected prior to purchase in the course of a due diligence investigation 
with respect to their structural condition and, to the extent necessary, the existence of harmful environmental 
impacts. It is possible, however, that damage or quality defects may remain entirely undiscovered, or that the

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
scope of such problems is not fully apparent in the course of the due diligence investigation, and/or that defects 
become apparent only at a later point in time. 
In general, sellers exclude all liability for concealed defects. If liability for such concealed defects has not been 
fully excluded, it is possible that the representations and warranties made in the purchase agreement with re-
spect to the property failed to cover all risks relating to the acquisition. Additionally, warranties may be or be-
come unenforceable, for example due to a seller's insolvency. In some cases, a seller may make no representa-
tion or warranty as to the sufficiency and correctness of the information made available in the context of a due 
diligence investigation, or as to whether such information remains correct during the period between the con-
clusion of the due diligence investigation and the closing of the respective acquisition. Regarding older property 
in the overall portfolio, no comprehensive investigation or review was undertaken as to the existence of harmful 
environmental contamination. As a result, it is possible that significant environmental contamination, e.g. re-
sulting from the use of construction materials containing asbestos, was inherited and yet not recognised in the 
property (see also below "Risks related to the valuation of TAG's properties―TAG could be exposed to risks re-
sulting from its project development business."). TAG may be exposed to financial liability for any required re-
mediation measures. 
In addition, modernisation and renovation of properties may be necessary to increase their appeal or to meet 
changing legal requirements (such as the intensification of the German Energy Saving Ordinance (Energiee-
insparverordnung)). Such measures can be large-scale and expensive. In this context, the German government 
has announced the political aim to reach a climate-neutral total building stock in Germany by 2050 which will 
require significant investments in building envelopes and facility technology. The allocation of these costs be-
tween landlords, tenants and the German state, however, is still unclear. 
Normally the costs incurred to keep a rental property maintained are borne primarily by the owner of the prop-
erty. If repairs or improvements are needed for any reason, the owner can face significant costs. In Germany, 
these expenses can only be charged to the tenants as part of the rent under certain conditions and only in the 
amount of a certain percentage of the costs incurred. This means that in some cases only a small share of these 
costs is paid by the tenants, while the majority must be paid by the owner of the property. It is even possible 
that in regions with intense competition, TAG is unable to raise rents to the extent permitted by law, whether 
because of prevailing market conditions or because tenants who receive social benefits – such tenants account 
for a considerable share of TAG's tenants – are not allowed to pay higher rents or for other reasons. 
Additionally, TAG may be exposed to unexpected problems or unrecognised risks, such as delays in the imple-
mentation of maintenance, refurbishment or modernisation measures in connection with acquired real estate 
portfolios, against which it might not have been contractually protected. TAG will incur additional and unex-
pected costs if the actual costs arising for the maintenance or improvement of its properties exceed TAG's esti-
mates, if TAG is not permitted to increase its rents in conjunction with maintenance work due to legal or con-
tractual restrictions, or if hidden defects are found during maintenance or improvement work. Moreover, the 
actual corresponding work may be delayed, for example, by reason of bad weather, poor performance or insol-
vency of contractors, or the discovery of unforeseen structural defects. There is also a risk that in many cases 
the craftsmen and construction industries currently lack sufficient capacity to swiftly fulfil the orders. 
As a result, TAG may be unable to lease a property as planned, effectuate increases in the rent or sell residential 
units. The Group's financial condition may deteriorate, and the value of the acquired assets may decline. If TAG 
is unable to perform appropriate maintenance or renovations in response to the above factors, this could impair 
the rental income generated by the property in question. Tenants would then be entitled to withhold rental 
payments, to reduce their rent or even to terminate their leases. TAG could also be subject to substantial claims 
for damages if the condition of the properties poses a threat to the life or health of occupants or other persons.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
The above risks could have a material adverse effect on TAG's business, net assets, financial position, cash flow 
and results of operations. 
The benefits that TAG may realise from acquisitions and takeovers could be materially different from the 
Group's expectations and the integration of acquired real estate portfolios and companies may neither be 
successful nor go as planned and may involve higher costs than expected or require more resources than ini-
tially planned. 
As part of TAG's business strategy, TAG may acquire companies to further expand its portfolio and its business 
activities. TAG evaluates property portfolios, development projects and real estate companies in order to iden-
tify those that might fit both its existing property portfolio and its current management platform. Any direct and 
indirect investments in property involve considerable risk. Apart from the risks associated with the acquired 
properties or companies themselves, acquisitions occupy management resources which cannot be deployed 
elsewhere within the Group. 
TAG has in the past and will in the future carry out acquisitions. In particular, TAG has acquired Vantage in No-
vember 2019. The acquisition of Vantage was closed in January 2020. In addition, TAG signed a share purchase 
agreement to acquire 100% of the shares in ROBYG on 22 December 2021. The acquisition is expected to close 
on 31 March 2022.  
Such transactions involve a number of risks, including: 
 
unexpected losses of key employees; 
 
extraordinary or unexpected legal, regulatory, contractual or other costs; 
 
challenges in managing the increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of operations; 
 
mitigating contingent and/or assumed liabilities; and 
 
the possible loss of customers and/or other business partners. 
TAG may not be able to realise the anticipated synergies, cost savings, future earnings, economies of scale, 
transfer of know-how or other benefits that it intends to achieve from such acquisitions or takeovers in whole 
or in part or such benefits may occur later than planned. This may result in higher administrative and manage-
ment costs. TAG cannot guarantee that any acquisition will yield benefits that are sufficient to justify the ex-
penses the Group has incurred. 
Newly acquired portfolios in Germany are frequently managed by third parties, at least for a transitional period. 
During this transition period, TAG is exposed to the risk that these external managers may fail to fulfil some or 
all of their duties under the respective service agreement and that it may not be able to adequately control or 
influence the management of the units in the new portfolio. 
The integration of acquisitions in the Group may require considerable personnel capacities and financial re-
sources. For a successful integration, it is also important to integrate the portfolios and existing staff of the two 
companies, connect different company cultures, harmonise IT-Systems and put into place common processes 
for the integrated group. It could become necessary to establish new organisational structures within TAG or 
the acquired companies, or to modify the existing ones. In that case, it might be necessary to hire new personnel 
and create new personnel management structures, or to integrate existing structures into the TAG's internal 
organisation, in its areas of property management, property development, renovation and modernisation of 
TAG, so that it can efficiently manage newly acquired real estate portfolios. Acquisitions could also alter TAG's

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
geographical footprint, as it has been the case especially with TAG's recent expansion to Poland, so that it could 
be, inter alia, necessary to create or integrate new regional corporate structures. For example, due to the acqui-
sition of Vantage, the Group's real estate portfolio now includes a significant number of units that are located 
at a considerable distance from the regions that TAG covered before these transactions. This number will be 
increased once the acquisition of ROBYG has been closed. TAG's internal organisation must also be adjusted 
continuously as required by its growth, for example in the areas of asset and property management, accounting, 
personnel and IT. This process of growth and integration could prove to be more difficult, or more time-consum-
ing and expensive, than TAG had originally expected. The integration may result in negative effects for the con-
tractual or legal position of TAG. 
Finally, TAG may not be able to access important documents of the potential target prior to the acquisition and 
has to rely on publicly available information and its knowledge of the industry. There can therefore be no guar-
antee that all circumstances, material for the evaluation of the target, are known to TAG prior to an investment 
decision. Should important, previously unknown, circumstances material for the evaluation of the target subse-
quently become known, this could lead to a deterioration of the economic results of the acquisition. 
The materialisation of any of the risks described above, especially in connection with the acquisitions of Vantage 
and ROBYG, could have material adverse effects on the net assets, financial condition and results of operations 
of the Group. 
TAG could be exposed to risks resulting from its project development business. 
As a result of the acquisition of Vantage in November 2019, TAG is also active in the project development busi-
ness. TAG's involvement in this business section will significantly increase when the acquisition of ROBYG has 
been closed, which is expected for 31 March 2022. TAG undertakes these real estate developments at its own 
risk and, due to inherent uncertainties, they may not be profitable. Such developments are typically long-term 
in nature and involve numerous risks, especially with respect to unplanned costs, including incorrect market 
assessments (e.g. unforeseen rises of costs for building materials or labour) and competitive assessments, delays 
in the planning approval and construction process, incorrect location and project development plans, contami-
nation risks, requirements linked to preservation orders or environmental requirements, warranty issues, con-
struction defects and defective construction materials or structural components. 
In addition, TAG is dependent on third-party suppliers and contractors to provide construction and other ser-
vices for the realisation of its development projects. Outsourced services include architectural and technical 
design, concept design and construction. Due to the competitive environment in the construction sector, quali-
fied and reliable construction partners are in great demand. If TAG is unable to find or hire qualified and reliable 
contractors for any of its development projects, the successful completion of projects in time or with the re-
quired quality is at risk. Contractors may fail to meet its standards and deadlines. If any third party fails to provide 
its services labour, equipment or materials in a timely and/or adequate manner, TAG may be required to source 
these services or materials at a higher price than anticipated and may face material delays at its project sites 
until it is able to identify appropriate alternative third parties. Contractors and service providers may be ad-
versely affected by economic downturns, insolvencies or any other risks inherent to the provision of any such 
services as well as force majeure incidents such as COVID-19. These risks include damages caused by severe 
weather conditions (e.g. fires, floods or natural disasters) and construction-related delays due to personnel 
shortages, strikes, building site safety, governmental permits, adverse weather conditions, shortage of or inabil-
ity to source building materials and transportation issues, any of which may be influenced by the respective 
parties' reliance on third parties. Among others, any of the aforementioned risks may result in significant cost 
overruns and project delays. Furthermore, TAG is exposed to cost increases in connection with services of con-
tractors, service providers and sub-contractors. Any cost increases could adversely affect TAG's ability to earn 
the projected yields related to TAG's residential development projects. The warranty, guarantee or indemnity

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
protection set forth in TAG's contracts with third-party suppliers and contractors, and the arrangements with 
insurance providers to insure against certain risks, may prove to be insufficient or may not adequately protect 
TAG against relevant risks. Furthermore, TAG may not be able to enforce claims in the respective amount, or at 
all, due to the third-party contractor's or supplier's insolvency or for other reasons. Significant liabilities may not 
be identified or may only come to light after the expiry of TAG's warranty, guarantee or indemnity claims. Any 
claims relating to defects arising from or related to one of TAG's residential development projects may give rise 
to contractual or other liabilities, which can extend, depending on the relevant contractual or statutory provi-
sions, for five years following completion of the development project and may not be covered by claims against 
TAG's contractors or suppliers. On the earnings side, there is a risk of incorrect rental or sales price calculations, 
especially if the time between the planning and completion of the project is longer than planned. 
Developing real estate entails certain health, safety, and environmental (HSE) related risks. A significant HSE 
incident at one of the Group's development projects or a general deterioration in TAG's HSE standards could put 
TAG's employees, contractors or the general public at risk of injury or death and could lead to litigation, signifi-
cant penalties or damage to TAG's reputation. TAG may be liable for the costs of removal, investigation or re-
mediation of hazardous or toxic substances (including asbestos) located on, under or in a property currently or 
formerly owned by TAG, whether or not TAG caused or knew of it. Furthermore, TAG may also be deemed to be 
responsible for latent or historic risks from unknown contamination, or may incur greater liability or costs than 
originally anticipated. The costs of remediation, investigation or defending against claims can be substantial, and 
they may not be covered by warranties and indemnities from the seller of the affected land plot or property or 
by the Group's insurance policies, or may prove unenforceable. Any failure in HSE performance, including any 
delay in responding to changes in HSE regulations, may result in penalties for non-compliance with relevant 
regulatory requirements and litigation proceedings, including significant claims for damages. Monitoring and 
ensuring HSE best practices may become increasingly expensive for TAG in the future if additional HSE require-
ments were to come into effect. 
Furthermore, there are legal risks associated with the Group's past activity in the property development busi-
ness. As the pro-consumer and pro-buyer judicature often does not consider final inspections of buildings carried 
out years ago by purchasers to be effective, claims by purchasers or joint owners of construction defects even 
years later and after the usual warranty periods of five years are possible. A number of these proceedings are 
still pending in the courts, for cases where works were completed over ten years ago. 
The materialisation of any of these risks could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
TAG is planning considerable investments in modernisation measures in Germany and new construction pro-
jects in Poland which might not achieve the expected returns. 
In 2022 and the following years, TAG intends to make material investments in its German portfolio. The planned 
modernisation measures include improving the energy efficiency of buildings, adapting individual apartments 
to the needs of senior citizens and converting apartments in locations where rent mark-ups are expected for 
extensively renovated apartments and where vacancy rates could be reduced. Furthermore, as part of the 
Group's development business TAG will further invest in new construction projects in Poland in significant 
amounts. 
There can, however, be no guarantee that the return achieved on the capital invested for both refurbishment 
works and new construction projects will be in line with TAG's expectations. Investment costs can be consider-
ably higher than originally planned due to unexpected costs and delays. Applications for planning consent may 
be delayed because the planning authorities are understaffed. Removing contamination or pollution from in-
vestments may be more expensive than originally calculated. Due to high demand and limited supply it may be

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
difficult to contract suppliers in the construction, craft and services sector. Further, service providers in the con-
struction, craft and planning sectors are may be suffering from a shortage of qualified personnel. In addition, a 
high demand for required materials in these sectors may lead to an increase of market prices. Furthermore, the 
Group's future projections, according to which demand for apartments that are adapted to the needs of senior 
citizens and are energy-efficient will increase, could prove to be incorrect or the preferences of customers could 
change. Furthermore, due to the difficulty of managing and organizing such large investment programs, TAG 
may be unable to identify sufficient investment opportunities to invest the amount budgeted annually. Manage-
ment may make investment decisions that turn out to be less profitable than expected due to insufficient infor-
mation or lack of expertise. Additionally, TAG is limited by contractual requirements in the selection and scope 
of modernisation measures with regard to some residential units in its portfolio. For example, luxury moderni-
sations that go beyond the usual scope and would lead to an increase in rent may be prohibited. Besides, TAG 
may not be able to pass on the costs of these refurbishments to its customers if they cannot afford the higher 
rents resulting from the refurbishments. Moreover, the Group's ability to finance its investment programs 
through loans or other debt instruments may also be limited due to its current or future debt and structure. 
Investment decisions are highly dependent on the current legal and regulatory environment. There is a risk when 
new building standards or restrictions take effect. These changes could have a negative impact on return targets. 
If construction sites are closed or planning consent is withheld, this may have an adverse effect because of un-
expected costs and delays. Compliance with new legislation may lead to additional expenses. 
The materialisation of one or more of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the 
Group's business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
TAG has established a service business in connection with the management of its properties that accounts for 
a significant number of employees. This insourcing policy has significantly increased and will significantly in-
crease the Group's personnel expenses and other fixed costs and continues to pose a management challenge. 
TAG has insourced certain services in connection with the management of its properties. In addition to TAG's 
core business of the long-term letting of flats, TAG has a services segment that includes business activities at-
tributable to internal service companies. These services mainly relate to the business fields of energy manage-
ment, multimedia, caretaker and homeowner association management (condominium management). The 
Group's own multimedia company supports the provision of multimedia to tenants and expands the range of 
property management services offered. Energy management is pooled in a subsidiary and supplies commercial 
heating to its own portfolio with the aim of optimising energy management. In the medium term, these services 
are to be further expanded and supplemented with new services for tenants. In fiscal year 2021, TAG achieved 
net income from property services of EUR 26.3 million (previous year: EUR 26.1 million), corresponding to 4.5% 
(previous year: 6.5%) of the consolidated net income of EUR 585.6 million (previous year: EUR 402.6 million). 
The insourcing of personnel has placed and may continue to place a strain on the Group's management and 
administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. The Group's ability to manage its operations and growth 
requires the continuous improvement of operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems 
and procedures. Additionally, if, as a result of business or economic conditions, TAG was to scale down its busi-
ness operations, it would be substantially more difficult for the Group to reduce its headcount than to reduce 
the services provided by third-party contractors. Any of these circumstances could result in higher costs than 
expected. TAG may not be able to compensate for these increased costs by generating the targeted savings. 
Despite existing quality control procedures, the quality of services rendered by the Group's own employees 
could fall below the level of the services previously performed by third-party contractors and reduce the attrac-
tiveness of the Group's properties. Moreover, if services rendered by the Group's craftsmen organisation are 
not performed as scheduled or if the quality of work falls below applicable standards, TAG may face claims from

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
its tenants or may not be in a position to re-let vacant units that require maintenance and modernisation before 
new tenants can move in. Since these tasks are performed within the Group, TAG will not be in a position to 
claim compensation for damages from third parties resulting from non-performance or improper performance 
by the Group's craftsmen organisation. 
The materialisation of any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group's busi-
ness, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
TAG may not be granted building and other permits, or may be granted them only subject to onerous condi-
tions, or additional requirements may be imposed on existing building and other permits. 
The construction, alteration and refurbishment or a change of use of buildings in Germany and Poland will not 
be possible until a building permit is granted. It may be uncertain whether the relevant authorities will approve 
a respective construction project and what additional requirements may be imposed in connection with the 
building permit. In addition, special permissions could be required and must be obtained, particularly for 
measures taking place in urban redevelopment areas (Sanierungsgebiete) or preservation areas (Erhaltungsge-
biete) and for real estate and buildings which are protected historic monuments. If TAG is not granted a building 
permit or another required permit, or a building permit or another required permit is granted only subject to 
onerous conditions, the rental income that TAG expects to generate from the relevant real estate could be con-
siderably less than originally calculated. If a renovation project becomes financially unfeasible because a building 
permit or another required permit is not granted or is granted only subject to onerous conditions, TAG may not 
be able to or decide to not carry out the project and any expenditure already incurred may be lost. Moreover, 
changes in the requirements for construction or modernisation of existing real estate could result in unforeseen 
additional costs. Any increase in operating costs resulting from the above-described events would adversely 
affect TAG's operating profit. In addition, TAG's remaining project development activities may be substantially 
impaired if the granting of a building permit is substantially delayed, made subject to additional administrative 
building constraints (baurechtliche Auflagen) or declined altogether. 
Damage to the Group's reputation and inadequate customer satisfaction may result in reduced demand for 
the Group's residential units and may make it more difficult for the Group to raise capital on favourable terms 
or at all. 
If the Group is unable to maintain its reputation and high level of customer service, customer satisfaction and 
demand for its services and properties could suffer. In particular, harm to the Group's reputation could make it 
more difficult for the Group to rent its residential units and could lead to delays in rental payments or the ter-
mination of tenancy agreements by its tenants. Any reputational damage due to the Group's inability to meet 
customer service expectations could limit its ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers. 
Furthermore, harm to the Group's reputation could impair the Group's ability to raise capital on favourable 
terms or at all. Any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The IT systems and data processing may malfunction or become impaired. In addition, integration measures 
in the IT systems with respect to newly acquired real estate portfolios may lead to significant expense and 
impairment of existing IT systems. 
TAG's information technology system plays an important role in its business strategy. Any interruptions in, fail-
ures of, or damage to TAG's information technology system may lead to delays or interruptions in its business 
processes, such as the outage of the Group's customer service hotline. Any malfunction or impairment of the 
computer systems may interrupt TAG's operations and lead to increased costs.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
TAG's information technology systems might be subject to cyberattacks. These attacks could result in unauthor-
ised use or disclosure of information. They could also lead to blackmailing attempts, forcing TAG to pay substan-
tial amounts to release captured data or prevent the unauthorised release of such data. Data from databases 
might fall into the wrong hands and might also be misused to TAG's disadvantage. Any leakage of sensitive in-
formation could lead to a misuse of data, violate applicable privacy, data security and other laws, cause signifi-
cant legal and financial risks as well as negative publicity, and adversely affect TAG's business and reputation. If 
cyberattacks are not detected in time, this could have unforeseeable consequences for their elimination or dam-
age of the systems. 
Data entered in the various IT systems could also be falsified, deleted, or misinterpreted due to application 
errors or non-observance of booking and/or work instructions. As a result, operations could be decisively dis-
rupted or unfavourable conclusions and decisions derived. 
It is possible that future technological developments may adversely affect the functionality of TAG's computer 
systems and require further action, which may require the Group to spend substantial funds to prevent or repair 
malfunctions of its IT systems. The Issuer cannot guarantee that even anticipated and/or recognised malfunc-
tions can be avoided in every case by appropriate preventive security measures. Furthermore, TAG has out-
sourced a portion of its computer systems to external service providers. TAG cannot guarantee that such or 
additional other risks will not also materialise with such service providers. In addition, integration measures in 
the IT systems with respect to newly acquired real estate portfolios may lead to significant expense and impair-
ment of existing IT systems and to disruptions of the Group's operations. Overall, this may have a material ad-
verse effect on the net assets, financial condition and results of operations of TAG. 
TAG depends on qualified personnel, including certain key personnel such as TAG's senior management, and 
may not be able to retain or replace such personnel. 
TAG's success and future growth depend significantly on the performance of a limited number of employees in 
central functions responsible for managing the Group's business. These include members of the Issuer's man-
agement board (Management Board), who have many years of experience and extensive contacts in the 
German real estate market, and other qualified personnel in key positions in Germany and Poland, particularly 
those with sector experience, including in the areas of new constructions, acquisition, real estate manage-
ment, technology, planning and sales, who are responsible for the management of the Group's portfolio and 
corporate functions. In the event of the departure of one or more of these key and qualified personnel, TAG 
may not be able to replace them quickly, which could affect TAG's operational performance. More generally, 
TAG may need to increase the number of qualified personnel in order to achieve its aims and TAG may be unable 
to recruit new personnel whose skills and sector experience are equivalent to those of the Group's key person-
nel, or could fail to attract and retain experienced personnel in the future. Due to the intense competition for 
qualified personnel in the real estate sector, there is no guarantee that TAG will be able to hire sufficiently qual-
ified key employees on acceptable terms in the future. 
The loss of members the Management Board or any other key employees, or a failure to attract new qualified 
employees, could hinder TAG's growth and make it difficult to maintain its business activities at the current level, 
and could therefore have a material adverse effect on the Group's business. 
TAG could incur substantial losses from damage not covered by, or exceeding the coverage limits of existing 
insurance policies. 
As of 31 December 2021, all of TAG's properties are insured against losses due to fire, natural hazards and spec-
ified other risks that in amounts that TAG believes to generally be in line with market practice. However, the 
Group's insurance policies are subject to exclusions and limitations of liability, including with respect to losses

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
resulting from damages from mining, nuclear power or war. TAG may, therefore, have no coverage for losses 
that are excluded and limited coverage for losses that exceed the respective coverage limitations. In addition, 
TAG's insurance providers could become insolvent. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of TAG's insur-
ance limitations occur, TAG could lose capital invested in the affected property as well as anticipated income 
and capital appreciation from that property. Moreover, TAG may incur further costs to repair damage caused by 
uninsured risks. TAG could also be held liable for any debt or other financial obligation related to such a property 
and thus may experience material losses in excess of insurance proceeds. 
Risks related to the Valuation of TAG's Properties 
Real estate valuation is inherently subjective and subject to uncertainties and is based on assumptions which 
may prove to be inaccurate. It is therefore possible that the property valuation and the financial information 
in this Base Prospectus incorrectly assess the value of TAG's properties. 
The valuation of TAG's properties is a part of the preparation of the Group's annual financial statements. How-
ever, the valuation of real estate is inherently subjective and based on assumptions that could later prove to be 
incorrect. 
For the valuation of the market values (fair values) reported in the consolidated financial statements and the 
properties reported under current assets, appraisals are generally used. These appraisals are currently carried 
out twice a year by independent, accredited appraisers. The market values depend on various factors, some of 
which are objective – such as macroeconomic conditions or prevailing interest rates – as well as other discre-
tionary exogenous factors such as rental levels and vacancies. In addition, encumbrances in the existing inven-
tory, such as lead pipes, can influence the appraisal. The appraiser also takes into account discretionary, quali-
tative factors, such as the location and quality of the property, as well as the achievable rental income. This may 
result in changes in the fair values reported, resulting in high volatility for Group net income. The assumptions 
used in valuing the properties are made by the independent appraiser based on their professional experience 
and are subject to uncertainty. 
Furthermore, there is the possibility that valuation methods that are currently generally accepted and that were 
applied in the preparation of the valuation are later found to be unsuitable. Even the assumptions that earlier 
or future appraisals are based on can later be found to be erroneous. In Poland, risks of an incorrect assessment 
of the still relatively young and small market for residential rentals, as well as changes in the demand for suitable 
properties, can also lead to valuation risks. Moreover, because of the comparatively young history of this market, 
it may only be possible to estimate comparative parameters for the valuation within wider ranges. 
The values that are attributed to the properties appraised in existing annual and interim financial statements or 
those published in the future could exceed the proceeds that TAG can generate from the sale of properties. The 
valuation of properties is therefore not necessarily indicative of the future or currently possible selling price of 
TAG's properties or its property portfolio. 
Inaccurate appraisals in conjunction with the valuation of properties or property portfolios and other unfore-
seeable events could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, financial position, cash flow and 
income of TAG. 
TAG could be exposed to risks from residual pollution including wartime ordnance, soil conditions and con-
taminants in building materials, as well as possible building regulation violations. 
It is possible that the properties TAG owns or acquires may contain soil contamination, hazardous materials, 
other residual pollution or wartime ordnance (possibly even unexploded ordnance). For example, TAG received 
an administrative order dated 20 September 2021 for the detailed examination of soil on property previously

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
held by TAG. The purpose of this examination was to assess potential risks due to soil contamination. TAG is 
currently defending itself against the order in front of the administrative court.  
The Group has made provisions for the future cost of such remediation measures, but the provisions may prove 
to be insufficient. The discovery of further residual pollution or risks associated with old wartime ordnance, 
particularly in connection with the lease or sale of properties, can also trigger claims for rent or purchase price 
reductions, damages and other breach of warranty claims or lease terminations. 
The Group's business is also exposed to risks associated with noncompliance with building codes or environmen-
tal regulations. These regulations are often implemented retroactively, affecting previously acquired properties. 
In such cases, TAG may be required to modernise existing buildings so that they comply with these stricter 
standards. Even though the Group conducts inspections in connection with the acquisition of individual proper-
ties, there is a risk that building codes or environmental regulations were not complied with. 
The materialisation of any of these risks could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Financial Risks 
If the Issuer or other Group companies breach financial covenants or other provisions in connection with any 
existing or future bonds, notes or other financial instruments or under any existing or future loan agreements, 
TAG may be required to pay higher interest or fully repay the relevant bonds, notes or loans before they be-
come due, and security trustees or creditors could seize or realise significant collateral furnished by the Group. 
The existing or future holders of bonds and notes issued by the Group and the Group's lenders are entitled to 
terminate their financing agreements and bonds or notes, as applicable, if Group companies breach material 
contractual terms and are not in a position to cure such breaches. The terms of the existing loan agreements 
and of financial instruments require, in particular, that TAG complies with certain financial covenants. A failure 
to comply with such financial covenants or other material terms of the financing agreements and the bonds and 
notes could have severe consequences, including that: 
 
the lenders, bondholders or holders of other financial instruments, as applicable, and their respective 
representatives may have the right to terminate the relevant loan agreement or the bonds or notes, and 
the outstanding amounts could become immediately due and payable; 
 
other lenders, bondholders or holders of other financial instruments, as applicable, could be entitled to 
terminate their financing agreements or bonds or notes with the Group as a result of cross-default or 
cross-acceleration provisions; 
 
the lenders may be entitled to extraordinary (partial) prepayments or higher interest rates and the bond-
holders or noteholders could be entitled to require the Group to redeem, in whole or in part, the bonds 
and notes, as applicable, at their principal amount including accrued interest; in addition, TAG may be 
liable for damages, prepayment penalties or other fines; or 
 
the right of the Issuer or its subsidiaries to distribute profits and income from the properties which serve 
as security for the respective loans (or future secured bonds or notes) may be restricted and may there-
fore limit the Group's ability to service its other obligations or distribute profits to its shareholders. 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group had loans totalling EUR 1,692.8 million (previous year: EUR 1,657.0 million), 
for which the banks have specified financial covenants regarding capital service ratios and equity/debt ratios. If

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
any of these covenants are breached, premature loan repayments may become necessary. Similarly, the prom-
issory notes issued are subject to certain terms and conditions that, if breached, constitute a liquidity risk. 
As of 31 December 2021, TAG has lines of credit totalling EUR 65.0 million (previous year: EUR 40.0 million), 
which require the bank's approval in the event of a change of shareholder, or in the case of a change of control 
at the level of the Issuer, may otherwise lead to the loans being terminated. In addition, there are numerous 
change-of-control provisions in the subsidiaries' loan agreements and in their general terms and conditions. 
Although these primarily apply only at the level of the subsidiaries and in the event of a change in their share-
holders, the possibility of the lender invoking change-of-control rights in the event of a change in the indirect 
shareholder cannot be ruled out. The two corporate bonds totalling EUR 250.0 million issued, and the promis-
sory notes totalling EUR 294.0 million, have special change-of-control provisions, which obligate the Company 
to buy back the bonds or promissory notes at terms stated in detail in the terms of the bond or the promissory 
note. In the case of convertible bond 2020/2026 issued in the 2020 fiscal year for EUR 470.0 million, there are 
special conversion options, or adjustments to the conversion price for bondholders, in the event of a change of 
control. In addition, for the bridge financing of up to EUR 750.0 million for the acquisition of the shares in ROBYG, 
there are regulations that provide for renegotiations or the right to withdraw from the contract by the financing 
banks in the event of a change of control. 
If the bonds, notes, other debt instruments or one or more of the Group's other loans should become due as a 
result of an early termination or cross-default, TAG might be unable to refinance its liabilities as they become 
due or might be able to do so only on less favourable terms. 
To secure its financial liabilities, TAG, under certain financing agreements, has provided land charges and mort-
gages on properties owned by Group companies and has assigned, as security, claims under tenancy and leasing 
agreements, potential insurance claims and potential claims under real estate sales programmes. The Issuer has 
also issued letters of comfort (Patronatserklärungen) and guarantees (Bürgschaften) to secure bank loans of its 
German subsidiaries. 
If TAG is unable to perform the obligations under its financing agreements, TAG's lenders could seize and realise 
collateral, including real estate, pledged shares and bank accounts, without further negotiations. This could 
cause TAG to lose parts of its real estate portfolio in a forced sale on economically unfavourable terms. Contrac-
tual restrictions limit the right to voluntarily sell properties ahead of a forced sale, which could have an amplified 
negative effect of such forced sale. 
The materialisation of any of the aforementioned risks could have material adverse effects on the Group's busi-
ness, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations 
TAG is dependent on its investment grade rating to pursue its financing strategy. 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer has a long-term investment grade rating (Baa3), the outlook of 
which has been changed from positive to negative on 14 January 2022, and a short-term prime rating (P-3) from 
Moody's Investor Service, Inc. (Moody's). On 14 March 2022, the Issuer also received a long-term investment 
grade rating of "BBB-" with a stable outlook from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P). 
If TAG were to lose its investment grade rating, which cannot be ruled out, specifically in view of the acquisition 
of ROBYG, would significantly restrict refinancing options on the capital market and significantly increase refi-
nancing costs. In particular, future issuances of unsecured bonds and notes may become significantly more ex-
pensive or may not be possible in the targeted amounts. Rating agencies could downgrade the Group if for 
example the value of the Group's assets or the Group's debt-service or interest coverage ratio were to fall below 
certain values, if the Group's debt-to-capital ratio were to exceed certain values, if the Group were unable to

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
keep or render sufficient values of its assets unencumbered or if the residential real estate market in Germany 
or Poland deteriorates in general. 
If any of the risks described above were to materialise, it would be more difficult for the Group to pursue its 
current financing strategy, which could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condi-
tion, cash flow and results of operations. 
The Group has a substantial level of debt and TAG's ability to repay existing debt with loans and other debt 
instruments could be limited. It may be difficult or expensive to obtain new sources of financing. 
TAG has a substantial level of debt. The book value of TAG's outstanding financial indebtedness was EUR 3.1 
billion as of 31 December 2021 (consisting of bank loans of EUR 2.1 billion, corporate bonds, promissory notes 
and commercial papers of EUR 0.5 billion and convertible bonds of EUR 0.5 billion). TAG is dependent on refi-
nancing significant amounts that will become due over the next few years. In addition, TAG is dependent on 
securing external capital at reasonable terms to fund its ongoing business and acquisitions. A crisis in the inter-
national financial markets, which could also arise from the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine, could 
make it substantially more difficult for TAG to raise the necessary funds and could lead to liquidity problems. 
Should this lead to problems in servicing ongoing loans, lenders could institute foreclosure proceedings, and 
such distress sales would lead to considerable disadvantages for TAG. 
In particular, as a result of the acquisition of ROBYG and payment of the purchase price in the expected amount 
of PLN 2,450 million (approximately EUR 540.0 million, calculated on the basis of a PLN/EUR exchange rate of 
0.22), TAG is exposed to a refinancing risk in relation to this purchase price. If TAG uses debt financing, the 
refinancing risk will be influenced by the development of TAG's rating, specifically with regard to the conditions 
of the refinancing. The bridge financing granted for the acquisition of ROBYG, which additionally includes the 
possibility to refinance loans from ROBYG and for further working capital of ROBYG, has a total amount of EUR 
750.0 million and a term of up to 18 months until July 2023. TAG intends to refinance the bridge financing 
through capital market transactions, including the Notes. However, TAG is dependent on the performance of 
the capital markets and general financing conditions. A difficult capital market environment may also result from 
international crises, such as the military conflict in Ukraine, over which the Group has no influence (see also 
below "―TAG is dependent on general economic and demographic developments in the markets where its prop-
erties are located."). TAG is therefore exposed to liquidity risks for the duration of the bridge financing. 
TAG's ability to repay existing financial obligations by raising new debt capital (or by extending the maturity of 
existing debt) could be limited, for example, as a result of market conditions, its business condition or the level 
of debt of the Issuer or of other Group companies. 
Any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, 
cash flow and results of operations. 
Changes in foreign exchange rates could have material adverse effects on the Group's results. 
The Group operates in different countries and is therefore exposed to financial risks that arise from changes in 
exchange rates. Exchange rate fluctuations could cause losses if assets denominated in currencies with a falling 
exchange rate lose value, while at the same time liabilities denominated in currencies with a rising exchange 
rate appreciate in value. 
The Group's reporting currency is the Euro. However, the Group also conducts its business in Poland. All of the 
Group's revenues (sales and rents) in Poland are currently and will continue to be generated in Polish złoty, 
whose exchange rate is subject to fluctuations in relation to the euro. Future financing of the business in Poland 
via TAG in euros is likewise subject to an exchange rate risk. Even though the business model in Poland is geared

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
to the long term, significant exchange rate losses may occur if it becomes necessary to realise assets or repay 
financial liabilities at short notice. As of the 31 December 2021, the unrealised loss from currency risks amounted 
to EUR 0.3 million (prior year: EUR 2.4 million). 
Any change in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the Euro affects the Group's reported results of 
operations and assets and liabilities when the results are converted into Euro for reporting purposes. Unfavour-
able fluctuations in the values of the currencies in which financial statements of subsidiaries of the Issuer are 
prepared against the Euro could have a material negative impact on the Group's future consolidated financial 
statements. 
The exposure to exchange rate volatility could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condi-
tion, results of operations and prospects. 
TAG's activities are subject to financing risks arising from changes in interest rates 
The Group's activities are subject to financing risks arising from changes in interest rates. The vast majority of 
bank loans are concluded only with fixed interest, either through a directly agreed fixed interest rate, or through 
a variable interest rate that is then converted into a fixed interest rate using a derivative financial instrument 
(usually interest rate swaps). As of 31 December 2021, fixed interest rates accounted for 99% of the Group's 
total financial liabilities (previous year: 97%). Against this backdrop, an interest rate risk exists mainly with regard 
to the future refinancing of expiring loans, and with new loans from further acquisitions. With regard to the 
acquisition of ROBYG, a short-term bridge financing of EUR 750.0 million was agreed with a bank consortium 
with a term of 18 months until July 2023. With respect to the follow-up financing, there are interest rate risks 
and financing cost risks in addition to the risks of refinancing. There is a risk that, in refinancing it, TAG will 
achieve poorer borrowing conditions compared with the current average interest rate on financial liabilities if it 
takes up debt capital. Rising financing costs, particularly in the field of long-term financing that is relevant to 
TAG, would negatively impact the profitability of acquisitions, and TAG's future results and cash flows. 
Regulatory and Legal Risks 
The Group's ability to increase rents is subject to legal restrictions. These restrictions are already extensive 
and could be further tightened in the future. 
TAG's operations primarily consist of owning and managing residential property. A negative trend in rental reg-
ulations in one or both countries or in regions where the Group operates may lead to lower rental revenues, or 
rents that do not increase to expected levels. 
Under German law, lessors have limited options for raising rents on existing leases. If the parties to leases have 
not agreed on graduated rent (Staffelmiete, only permissible within certain limits) or a rent index (Indexmiete) 
and the tenant rejects a change in the lease, a unilateral rent increase is only possible within the certain limits. 
Generally, rents can only be increased by 20% over three years and for existing leases only up to the locally 
prevailing comparative levels of rent (ortsübliche Vergleichsmiete). The locally prevailing rents are generally set 
forth in rent indices (Mietspiegel), which are regularly published, usually by the respective municipalities. Addi-
tionally, in municipalities in which the supply of affordable housing is determined to be threatened, rent in-
creases are limited to a maximum of 15% over three years. 
Moreover, subject to the legal or contractual requirements, in the event of modernisation work that (i) sustain-
ably saves on energy (energy modernisation) or (ii) sustainably reduces water consumption or (iii) sustainably 
increases the value in use of the rented premises or (iv) improves the general living conditions in the long term 
or (v) connects the leased property to the fibre optic network for the first time or (vi) creates new residential

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
space or (vii) in the event of modernisation work performed on account of circumstances for which the lessor is 
not responsible and that is not maintenance work, the lessor can pass on the costs to the tenants by increasing 
the annual rent by currently up to 8% of the costs incurred (less the costs that would have been incurred for 
maintenance work anyway). This does not apply if the tenant can prove that the rent increase would mean 
unreasonable hardship. 
Additionally, in municipalities in which the supply of affordable housing is determined to be threatened, rent 
increases for new leases are limited to a maximum of 10% above the higher of the locally prevailing comparative 
rent level (Mietpreisbremse). This, however, does not apply to apartments that are used and rented for the first 
time after 1 October 2014. Furthermore, if the previous tenant's rent exceeded the permitted level, rent can be 
agreed up to the amount of the previous rent. When determining the previous rent, rent reductions as well as 
rent increases agreed with the previous tenant within the last year prior to termination of the tenancy shall not 
be taken into account. If the rent being paid in the past were to be deemed to exceed the permittable level, 
overpaid rent would have to be returned. TAG is therefore subject to the risk that rent it has already collected 
would have to be returned to its tenants if existing lease agreements are found to be in violation of legal re-
strictions.  
As of 31 December 2021, TAG owned about 180 apartments in the state of Berlin. On 30 January 2020, the Berlin 
parliament (Berliner Abgeordnetenhaus) passed the Law on Rent Limitation in Housing in Berlin (Gesetz zur 
Mietenbegrenzung im Wohnungswesen in Berlin – MietenWoG Bln), entered into force on 23 February 2020, 
according to which rents in the city will in certain cases not be permitted to be raised beyond levels agreed as 
of 18 June 2019 for a period of five years from the commencement of the law (so called "Mietendeckel"). The 
legislation also imposes limits on the maximum levels of rent permitted in respect of properties in Berlin built 
before 2014, with such limits depending on a number of factors, including the year of construction and the 
condition of the property. However, on 25 March 2021, the German Federal Constitutional Court (Bundesver-
fassungsgericht) declared this law unconstitutional. According to the ruling, the state of Berlin, like every other 
federal state, does not have the necessary legislative authority to determine rent law at the state level. However, 
it cannot be ruled out that equivalent or similar legislative decisions or measures will be taken at the federal 
level in the future. 
Changes to the legal framework at the level of the European Union or in Germany or Poland could have a further 
negative impact on TAG's ability to implement rent increases. In the coalition agreement of the new German 
Federal Government for the years 2021 to 2025 (Coalition Agreement), the governing parties declared their 
intention to further strengthen laws protecting tenants, inter alia, by further reducing the permissible rent in-
crease limit in tight housing markets in the future. Furthermore, the reference periods for qualified rent indexes, 
which are of high importance for the calculation of rent increases, shall be increased to seven years, which in 
the current situation of annually rising rents would lead to an increased inclusion of older rental agreements 
with lower rents in these rent indexes, so that the resulting new rent would be lower or new rental contracts 
would lead to rent increases at a later date. Furthermore, in municipalities with more than 100,000 inhabitants, 
the introduction of or compliance with qualified rent indexes shall become mandatory. 
Unlike Germany, Poland does not have an independent tenancy law. Rental agreements are subject only to the 
provisions of general civil law. It cannot be ruled out that regulatory initiatives will be launched in Poland, pro-
vided that the trend of rising rents observed in recent years continues. In this event, in could not be ruled out 
that such regulatory initiatives could have a negative impact on individual components of the letting result, such 
as apportionable operating costs or permissible (net) rents. 
Additional or tighter rental regulations could lead to lower rental revenues and/or decrease the valuation of the 
Group's properties, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on TAG's net assets, financial position and 
results of operations.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
TAG may be adversely affected by taxes on carbon dioxide emissions. 
As part of its Climate Action Programme 2030, the German Federal Government has introduced a set price ap-
plicable to carbon dioxide emissions in the transport and real estate sectors from January 2021. The price, ini-
tially set at EUR 25 per metric ton of carbon dioxide emitted during the combustion of heating or fuel, will grad-
ually increase up to EUR 55 per metric ton in 2025. Currently, the tax can be apportioned entirely to the tenant. 
However, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, there is an ongoing debate on the allocation of the financial 
burden associated with the tax. According to a compromise agreed upon the state secretaries of all federal 
ministries on 31 May 2021, tenants and landlords should each have to bear half of the additional costs of the 
carbon dioxide price. However, this compromise was not realised. Nevertheless, it cannot be ruled out that the 
current regulation will change in the future. In the Coalition Agreement, the governing parties declared their 
intention to provide for a fair distribution of the additional burden between tenants and landlords. Should the 
risk of a regulatory change materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, 
financial position, cash flow and income of TAG. 
In Germany, tenants enjoy considerable protection against termination and eviction. In addition, TAG uses 
standardised documents and general terms and conditions that are very strictly scrutinised by the courts. 
German law and German courts provide tenants with substantial protection against termination and tenant 
evictions. Extended leases or delayed evictions resulting from these protections can lead to substantial losses 
until the property is actually vacated. 
In addition, as part of its daily business TAG uses standardised documents and contracts and general terms and 
conditions. Under German law, standardised contract terms are required to comply with the statutory law on 
general terms and conditions, which means that they are subject to rigid fairness control by the courts regarding 
their content and the way they are presented to the other contractual party by the person using them. 
If it were to be found that the Group's standardised documents and/or contracts contain terms disadvantageous 
to tenants, or if the clauses contained in such documents and/or contracts were found to be invalid and there-
fore replaced with terms less favourable for TAG, it would affect a large number of standard conditions or con-
tracts. 
The above-mentioned legal risks could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, financial po-
sition, cash flow and income of TAG. 
The business activities of the Group are dependent on the general legal frameworks in Germany and Poland. 
Any adverse change in the legal frameworks, such as binding regulations on environmental modernisation 
measures or restrictions on modernisation possibilities, could have an adverse effect on the Group. 
The Group's business is dependent on the general legal framework applicable to residential real estate, such as 
tenancy laws, as well as on special provisions of other laws, such as social, building and monument protection 
laws. 
Stricter environmental legislation could also lead to additional costs for TAG. The same would be the case if the 
legal requirements regarding existing and approved properties and their use were tightened. 
In the case of maintenance or refurbishment of heritage listed buildings (Gebäude unter Denkmalschutz), the 
need to comply with these provisions could lead to significant delays in the maintenance or refurbishment pro-
cess due to conflicts of interest with heritage conservation, or to TAG being unable to carry out certain refur-
bishment and maintenance measures. In addition, the costs for the specific projects could increase significantly.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
These factors could also have a negative impact on the Group's ability to sell or rent the properties in question 
or to use them as collateral for financing. 
Any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, 
cash flow and results of operations. 
TAG is and may become subject to risks from liability claims, and other litigation and arbitration proceedings. 
TAG could be subject to a variety of claims arising in the ordinary course of its business, including contract claims 
and claims alleging violations of applicable laws regarding workplace and employment matters. TAG could be-
come subject to other law-suits related to these or different matters in the future. In Germany, TAG is party to 
various legal proceedings whose outcome is as yet uncertain as of the date of the Base Prospectus. They include 
civil and administrative proceedings, especially disputes with joint owners about construction defects and dis-
putes with tenants. 
In connection with property sales, TAG usually makes representations, warranties and negative declarations of 
knowledge to the purchasers with respect to certain characteristics of the relevant properties. The resulting 
obligations usually continue to exist after the sale for a period of several years. In particular, TAG could be subject 
to claims for damages from purchasers, who could assert that TAG failed to meet its obligations, or that its 
representations were untrue. Occasionally claims are asserted against TAG subsidiaries by purchasers in con-
nection with lost tax advantages, compensation and, in some cases, the rescission of contracts entered into 
many years ago. TAG could be required to make payments to the purchasers following legal disputes or litigation. 
If TAG has provided warranties to third parties in connection with modernisation and maintenance measures 
and claims are asserted against TAG because of defects, it is not always certain that TAG will have recourse 
against the companies that performed the work. As the pro-consumer and pro-buyer judicature often does not 
consider final inspections of buildings carried out years ago by purchasers to be effective, claims by purchasers 
or joint owners of construction defects evens years later and after the usual warranty periods of five years are 
possible. A number of these proceedings are still pending in the courts, for cases where works were completed 
over ten years ago. 
Regardless of whether any claims against TAG are valid, or whether TAG is ultimately held liable, claims may be 
expensive to defend and may divert time and money away from its operations and hurt its performance. A 
judgment in excess of TAG's insurance coverage for any claims could materially and adversely affect TAG's finan-
cial condition and results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting from these allegations may also materi-
ally and adversely affect TAG's reputation or prospects, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on 
TAG's financial condition. Legal or settlement costs, including the costs of defending lawsuits, whether justified 
or not, as well as potential damages associated with liability for properties that TAG has sold, could have material 
adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
TAG is exposed to risks from possible violations of data protection regulations. 
On 25 May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (DSGVO) entered into force in all European member 
states, providing for substantial changes in the regulatory landscape of data protection. The aim of the DSGVO 
is to protect all EU citizens from data protection violations. The DSGVO applies to all companies that process 
personal data of data subjects resident in the European Union, regardless of their location. With about 87,600 
rental units in Germany and about 500 rental units in Poland as of 31 December 2021 as well as the various 
other services TAG offers, the Group has a high processing volume for private data. As one element of its com-
pliance programme, TAG has introduced business principles that include rules on data protection in order to 
take into account the data protection aspects introduced by the DSGVO in data processing. However, the regu-
lation of the DSGVO is complex and the volume of data processed by TAG is considerable. It cannot be

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
guaranteed that TAG's compliance systems are actually sufficient to control the risks associated with the DSGVO. 
The risk relates both to confidentiality internally and to access protection against external third parties.  Should 
TAG violate essential provisions of the DSGVO, substantial fines of up to 4% of the Group revenue or EUR 20 
million (whichever is higher) may be imposed. In addition to the financial damage that TAG may suffer, violations 
of the DSGVO may also cause considerable damage to its reputation, which may lead to a loss of confidence of 
existing or future tenants, which may have a negative impact on future rental income. 
Any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, 
cash flow and results of operations. 
Tax Risks 
TAG is subject to the general tax environment in Germany and Poland. The Group's tax burden could increase, 
for example as a result of current or future tax assessments, tax audits or litigation or as a result of changes 
in tax laws or changes to their application or interpretation. 
TAG's business is subject to the general tax environment in Germany and Poland. The Group's tax burden de-
pends on various aspects of tax laws, as well as their application and interpretation. Tax laws can be changed, 
even retroactively, and their application/interpretation can be amended by the tax authorities and courts. 
TAG has not received tax assessments for all of the Group's companies in recent years. The unavailability of more 
recent tax assessments increases the uncertainty regarding the tax authorities' interpretations of applicable tax 
laws for these periods and increases the uncertainty that these interpretations may differ from the Group's 
interpretations. Any tax assessments that deviate from the Group's expectations could lead to an increase in the 
Group's tax burden and, additionally, could give rise to interest payable on the additional amount of taxes. 
In addition, the Group entities are regularly subject to tax audits. These tax audits and other investigations con-
ducted by the competent tax authorities could result in the assessment of additional taxes. This may be the case, 
in particular, with respect to changes in the Group's shareholding structure, other reorganization measures or 
impairment on properties with regard to which tax authorities could take the view that they ought to be disre-
garded for tax purposes or otherwise lead to a tax liability. Further, expenses, particularly interest expenses, 
could be treated as non-deductible, and (German) real estate transfer taxes (RETT) or German trade tax (Gew-
erbesteuer) on real estate income could be assessed. In addition, income tax groups (steuerliche Organschaften) 
or VAT groups (umsatzsteuerliche Organschaften) could be deemed invalid, for instance if one or more profit 
and loss pooling agreements are considered void, as not having been properly executed or if other requirements 
for tax-consolidated groups or VAT consolidated tax groups are not recognized. These circumstances could lead 
to an increase in the Group's tax obligations and could result in interest on back tax payments (Steuernach-
zahlungen). 
Through its business in Poland, TAG is also exposed to Tax law in Poland which is characterised by changes in 
the recent past. There are legal uncertainties regarding many statutes, which result from unclear wording and a 
lack of pronouncements by the tax authorities regarding their application. Specifically, risks could arise from the 
determination of appropriate transfer prices, the determination of the amount of deductible input tax and in 
connection with wage tax. 
The materialization of any of the aforementioned risks could have material adverse effects on the Group's busi-
ness, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
German tax authorities might not accept all tax deductions for interest payments. 
Several tax rules in Germany restrict the tax deductibility of interest expenses for corporate income and trade 
tax purposes. These regulations have been repeatedly and substantially amended. Under certain circumstances 
it may not be possible for TAG to fully deduct the interest expenses owed on current and future liabilities, 
thereby increasing its tax burden. 
The acquisition of several real estate portfolios in the past as well as the capital and financing measures under-
taken by TAG in connection with these acquisitions add complexity to the financing structure of the Group and 
could restrict the deductibility of net interest expenses owed under existing and possibly future debt to 30% of 
the respective taxpayer's tax EBITDA for the respective fiscal year. 
Interest expenses that are not tax-deductible in accordance with the above provisions can be carried-forward 
to subsequent years and given certain conditions, interest carry-forwards and tax loss carry-forwards can be 
used to reduce future taxable income. However, these carry-forwards might be reduced, especially if tax groups 
are denied by the tax authorities, thus leading to higher cash taxes. 
As a result of past or future restructuring of TAG's investment holding structure, there is also the possibility that 
interest carry-forwards and tax loss carry-forwards are forfeited. If interest carry-forwards or tax loss carry-for-
wards were forfeited, the deferred tax assets would be impaired, thereby increasing TAG's tax burden.  
If one of the above risks occurs, this could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, financial 
position, cash flow and income of TAG. 
TAG is exposed to risks in connection with real estate transfer taxes (RETT).  
TAG is exposed to risks in connection with RETT. TAG has acquired various majority shareholdings or interests in 
corporation or partnership that hold German real estate. The majority shareholdings or interests are below the 
level that would have caused RETT to be triggered by a unification of shares or interest or transfer of at least 
90% to new shareholders or partners. However, there is a risk that the tax authorities do not recognize the 
structures implemented in connection with acquisitions of real estate owning corporations or partnerships. If 
these acquisition structures are not recognized by the tax authorities, TAG could be obligated to pay a significant 
amount of additional RETT.  
There also is a risk that the corporation or partnership acquired by TAG have existing RETT risks from previous 
transactions. Even though TAG reviews the history of potential acquisition targets extensively, a tax issue may 
not be uncovered, or it could be classified in TAG's audit as not taxable. The extent to which contractual guar-
antees under the relevant transaction documents cover possible risks is uncertain. 
If any of the above risks occurred, this could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flows and income of TAG. 
The recent reform of the German RETT law may have a significant negative impact on future exit scenarios 
and acquisitions. 
The legislative changes to the RETT system became effective as of 1 July 2021 have among others (i) broadened 
the scope of application by including changes in the shareholder structure of a corporation as tax triggering 
event (similar to a change in the shareholder structure of a partnership already applicable previously) so that 
share transfers of at least 90% within ten years – irrespective of the number of acquirers -–are subject to RETT, 
(ii) reduced the shareholding threshold from 95% to 90%, (iii) extended the look back period from five to ten

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
years, (iv) eliminated the applicable cap for fines for omitted notifications with competent authorities and (v) 
prolonged holding periods for certain RETT exempt restructuring measures from five to fifteen years. 
As a consequence, TAG will only be able to (directly or indirectly) sell 89.9% of the shares or interests in a real 
estate owning corporation or partnership to not trigger RETT. Likewise, TAG can only acquire 89.9% of the shares 
or interests in a real estate owning corporation or partnership without triggering RETT if (i) the seller of the 
shares/interests has already held at least 10.1% of the shares/interests in such corporation/partnership in the 
ten year period prior to the sale and (ii) continues to hold 10.1% of the shares/interest in such corporation/part-
nership for further ten years following the sale. In particular with respect to the latter requirement, RETT could 
then also be triggered in case of changes to the direct or indirect holdings in the seller within the ten year period 
following the acquisition of the shares/interests by TAG. Therefore, RETT will also more often be payable by the 
real estate owning corporation or partnership and might be factored in by any potential purchaser when calcu-
lating the purchase price. 
Furthermore, the RETT rules generally applicable until 30 June 2021 may remain applicable to certain of the 
Group’s investment structures in parallel to the new rules, partially for a certain period, partially unlimited. This 
makes investments in and sales out of the existing investment structures more complex and less efficient. 
If one of the above risks occurs, this could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, financial 
position, cash flow and income of TAG. 
TAG could be required to pay a significant amount of additional business tax (Gewerbesteuer). 
In principle, TAG's income is subject to German trade tax (Gewerbesteuer). However, real estate companies can 
apply for the so-called extended trade tax reduction (erweiterte Gewerbesteuerkürzung) pursuant to Section 9 
No. 1 Sentence 2 et seq. of the German Trade Tax Act (Gewerbesteuergesetz). This option allows real estate 
companies to reduce their income subject to German trade tax by the portion attributable to the management 
and use of their real estate portfolio. TAG has taken advantage of this option in the past and intends to continue 
to apply for it. However, the tax authorities may assess that the amount of the reduction was wrongly calculated 
or that TAG is not eligible for the extended trade tax reduction at all. In these cases, TAG could be required to 
pay a significant amount of additional German trade tax. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The risk factors relating to the Notes are presented in categories depending on their nature with the most mate-
rial risk factor presented first in each category: 
Risks related to the Nature of the Notes 
Noteholders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption 
payments. 
Any person who purchases the Notes is relying on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and has no rights against 
any other person. Noteholders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest 
and/or redemption payments that the Issuer is obliged to make under the Notes. The worse the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer, the higher the risk of loss (see also "Risk Factors relating to the Issuer and the Group" above). A 
materialisation of the credit risk may result in partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or re-
demption payments under the Notes. 
In addition, even if the likelihood that the Issuer will be in a position to fully perform all obligations under the 
Notes when they fall due actually has not decreased, market participants could nevertheless be of that opinion.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Market participants may in particular be of such opinion if market participants' assessment of the creditworthi-
ness of corporate debtors in general or debtors operating in the industries sector adversely change. If any of 
these risks occur, third parties would only be willing to purchase the Notes for a lower price than before the 
materialisation of said risk. The market value of the Notes may therefore decrease. 
The Notes will be effectively subordinated to the Group's debt to the extent such debt is secured by assets that 
are not also securing the Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions only require the Issuer to secure the Notes equally if the Issuer provides security for 
the benefit of other Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). Furthermore, there 
are substantial carve-outs and exemptions from this undertaking. 
To the extent the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries provide security interests over their respective assets for the 
benefit of (a) Capital Market Indebtedness in line with such carve-outs and exemptions or (b) other indebted-
ness, in both cases without also securing the Notes, the Notes will be effectively junior to such debt to the extent 
of such assets. 
As a result of the foregoing, holders of (present or future) secured debt of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries 
may recover disproportionately more on their claims than the Noteholders in an insolvency, bankruptcy or sim-
ilar proceeding. The Issuer may not have sufficient assets remaining to make payments under the Notes. 
The Notes are structurally subordinated to creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries 
The Notes will not be guaranteed by any of the subsidiaries of the Issuer. Generally, claims of creditors of a 
subsidiary, including trade creditors, secured creditors, and creditors holding indebtedness and guarantees is-
sued by the subsidiary, will have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of the subsidiary over the claims 
of creditors of its parent company. In the event of a liquidation, winding-up or dissolution or a bankruptcy, ad-
ministration, reorganisation, insolvency, receivership or similar proceeding of any subsidiary of the Issuer, such 
subsidiary will pay the holders of its own debt (including holders of third-party debt which such subsidiaries have 
guaranteed) before they would be able to distribute any of their assets to the Issuer. As a result, the Issuer may 
not have sufficient assets to make payments on the Notes. 
Early redemption in case of certain events of default subject to a 10 per cent. quorum 
The Terms and Conditions provide that, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring the Notes due 
and payable shall become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has received such default notices from Notehold-
ers representing at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Series of Notes then outstanding. 
Noteholders should be aware that, as a result, they may not be able to accelerate their Notes upon the occur-
rence of certain events of default, unless the required quorum of Noteholders with respect to the Series of Notes 
delivers default notices. 
Market price risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest 
rate levels, the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack of or excess 
demand for the relevant type of Note. The Noteholders are therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavourable 
development of market prices of their Notes, which materialises if the Noteholders sell the Notes prior to the 
final maturity of such Notes. If a Noteholder decides to hold the Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be 
redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
In particular, a Noteholder of Fixed Rate Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result 
of changes in the market interest rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital market 
(market interest rate) typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of Fixed 
Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of Fixed 
Rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of 
comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically increases, until the 
yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the Noteholder 
of Fixed Rate Notes holds such Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance 
to such Noteholder as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal 
amount of such Notes. 
A Noteholder of Floating Rate Notes is particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability of 
Floating Rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should 
be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Liquidity risk 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Base Prospectus to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. However, there is a risk that no liquid secondary market for such Notes will develop or, if it does 
develop, that it will not continue. The fact that Notes will be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity 
as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, 
however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. 
The liquidity of a Series of Notes may also be subject to fluctuations during the term of such Notes and may 
deteriorate, in particular as a result of repurchases and redemptions. 
In an illiquid market, an investor is subject to the risk that he will not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair 
market prices.  
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions by resolution of the Noteholders and appointment of a joint repre-
sentative 
Since the Terms and Conditions for a Series of Notes may be amended by the Issuer with consent of the relevant 
Noteholders by way of a majority resolution in a Noteholders' Meeting or by a vote not requiring a physical 
meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) as described in Sections 5 et seq. of the German Act on Issues of 
Debt Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen, SchVG), the Issuer may subse-
quently amend the Terms and Conditions with the consent of the majority of Noteholders as described in § 15 
of the Terms and Conditions, which amendment will be binding on all Noteholders of the relevant Series of 
Notes, even on those who voted against the change. As the relevant majority for Noteholders' resolutions is 
generally based on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes 
outstanding, any such resolution may technically be passed with the consent of less than a majority of the ag-
gregate principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
Therefore, a Noteholder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Noteholders. As 
such majority resolution is binding on all Noteholders of a particular Series of Notes, certain rights of such Note-
holder against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions may be amended or reduced or cancelled, even for 
Noteholders who have declared their claims arising from the Notes due and payable but who have not received

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
payment from the Issuer prior to the amendment taking effect, which may have significant negative effects on 
the value of the Notes and the return from the Notes. 
The Noteholders may by majority resolution provide for the appointment or dismissal of a joint representative. 
If a joint representative is appointed a Noteholder may be deprived of its individual right to pursue and enforce 
a part or all of its rights under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, such right passing to the Noteholders' 
joint representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Noteholders. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
Potential investors should bear in mind that an investment in the Notes could involve currency risks. This pre-
sents certain risks relating to currency conversions if a Noteholder's financial activities are denominated princi-
pally in a currency or currency unit (investor's currency) other than the currency of the relevant Notes. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may change significantly (including changes due to devaluation of the cur-
rency of the relevant Notes or revaluation of the investor's currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdic-
tion over the investor's currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
investor's currency relative to the currency of the relevant Notes would decrease (i) the investor's currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the investor's currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes 
and (iii) the investor's currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange con-
trols that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, Noteholders may receive less 
principal and/or interest than expected, or no principal and/or interest at all. 
Credit ratings of the Notes may not reflect all risks of an investment in the Notes; they are not recommenda-
tions to buy or hold securities, and are subject to revision, suspension, or withdrawal at any time. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed herein, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or 
hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension, or withdrawal by the rating agency at any time. No 
assurance can be given that a credit rating will remain constant for any given period of time or that a credit 
rating will not be reduced or withdrawn entirely by the credit rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so 
warrant. Any suspension, reduction, or withdrawal of the credit rating assigned to the relevant Notes by one or 
more of the credit rating agencies may adversely affect the cost and terms and conditions of the Group's fi-
nancings and could adversely affect the value and trading of such Notes. 
Risks related to the specific Conditions of the Notes  
Risk of early redemption 
At the Issuer's option, the Notes may be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date at par plus accrued interest if, as 
a result of a future change of the laws applicable in Germany, the Issuer will be obliged to pay Additional 
Amounts (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). 
If provided for in any Final Terms for a particular Series of Notes, the Notes may be redeemed prior to the 
Maturity Date (i) at the option of the Issuer at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, (ii) at the option of the 
Issuer on any specified Call Redemption Date or within any specified Call Redemption Period(s), (iii) at the option 
of the Issuer upon occurrence of a transaction related event, or (iv) at the option of the Issuer if at any time the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series outstanding is equal to or less than 20 per cent. 
of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Series originally issued.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
If the Notes of any Series are redeemed earlier than expected by a Noteholder, a Noteholder is exposed to the 
risk that due to the early redemption his investment will have a lower than expected yield and to the risks con-
nected with any reinvestment of the cash proceeds received as a result of the early redemption. The redemption 
amount may be lower than the then prevailing market price of and the purchase price for the Notes paid by the 
Noteholder for the Notes so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital. 
Risk related to the reform of interest rate "Benchmarks" and possible replacement of a Benchmark 
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes are linked to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR). "Benchmarks" 
such as the EURIBOR (each a Benchmark and together, Benchmarks) have, in recent years, been the subject of 
political and regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform 
and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include in particular the European Council's regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of 8 June 2016, as amended, on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (Benchmark Regulation) which is fully applicable since 1 January 
2018. 
Following the implementation of such reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may change, with 
the result that they perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there 
could be consequences which cannot be predicted. Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark 
Regulation or other initiatives could have a material adverse effect on the costs of obtaining exposure to a 
Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks. 
Investors should be aware that, if a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest 
on Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such Benchmark will be determined for the rele-
vant interest period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. 
If a Benchmark used to calculate interest amounts payable under any Notes for any interest period has ceased 
to be calculated or administered, the Issuer shall endeavour to appoint an independent adviser, which must be 
an independent financial institution of international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced 
in the international capital markets. Such independent adviser will be tasked with determining whether an offi-
cially recognised successor rate to the discontinued Benchmark exists. If that is not the case, the independent 
adviser will attempt to find an alternative rate which, possibly after application of adjustments or spreads, can 
replace the discontinued Benchmark. If the independent adviser determines a successor rate or alternative rate 
(New Benchmark Rate), such rate will replace the previous Benchmark for purposes of determining the relevant 
rate of interest. Such determination will be binding for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and 
the Noteholders of such Notes. Any amendments pursuant to these fallback provisions will apply with effect 
from the effective date specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
If the Issuer fails to appoint an independent adviser or if the adviser fails to determine a New Benchmark Rate 
prior to the relevant interest determination date, the reference rate applicable to the immediately following 
interest period shall be the reference rate applicable as at the last preceding interest determination date. Any 
subsequent interest period may be subject to the subsequent operation of the fallback provisions.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
The replacement of a Benchmark could have adverse effects on the economic return of the Noteholders of the 
relevant Notes compared to the applicable original benchmark rate. In turn, any such adverse effects may lead 
to a decrease in value of the Notes. 
The Issuer may not be able to make a change of control redemption upon demand. 
Upon the occurrence of certain specified change of control events, Noteholders will have the right to require 
that the Issuer redeems any Notes at the principal amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the 
optional redemption date. The Issuer's ability to redeem Notes upon such a change of control event will be 
limited by Issuer's access to funds at the time of the redemption. Upon a change of control event, TAG may be 
required to immediately repay the outstanding principal, any accrued interest on and any other amounts owed 
by TAG under other debt outstanding (see "Financial Risks" above). The source of funds for these repayments 
would be the available cash or cash generated from other sources. It cannot be assured that if an event that 
requires the Issuer to offer to redeem the Notes occurs that the Issuer will have, or has access to, sufficient 
funds to pay the required redemption amount for all of the Notes tendered to the Issuer by the Noteholders 
Risks associated with Notes with a specific use of proceeds, such as ESG bonds 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to 
apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities 
that promote social and environmental purposes (Eligible Sustainable Projects). TAG has established a frame-
work for such issuances which further specifies the eligibility criteria for such Eligible Sustainable Projects (Sus-
tainable Finance Framework). The Sustainable Finance Framework and any Sustainability Evaluation (as defined 
below) solicited by the Issuer can be accessed on the website of the Issuer (www.tag-ag.com/en/investor-rela-
tions/creditor-relations). For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Sustainable Finance Framework nor the con-
tent of the website or any Sustainability Evaluation (as defined below) are incorporated by reference into or 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and in the Sustainable 
Finance Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor 
deems necessary. 
Compliance with future voluntary or regulatory initiatives 
Due to the envisaged use of the proceeds from the issuance of such Tranches of Notes, the Issuer may refer to 
such Notes as "ESG bonds", "green bonds", "social bonds" or "sustainable bonds". There is currently no clearly 
defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes or may be 
classified as, a "green", "social" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project. It is an area which has been, 
and continues to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory initiatives to develop rules, 
guidelines, standards, taxonomies and objectives. Even if such voluntary or regulatory initiatives should arrive 
at a definition "green", "social" or "sustainable", they are not necessarily meant to apply to the Notes not will 
the Issuer necessarily seek compliance for any of the Notes with all or some of such rules, guidelines, standards, 
taxonomies or objectives. 
For example, at the EU level, on 18 December 2019, the Council and the European Parliament reached a political 
agreement on a regulation to establish a framework to facilitate sustainable development (Taxonomy Regula-
tion), which entered into force on 12 July 2020. Building on that, on 12 June 2020, the European Commission 
launched a public consultation on the creation of a European standard for green bonds (EU Green Bond Stand-
ard) and published the legislative proposal for its establishment on 6 July 2021. The EU Green Bond Standard is

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
supposed to create the basis for a common framework of rules for issuers wishing to use the designation Euro-
pean green bonds. The main objectives of the EU Green Bond Standard are to support investors regarding the 
identification of green bonds as well as to facilitate the issuance of green bonds. As of the date of the Base 
Prospectus, the proposal is not yet approved by the European Parliament and the European Council. 
Due to the still ongoing legislative initiatives, no assurance can be given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the 
envisaged use of proceeds for relevant Notes by the Issuer for any Eligible Sustainable Projects in accordance 
with the Sustainable Finance Framework will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, (i) any existing or future legis-
lative or regulatory requirements, or (ii) any present or future investor expectations or requirements with re-
spect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to comply 
under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
Failure to comply with the intended use of proceeds 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Notes so specified 
for Eligible Sustainable Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms and the 
Sustainable Finance Framework, there can be no assurance by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that 
the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects will be capable of 
being implemented or acquired in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule 
and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Sustainable Projects. 
Nor can there be any assurance by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such Eligible Sustainable 
Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not 
related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or any failure by the Issuer to do so will not constitute an event or default under the Notes or 
give the Noteholders the right to otherwise early terminate and demand redemption of the Notes. 
Sustainability evaluations 
No assurance or representation can be given by the Issuer or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability for 
any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) 
which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Sus-
tainable Projects to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria (each a Sustainability 
Evaluation also referred to as a "Second-Party Opinion"). Any such Sustainability Evaluation may not address 
risks that may affect the value of any Notes issued in accordance with the Sustainable Finance Framework (Sus-
tainable Financing Instruments) or any Eligible Sustainable Projects against which the Issuer may assign the 
proceeds of any Notes. 
Such Sustainability Evaluation provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is 
not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without 
limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. Such Sustainability Eval-
uation is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. Any such Sustainability Evaluation is not, nor should 
be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
Notes. Any such Sustainability Evaluation is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued and may 
be updated, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant provider(s) at any time. Prospective investors must deter-
mine for themselves the relevance of any such Sustainability Evaluation and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such Sustainability Evaluation for the purpose of any investment in any Notes.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight. There can be no assurance that Noteholders will have any recourse against the provider(s) 
of any Sustainability Evaluation. 
Listing of Notes on specific stock exchange segments or platforms 
In the event that any Series of Notes is listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not 
regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such 
listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or require-
ments with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required 
to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it 
should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange 
or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers 
or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Series of 
Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of that Series 
of Notes. 
Summary of potential implications for Noteholders 
Any of the risks mentioned above and in particular (i) the non-compliance of the Notes with any future voluntary 
or regulatory standard for sustainable instruments, (ii) a failure to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds 
of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Sustainable Projects and (iii) the withdrawal of any Sustainability Evaluation 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes 
which are intended to finance Eligible Sustainable Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER 
FORMATION AND INCORPORATION 
The Issuer was founded as a railway company with the legal name "Eisenbahn Actiengesellschaft Schaftlach-
Gmund-Tegernsee", Munich, in 1882. The registered share capital (Grundkapital) of "Eisenbahn Actiengesell-
schaft Schaftlach-Gmund-Tegernsee" at the time it was formed amounted to 300,000 Marks. The share capital 
was divided into 600 bearer shares of 500 Marks each. 
The Issuer's legal name (Firma) "Eisenbahn Actiengesellschaft Schaftlach-Gmund-Tegernsee" was altered to "Te-
gernsee-Bahn Aktiengesellschaft" in 1942. The legal name was changed again, to "TAG Tegernseebahn Immobi-
lien-und Beteiligungs-Aktiengesellschaft", in 1999. The legal name was changed furthermore in 2001, to "TAG 
Tegernsee Immobilien- und Beteiligungs-Aktiengesellschaft", and in 2008 to the present legal name, "TAG Im-
mobilien AG". In 2008, the Issuer's registered office was also moved from Tegernsee to Hamburg. 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT 
In 1882, the Issuer's business focused primarily on rail transport – initially exclusively for the line between Schaft-
lach and Gmund – and after 1902, also on the extended line from Gmund to Tegernsee. It also offered bus 
transport. In 1947, it transferred the operation of the bus lines to Kraftverkehr Tegernsee Immobilien Gesell-
schaft, a subsidiary created for that purpose, which continued to run the bus operation until 1990. The Issuer 
transferred the railway operation to Tegernsee-Bahn Betriebsgesellschaft (TBG), its wholly owned subsidiary 
created for that purpose, in 1983. TBG held the rail concession for the Tegernsee-Bahn railway, which it contin-
ued to operate until 28 November 1998 and then leased to Bayerische Oberlandbahn GmbH. The Issuer sold its 
stake in TBG in 2012 and thus gave up on its former core business.  
Since 2000, the Issuer focuses on the real estate business. In the first years as a diversified real estate group and 
since 2009 on residential real estate as a long-term investment. First stages in this process were the acquisition 
of JUS Aktiengesellschaft für Grundbesitz in 2000 and Bau-Verein zu Hamburg Immobilien-GmbH in 2001. After-
wards, the Issuer increased its commercial real estate activities by acquiring a portfolio of real estate, located 
mainly in Bavaria, in 2006 with a volume of approximately EUR 129 million and a further real estate portfolio 
from Siemens AG in 2007 with a volume of around EUR 171 million. 
In November 2000, the shares of the Issuer were admitted to trading on the stock exchanges in Frankfurt Main 
and Munich to the official trading (amtlicher Handel) for the first time. In addition, the Issuer's shares continued 
to be traded in the open market at the stock exchanges in Berlin, Stuttgart, Dusseldorf and Hamburg, as well as 
on the XETRA. In 2006, the Issuer's shares were admitted to the S-DAX, a share index of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange for small and medium sized listed companies. 
In 2010, the Issuer undertook a major expansion of its residential real estate portfolio through various transac-
tions in which the Group acquired approximately 2,800 units, mostly in Berlin, North Rhine-Westphalia (Nord-
rhein-Westfalen) and selected locations in Saxony (Sachsen). Based on the acquisition of a majority stake in the 
listed Colonia Real Estate AG at the beginning of 2011, the Group more than tripled the number of residential 
units in its real estate portfolio. In addition, the Group added a further approximately 4,300 residential units to 
its portfolio through various transactions in 2011.  
In the first half of the financial year 2012, the Group extended its real estate portfolio through the acquisition of 
DKB Immobilien AG (now TAG Potsdam-Immobilien GmbH) with a residential portfolio of approximately 25,000 
units primarily located in East Germany. Furthermore, the Group broadened its portfolio in the Berlin region and 
Saxony through various business transactions in the first nine months of 2012. In November 2012, the Issuer 
acquired TAG Wohnen GmbH holding a residential real estate portfolio that included approximately 11,500 units

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
in East Germany and which to a substantial extent overlapped geographically with the Group’s previous residen-
tial real estate portfolio. In the same year, the Issuer's shares were admitted to the share index M-DAX, another 
more prominent share index of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
In 2014, the Group discontinued its commercial real estate business by selling its shares in TAG Gewerbeimmo-
bilien GmbH. Only a few commercial properties remained in the Group's portfolio, which it also used itself, such 
as the corporate headquarters in Hamburg. Since then, the Group has been pursuing a growing cash flow strat-
egy with the goal to sustainably increase the value of the Group. This aim was inter alia pursued by the strategic 
expansion and value enhancement of the residential real estate portfolio. This was achieved through a capital 
recycling strategy in which the Group sold off parts of its real estate portfolio and replaced them with more 
value-generating assets. In this course, the Group increased its real estate portfolio to approximately 87,600 
residential units in Germany as of 31 December 2021. 
On 8 November 2019 the Issuer entered the Polish residential market by signing an investment agreement to 
acquire 100% of the shares in Vantage, a real estate developer owning a secured residential pipeline consisting 
of several residential projects in Wrocław  representing a total of around 5,300 units. In the following the Group 
increased its investments in Poland via Vantage and owns at the end of 2021 circa 500 completed residential 
units and a secured pipeline to construct circa 12,100 further residential units in Wrocław, Poznań, Łódź, Gdańsk 
and Kraków. 
On 22 December 2021, the Issuer signed an agreement to acquire all the shares in ROBYG, one of Poland’s largest 
residential developers with a focus on projects in Warsaw and Gdańsk and additional projects in Wrocław and 
Poznań. The acquisition is expected to close on 31 March 2022. As of 31 December 2021, ROBYG owned a se-
cured pipeline of about 25,500 residential units, including circa 4,500 presold units.  
COMMERCIAL NAME, REGISTERED OFFICE AND LEGAL ENTITY IDENTIFIER 
The legal name of the Issuer is "TAG Immobilien AG". The Issuer and its subsidiaries conduct their business under 
the commercial name "TAG". The Issuer is a holding company organized and existing under the laws of Germany. 
The Issuer is a German stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) and the transfer of its registered seat to Hamburg 
was registered with the commercial register of the local court (Amtsgericht) Hamburg, Germany as of 19 Sep-
tember 2008. 
The Issuer is registered with the commercial register of the local court of Hamburg under the registration num-
ber HRB 106718. Its registered business address, and its principal office, is Steckelhörn 5, 20457 Hamburg, Ger-
many, and its telephone number is +49 40 380320. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 
529900TAE68USJNXLR59.  
The website of the Issuer is www.tag-ag.com. The information on this website does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the CSSF. 
FISCAL YEAR AND DURATION 
The fiscal year of the Issuer is the calendar year. The Issuer was established for an unlimited period of time.  
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
The Issuer's share capital as of the date of this Base Prospectus amounts to EUR 146,498,765.00 divided into 
146,498,765 ordinary bearer shares with no-par value (Stückaktien) and is fully paid up.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
The shares in the Issuer are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Prime Standard) and are included in the M-
DAX market index. 
Pursuant to notifications received by the Issuer in accordance with the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpa-
pierhandelsgesetz – WpHG) through 16 March 2022, the following shareholders directly or indirectly hold more 
than 3% of the Issuer's shares:  
Shareholder 
 
Share of voting rights (in %) 
Massachusetts Financial Services Company, Massachusetts, U.S. 
 
9.9% 
BlackRock, Inc., Wilmington, Delaware, U.S. 
 
8.1% 
The Capital Group Companies, Inc., Los Angeles, California, U.S. 
 
7.7% 
Flossbach von Storch AG, Cologne, Germany 
 
5.0% 
BayernInvest Kapitalverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich, Germany 
 
4.9% 
Versorgungsanstalt des Bundes und der Länder, Karlsruhe, Germany 
 
4.7% 
Total 
 
40.3% 
The percentage values shown in the table above are based on the amount of voting rights last notified to the 
Issuer with regard to the stated reference date by the respective shareholder pursuant to sections 33 et seqq. 
WpHG. It should be noted that the number of voting rights last notified could have changed since such notifica-
tions were submitted to the Issuer without requiring the relevant shareholder to submit a corresponding voting 
rights notification if no notifiable thresholds have been reached or crossed. 
Other shareholders, including those shareholders whose shareholdings represent less than 3 % of the total vot-
ing rights in the Issuer, hold the remaining 59.7% of the shares of the Issuer. All of the Issuer's shares confer the 
same voting rights. 
All notifications made by shareholders in accordance with the WpHG are published on the website of the Issuer 
(www.tag-ag.com/en/news/voting-rights-announcements) under "News – Voting Rights Announcements".

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
GROUP STRUCTURE 
The Issuer's principal activity is to act as a management holding company. In this capacity it performs group-wide tasks for the entire group of companies. Central departments 
such as Finance, Accounting, Tax, Controlling, Human Resources, IT, Procurement and Legal are thus directly located at the Issuer. For details on the Issuer's principal activities, 
please refer to "Business of the Group" below.  
The overview on the following page shows the simplified corporate structure and the consolidated subsidiaries of the Issuer as of the date of the Base Prospectus:

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
TAG Potsdam-Immobilien GmbH 
100%
TAG Beteiligungs-und Immobilienverwaltungs GmbH 
100%
BV zH Hausverwaltungsgesellschaft 
mbH
100%
BV zu Hamburg 
Wohnungsgesellschaft mbH
100%
TAG Portfolio Mecklenburg-
Vorpommern GmbH & Co. KG
100%
TAG Wohnungsges. Mecklenburg-
Vorpommern mbH
100%
TAG Wohnungsges. Sachsen mbH
100%
TAG Portfolio Sachsen 
GmbH & Co. KG
100%
TAG Immobilien Service GmbH
100%
TAG Wohnungsgesellschaft Berlin-
Brandenburg mbH
94,82%
TAG Wohnungsges. Thüringen mbH
94%
TAG Portfolio Thüringen 
GmbH & Co. KG
100%
TAG Wohnungsgesellschaft Gera 
mbH
100%
TAG Wohnungsgesellschaft Gera-
Debschwitz mbH 
100%
TAG Havel-Wohnimmobilien GmbH 
previously WOBRA Stadtumbauges. 
TAG BI
94,80%
Energie Wohnen Service GmbH
100%
TAG Nordimmobilien GmbH
100%
TAG Finance Holding GmbH
100%
TAG Btgl. VW GmbH
100%
TAG Residential Real Estate Sp.z.o.o.
100%
TAG Residential Real Estate 
Sp.z.o.o. II
100%
Vantage Development S.A.
100%
TAG Immobilien AG
TAG Chemnitz-Immo. GmbH
100%
TAG TSA Wohnimmobilien GmbH
100%
TAG Wohnen GmbH
100%
TAG NRW-Wohnimmobilien & 
BeteiligungsGmbH
100%
TAG 1. NRW-Immobilien GmbH
100%
TAG 2. NRW-Immobilien GmbH 
100%
TAG Sachsenimmobilien GmbH
100%
TAG Marzahn-Immobilien GmbH
100%
TAG Leipzig-Immobilien GmbH 
100%
TAG SH-Immobilien GmbH
100%
TAG Magdeburg-Immo. GmbH
100%
TAG Grebensteiner-Immo. GmbH
100%
TAG Klosterplatz-Immo. GmbH
100%
TAG Wolfsburg-Immo. GmbH
100%
TAG Spreewaldviertel-Immo GmbH
100%
TAG Stadthaus am Anger GmbH
100%
Multimedia Immobilien GmbH
100%
TAG Colonia-ImmoblienAG
79,06%
TAG Grasmus Immobilien GmbH
94%
Colonia Immo Vw. GmbH
100%
Colonia Wohnen GmbH
100%
Colonia Portfolio Ost GmbH
100%
Colonia Portfolio Berlin GmbH
100%
Colonia Portfolio Nauen 
GmbH & Co. KG
100%
TAG Wohnimmobilien Halle 
GmbH & Co. KG
100%
Colonia Portfolio Bremen 
GmbH & Co. KG
100%
Colonia Portfolio Hamburg
GmbH & Co. KG
100%
Colonia Wohnen Siebte GmbH
100%
Emersion 
Grundst.Vw.Ges.mbH
94%
Domus 
Grundst.Vw.Ges.mbH
94%
TAG Wohnen & Service GmbH
93,57%
TAG Immobilien Verwaltung 
GmbH
100%
Altstadt Assekuranzvermittlung 
und Schadensmanagement 
GmbH
49%
Texas Gewerbeimmobilien S.á.r.l.
20%
FC REF I GmbH
80%
BV zH Eigenheim-Immo. GmbH
100%
TAG Gotha Wohnimmobilien GmbH & 
Co. KG
100%
TAG Zuhause Wohnen GmbH
100%
TAG Steckelhöm Immobilien GmbH 
100%
TAG Schwerin-Immobilien GmbH
100%
TAG Bartol Immobilien GmbH
94,80%
TAG Certram Immobilien GmbH
94,80%
TAG Sivaka Immobilien GmbH
94,80%
TAG Zidal Immobilien GmbH
94,84%
TAG Cottbus-Immobilien GmbH
94,84%
TAG Gotha-Immobilien GmbH
94,8%
TAG Müritz-Immobilien GmbH
94,8%
TAG Chemnitz Zeisigwald Immobilien 
GmbH
94,80%
TAG Merseburg-Immobilien GmbH
94%
TAG Grimma-Immobilien GmbH
94,9%
TAG Sachsen-Anhalt Immobilien GmbH
94,9%
TAG Halle-Immobilien GmbH 
94,9%
BV Hamburger Wohnimmo. GmbH
100%
BV zH „Junges Wohnen“ GmbH
100%
VFHG Verwaltungs GmbH
100%
Urania Grundstücksgesellschaft mbH
100%
BVV BV zH Fonds Verwaltungs
GmbH
100%
TAG Handwerkerservice GmbH 
100%
Zweite Immobtlg. GS. BVV BV zH
Fonds GmbH & Co. KG
92,05%
TAG Greifswald-Immobilien 
GmbH
100%
TAG Vogtland-Immobilien GmbH
100%
TAG Brandenburg-Immobilien GmbH
100%
TAG Chemnitz Straubehof Immobilien 
GmbH
94,80%
TAG Chemnitz Muldental Immobilien 
GmbH 
94,80%
Bau-Verein zu Hamburg Immo. GmbH
94,9%

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
SUBSIDIARIES OF THE ISSUER 
The following table presents an overview of the Group's consolidated subsidiaries as of this Base Prospectus: 
Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 
Registered Seat 
 
Share Capital in % 
Bau-Verein zu Hamburg Immobilien GmbH  
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
Bau-Verein zu Hamburg Wohnungsgesellschaft mbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
BV Hamburger Wohnimmobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
VFHG Verwaltungs GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
Bau-Verein zu Hamburg Eigenheim-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
Bau-Verein zu Hamburg „Junges Wohnen“ GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
URANIA Grundstücksgesellschaft mbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
Bau-Verein zu Hamburg Hausverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Handwerkerservice GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
BVV Bau-Verein zu Hamburg Fonds Verwaltungsgesellschaft 
mbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Greifswald-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Steckelhörn Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Schwerin-Immobilien GmbH  
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Brandenburg-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Gotha Wohnimmobilien GmbH & Co. KG 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Zuhause Wohnen GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Wohnen & Service GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Immobilien Verwaltung GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Potsdam-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Portfolio Mecklenburg-Vorpommern GmbH&Co.KG 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Wohnungsgesellschaft Mecklenburg-Vorpommern mbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Wohnungsgesellschaft Sachsen mbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Portfolio Sachsen GmbH & Co. KG  
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Immobilien Service GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Beteiligungs- und Immobilienverwaltungs GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
Energie Wohnen Service GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Finance Holding GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Beteiligungsverwaltungs GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Nordimmobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Sachsenimmobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG NRW-Wohnimmobilien & Beteiligungs GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 
Registered Seat 
 
Share Capital in % 
TAG 1. NRW-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG 2. NRW-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Leipzig-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.00 
TAG Marzahn-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG SH-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Magdeburg-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Grebensteiner-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Klosterplatz-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Wolfsburg-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Chemnitz-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Spreewaldviertel-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Wohnen GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Stadthaus am Anger GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG TSA Wohnimmobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
Multimedia Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
TAG Vogtland-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
100.0 
Zweite Immobilienbeteiligungsgesellschaft BVV Bau-Verein zu 
Hamburg Fonds GmbH & Co. KG 
 
Hamburg 
 
98.1 
TAG Halle-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.9 
TAG Grimma-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.9 
TAG Sachsen-Anhalt Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.9 
TAG Cottbus-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.8 
TAG Wohnungsgesellschaft Berlin-Brandenburg mbH, 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.8 
TAG Bartol Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.8 
TAG Certram Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.8 
TAG Sivaka Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.8 
TAG Zidal Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.8 
TAG Chemnitz Straubehof Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.8 
TAG Chemnitz Muldental Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.8 
TAG Chemnitz Zeisigwald Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.8 
TAG Havel-Wohnimmobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.8 
TAG Gotha-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.8 
TAG Müritz-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.8 
TAG Wohnungsgesellschaft Thüringen mbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.0 
TAG Portfolio Thüringen GmbH & Co. KG 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.0

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 
Registered Seat 
 
Share Capital in % 
TAG Wohnungsgesellschaft Gera mbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.0 
TAG Wohnungsgesellschaft Gera-Debschwitz mbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.0 
TAG Merseburg-Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
94.0 
TAG Grasmus Immobilien GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
84.8 
Emersion Grundstücksverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
84.8 
Domus Grundstücksverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
84.8 
TAG Colonia-Immobilien AG 
 
Hamburg 
 
84.2 
Colonia Wohnen GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
84.2 
Colonia Immobilien Verwaltung GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
84.2 
Colonia Portfolio Ost GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
84.2 
Colonia Portfolio Berlin GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
84.2 
Colonia Portfolio Bremen GmbH & Co. KG 
 
Hamburg 
 
84.2 
Colonia Portfolio Hamburg GmbH & Co. KG 
 
Hamburg 
 
84.2 
Colonia Wohnen Siebte GmbH 
 
Hamburg 
 
84.2 
Colonia Portfolio Nauen GmbH & Co. KG 
 
Hamburg 
 
84.2 
TAG Wohnimmobilien Halle GmbH & Co. KG 
 
Hamburg 
 
84.2 
FC REF I GmbH 
 
Grünwald 
 
80.0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Portfolio Poland 
 
 
TAG Residential Real Estate Sp.z.o.o.  
 
Wrocław 
 
100.0 
TAG Residential Real Estate II Sp.z.o.o. 
 
Wrocław 
 
100.0 
Vantage Development S.A.  
 
Wrocław 
 
100.0 
VD Sp. z o.o.  
 
Wrocław 
 
100.0 
Promenady IX VD Sp. z o.o.  
 
Wrocław 
 
100.0 
VD Mieszkania XVII Sp. z o.o.  
 
Wrocław 
 
100.0 
VD Mieszkania XVIII Sp. z o.o.  
 
Wrocław 
 
100.0 
VD Serwis Sp. z o.o.  
 
Wrocław 
 
100.0 
VD Rent Poznań 1 Sp. z o.o.  
 
Wrocław 
 
100.0 
VD Rent Łódź 1 Sp. z o.o.  
 
Wrocław 
 
100.0 
VD Rent Wrocław 1 Sp. z o.o.  
 
Wrocław 
 
100.0 
VD Rent Wrocław 2 Sp. z o.o.  
 
Wrocław 
 
100.0 
Ogrody Botaniczne Sp. z.oo.  
 
Poznań 
 
100.0 
VD Sp. z o. o., Mieszkania XX Sp. k.  
 
Wrocław 
 
100.0 
Finanse VD sp. z o. o. sp. k.  
 
Wrocław 
 
100.0

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 
Registered Seat 
 
Share Capital in % 
Biznes Port sp. z o.o.  
 
Wrocław 
 
65.0 
Popowice sp. z o.o.  
 
Wrocław 
 
65.0 
Port Popowice sp. z o.o. sp. k.  
 
Wrocław 
 
65.0 
AUDITOR 
The auditor of the Issuer's annual and consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ending 31 December 
2020 and ending 31 December 2021 was KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Fuhlentwiete 5, 20355 
Hamburg, Germany, (KPMG).  
KPMG audited  
(i.)  
the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal year ending 31 December 2021 
prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European 
Union (IFRS) and the additional requirements of the German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e 
para. 1 of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch – HGB) and  
(ii.)  
the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal year ending 31 December 2020 
prepared in accordance with IFRS and the additional requirements of the German commercial law pur-
suant to Section 315e para. 1 of HGB 
and issued on each of them an independent unqualified auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhäng-
igen Abschlussprüfers).  
KPMG is a member of the German Chamber of Auditors (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), Rauchstraße 26, 10787 
Berlin, Germany. 
GOVERNING BODIES 
Overview 
The Issuer's governing bodies are the Management Board, the supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) of the Issuer 
(Supervisory Board) and General Meeting. The Issuer has a two-tier management and control system, consisting 
of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board. The powers and responsibilities of these governing bodies 
are determined by the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz, AktG), the German Corporate Governance 
Code (Deutscher Corporate Governance Kodex) (Code), the Articles of Association and the internal rules of pro-
cedure for both the Supervisory Board (Geschäftsordnung für den Aufsichtsrat) and the Management Board 
(Geschäftsordnung für den Vorstand). 
The Management Board is responsible for managing the Issuer in accordance with applicable law and the Articles 
of Association while taking into account the resolutions of the General Meeting as well as the resolutions of the 
Supervisory Board. The members of the Management Board represent the Issuer in dealings with third parties. 
Simultaneous management and supervisory board membership in a German stock corporation is not permitted 
under the AktG; however, in exceptional cases and for an interim period, a member of the supervisory board 
may occupy a vacant seat on the management board of the same German stock corporation. During this period, 
such individual may not perform any duties for the supervisory board. Such stand-in arrangement is limited in 
time for a maximum period of one year.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Pursuant to the Articles of Association, the Management Board consists of one or more members. The Supervi-
sory Board appoints the members of the Management Board and is entitled to dismiss such members under 
certain circumstances. As set out in the AktG, the Supervisory Board advises and supervises the Management 
Board's administration of stock corporations and therefore of the Issuer but is not itself authorized to manage 
the Issuer. Certain transactions of the Issuer and its dependent companies (abhängige Unternehmen) require 
the consent of the Supervisory Board. Pursuant to the rules of procedure for the Supervisory Board, matters 
subject to the consent of the Supervisory Board currently include, the following: 
 
the acquisition, disposal of and encumbrance of land and leasehold rights, the acquisition and disposal 
of existing shares in companies, the assumption of sureties, guarantees or similar liabilities, provided 
that the value of these transactions exceeds EUR 20 million in an individual case and (i.) as far as these 
transactions do not refer to business activities with affiliated companies and (ii.) with regard to the 
assumption of sureties, guarantees or similar liabilities require only the supervisory boards consent if 
they are concluded outside the ordinary course of business, 
 
to transactions with a total investment of EUR 20 million even if the purchase or encumbrance of real 
property related to these transactions is below the business value of EUR 20 million and 
 
for raising bonds and other financing instruments, e.g. bank loans or promissory notes with a value of 
more than EUR 100 million. 
The aforementioned reservations of approval by the Supervisory Board also apply if the Management Board 
participates in transactions of this kind at affiliated companies by issuing instructions, giving its consent, voting 
or in any other way. 
In addition to these aforementioned transactions and measures, the Supervisory Board may stipulate other 
types of transactions and measures to be subject to a requirement of its consent within the internal rules of 
procedure for the Management Board or for the Supervisory Board or by a resolution of its members.  
Each member of the Management Board and Supervisory Board owes a duty of loyalty, duty of legality and duty 
of care to the Issuer. Members of these bodies must consider in their decision-making a broad spectrum of 
interests, particularly those of the Issuer and its shareholders, employees and creditors. In addition, the Man-
agement Board must take into consideration the shareholders' rights to equal treatment and equal access to 
information. If members of the Management Board or Supervisory Board breach their duties, they may be indi-
vidually liable or jointly and severally liable with the other members of the Management Board or the Supervi-
sory Board to the Issuer for compensatory damages. 
Under German law, a shareholder generally has no right to proceed directly against members of the Manage-
ment Board or Supervisory Board to assert a breach of their duties to the Issuer. In general, only the Issuer has 
the right to enforce claims for damages against the members of the Management Board or the Supervisory 
Board. With respect to claims against members of the Supervisory Board, the Issuer is represented by the Man-
agement Board, and the Supervisory Board represents the Issuer with respect to claims against members of the 
Management Board. Pursuant to a decision of the German Federal Supreme Court (Bundesgerichtshof), the Su-
pervisory Board is required to assert damages claims against the Management Board if they are likely to succeed, 
unless significant interests of the Issuer conflict with the pursuit of such claims and outweigh the reasons for 
bringing such claims. Even if they decide not to pursue a claim, the Management Board and the Supervisory 
Board must nevertheless assert the Issuer's claims for damages if a resolution to this effect is passed by the 
General Meeting with a simple majority vote. The General Meeting may also appoint a special representative 
(besonderer Vertreter) to assert the claims. Such a special representative may also be appointed by the court 
upon a request by shareholders whose shares together amount to not less than 1/10th of the share capital or

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
represent a pro rata amount of EUR 1,000,000.00.  
In addition, the General Meeting may appoint a special auditor (Sonderprüfer) to audit transactions, particularly 
management transactions, by a simple majority vote. If the General Meeting rejects a motion to appoint a special 
auditor, the court must appoint a special auditor upon the request of shareholders whose shares together 
amount to not less than 1/100th of the share capital at the time the request is filed or represent a pro rata 
amount of EUR 100,000.00 if facts exist that justify the suspicion that the behaviour in question constituted 
dishonesty or gross violations of the law or the Articles of Association. If the General Meeting appoints a special 
auditor, the court must appoint another special auditor upon the petition of shareholders whose shares cumu-
latively constitute 1% of the share capital at the time the petition is filed or constitute a pro rata share of 
EUR 100,000.00 if this appears necessary, in particular because the appointed special auditor is unsuited. 
Shareholders and shareholder associations can solicit other shareholders to file a petition, jointly or by proxy, 
for a special audit, for the appointment of a special representative, or to convene a General Meeting or exercise 
voting rights in a General Meeting in the issuer's forum of the German Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger), which 
is also accessible via the website of the German Company Register (Unternehmensregister). If there are facts 
that justify the suspicion that the Issuer was harmed by dishonesty or a gross violation of law or the Articles of 
Association, shareholders who collectively hold 1% of the share capital or a pro rata share of EUR 100,000.00 
may also, under certain further conditions, seek damages from members of the Issuer's governing bodies in their 
own names through court proceedings seeking leave to file a claim for damages. Such claims, however, become 
inadmissible if the Issuer itself files a claim for damages. 
The Issuer may only waive or settle claims for damages against members of the Management Board or Supervi-
sory Board three years after such claims arose and if the shareholders grant their consent at the General Meeting 
by simple majority vote and if no objection is raised and documented in the minutes of the General Meeting by 
shareholders whose shares cumulatively constitute 10% of the share capital. 
Under German law, individual shareholders and all other persons are prohibited from using their influence on 
the Issuer to cause a member of the Management Board or the Supervisory Board to take an action detrimental 
to the Issuer. A shareholder with a controlling influence may not use that influence to cause the Issuer to act 
contrary to its own interests unless there is a domination agreement (Beherrschungsvertrag) between the share-
holder and the Issuer and unless the influence remains within the boundaries of certain mandatory provisions 
of law or compensation is paid for the disadvantages that the Issuer suffers from such influence. Any person 
who intentionally uses his or her influence on the Issuer to cause a member of the Management Board or the 
Supervisory Board, an authorized representative (Prokurist) or an authorized agent (Handlungsbevollmächtig-
ter) to act to the detriment of the Issuer or its shareholders is liable to compensate the Issuer and the affected 
shareholders for the resulting losses. Alongside a person who uses his or her influence to the detriment of the 
Issuer, the members of the Management Board and Supervisory Board can be jointly and severally liable, if they 
acted in violation of their duties. 
Management Board 
Overview 
According to the Articles of Association, the Management Board (Vorstand) of the Issuer is comprised of one or 
more members. The Supervisory Board determines the exact number of members, and may appoint a member 
of the Management Board to act as chairman of the Management Board and one or more members as deputies.  
Pursuant to Section 84 para. 1 sentence 1 AktG the Supervisory Board appoints members of the Management 
Board for a maximum term of five years.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
Reappointment or extension of the term of members of the Management Board, each for a maximum period of 
up to five years, is permissible. The Supervisory Board may revoke the appointment of a member of the Man-
agement Board prior to the expiration of the member's term for good cause, such as a gross breach of fiduciary 
duty, or if the General Meeting passes a vote of no-confidence with respect to such member, unless the no-
confidence vote was clearly unreasonable. The Supervisory Board is also responsible for entering into, amending 
and terminating service agreements with members of the Management Board and, in general, for representing 
the Issuer in and out of court towards the Management Board. The Management Board adopts resolutions by a 
simple majority of the votes cast. In the event of a tie, the chairman of the Management Board shall have the 
casting vote if the Management Board has appointed a chairman.  
If only one member of the Management Board has been appointed, it shall represent the Issuer alone. If several 
members of the Management Board have been appointed, the Issuer shall be legally represented by two mem-
bers of the Management Board or by one member of the Management Board together with an authorized sig-
natory (Prokurist). The Supervisory Board may determine that members of the Management Board are author-
ized to represent the Issuer individually. Currently, none of the members of the Management Board is authorized 
to represent the Issuer individually.  
Members of the Management Board 
Each member of the Management Board is currently appointed by the Supervisory Board for a maximum term 
of five years and is eligible for reappointment thereafter. Their terms of office expire in the years listed below. 
The table below provides names, positions and terms of office of the current members of the Management 
Board at the date of the Base Prospectus: 
Name 
 
Born 
 
Member since 
 
Position 
Year term 
expires 
Claudia Hoyer 
2 May 1972 
 
2012 
 
Chief Operating Officer 
 
2027 
Martin Thiel 
13 June 1972 
 
2014 
 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
2024 
CLAUDIA HOYER – Since 1 July 2012, Claudia Hoyer has been Chief Operating Officer of the Issuer. Her responsi-
bilities encompass the areas of Human Resources, Real Estate Management, Acquisitions and Sales, Strategic 
Property Management/Marketing, Shared Service Centre, Customer Relationship Management, Facility Man-
agement services, Trades services, Central Purchasing, Change Management, Business Apartments, Energy res-
idential services, Multimedia for the properties, Business Development, Environmental, Social and Governance 
(ESG), and Digitalisation. Previously, Claudia Hoyer had been active for over ten years in various real estate-
focused functions, with both Deutschen Kreditbank AG and DKB Immobilien AG. She acquired a degree as busi-
ness graduate (Diplomkauffrau) and a further degree as real estate economist (Immobilienökonom) at the Euro-
pean Business School. 
The following overview lists all of the companies and enterprises in which Claudia Hoyer currently holds seats 
or has held seats on administrative, management or supervisory boards, or comparable German or foreign su-
pervisory bodies, or of which she was partner during the last five years, with the exception of the Issuer and 
companies within the Group: 
Current Seats 
 
None

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
Past Seats 
 
None 
MARTIN THIEL – Since 1 April 2014, Martin Thiel has been the Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer and is respon-
sible for the areas of Group Accounting, Financing and Treasury, Taxes, Controlling, Legal, IT, Compliance, Inter-
nal Audit and Condominium Management, Investor and Public Relations and ERP/Data Management. Following 
the completion of his business graduate (Diplomkaufmann), Martin Thiel acted for more than 15 years as Ger-
man and US certified public auditor and German certified tax consultant. 
The following overview lists all of the companies and enterprises in which Martin Thiel currently holds seats or 
has held seats on administrative, management or supervisory boards, or comparable German or foreign super-
visory bodies, or of which he was partner during the last five years, with the exception of the Issuer and compa-
nies within the Group: 
Current Seats 
 
None 
Past Seats 
 
None 
The business address of all members of our Management Board is Steckelhörn 5, 20457 Hamburg, Germany. 
Remuneration System 
The total compensation of each member of the Management Board consists of the following three components: 
 
The fixed remuneration payable in cash, which is paid monthly as a non-performance-related basic re-
muneration (gross annual fixed salary). The fixed remuneration also includes fringe benefits (Neben-
leistungen), such as the provision of a company car, allowances for individual private health and retire-
ment benefits, accident insurance (Unfallversicherung) and liability insurance premiums, as well as a 
rail card (Bahncard), private use of communications equipment, and reimbursements for business trips. 
 
The variable and performance-related remuneration payable in cash under a short term incentive plan 
(STIP), which is determined on the basis of the development of the agreed financial and non-financial 
key performance indicators and the achievement of individual targets and paid out after approval of 
the annual financial statements for the completed fiscal year. 
 
The long-term remuneration from the long term incentive plan (LTIP) to be paid in shares of the Issuer, 
measured by the Total Shareholders' Return (TSR) over a four-year period.  
STIP 
The STIP is determined on the basis of the performance indicators or targets listed below: 
 
Development of EPRA Net Tangible Assets (NTA) per share during the fiscal year, determined by com-
paring the base value in the previous consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with 
IFRS as of 31 December and its change as of 31 December of the respective fiscal year. For these pur-
poses, the NTA is to be increased by the dividends paid in the past fiscal year. The increase in the NTA 
per share by EUR 0.01 is multiplied by EUR 200.00.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
Development of Funds from Operations (FFO) per share based on the consolidated financial statements 
prepared in accordance with IFRS over the course of a fiscal year, determined by comparing the FFO of 
the previous year determined as of 31 December with that determined as of the end of the fiscal year 
in question. The increase in FFO per share by EUR 0.01 is multiplied by EUR 17,750.00. 
 
Development of the "ESG objectives" in the course of a fiscal year, which are to be redefined annually 
by the Supervisory Board including the remuneration criteria. For the fiscal year 2021, the ESG objec-
tives were defined by using the risk assessment of the external rating agency "Sustainalytics" and eval-
uated according to the categories "negligible," "low," "medium," "high" or "severe. Depending on the 
category, this results in remuneration of between EUR 0.00 and EUR 25,000.00. The Supervisory Board 
is free to define further or other objectives for the area of sustainability in the future and to include 
them in the specific catalogue of criteria for a new fiscal year. 
Before the beginning of each fiscal year, the chairman of the Supervisory Board and each member of the Man-
agement Board agree on individual objectives based on the Issuer's current activities and its business strategy, 
which is designed to achieve sustainable corporate development. After the end of each fiscal year, the Supervi-
sory Board then determines the amount of compensation to be granted to each individual member on the basis 
of the actual achievement of the targets. Depending on the degree of achievement of the objectives, the Super-
visory Board has the option of increasing the compensation resulting from the STIP for the respective member 
of the Supervisory Board by up to 10%, leaving it unchanged, or reducing it by up to 10%. 
LTIP 
The LTIP is determined on the basis of the performance of the TSR, which is calculated over a period of four 
years from the increase in the share price plus dividends paid, also compared with the performance of the peer 
group: 
The absolute performance of the Issuer's shares is measured on the basis of the volume-weighted average price 
(VWAP) of the shares over a period of two months prior to the beginning and at the end of a fiscal year. For 
example, if a performance period begins on 1 January 2019, the relevant opening price is the volume-weighted 
average price in November/December 2018, and if a performance period ends on 31 December 2021, the closing 
price is the volume-weighted average price in November/December 2021. 
The targeted TSR for the 4-year performance periods is set at 40%. 
 
If the actual TSR corresponds to the targeted TSR, the LTIP compensation amounts to EUR 250,000.00 
p.a. per member of the Management Board.  
 
 If the actual TSR is above or below the targeted TSR, the amount is calculated or adjusted accordingly 
on a straight-line basis. For example, an actual TSR of 20% in a 4-year performance period results in 
LTIP compensation of 20/40 x EUR 250,000,00 = EUR 125,000.00. 
 
If the actual TSR is negative, no compensation is paid. 
The relative performance of the shares of the Issuer is determined by comparing this result with the TSR of a 
certain peer group and – if the actual TSR is at least 2% better or 2% worse – is taken into account by means of 
premiums or discounts. If the actual TSR is better than the average performance of the peer group, a premium 
of 25% is applied; if it is worse, a discount of 25% is applied. The peer group currently comprises the following 
companies:  
 
Vonovia SE,

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
Deutsche Wohnen SE,  
 
LEG Immobilien SE,  
 
Grand City Properties S.A. and  
 
Adler Group S.A.  
When comparing the TSR of the shares of the Issuer with the TSR of the peer group, the companies mentioned 
are weighted equally. 
The member of the Management Board may only dispose of the shares promised under the LTIP after four years. 
They are transferred to a blocked deposit account at a bank to be selected by the member of the Management 
Board and remain entitled to vote and dividends during the 4-year vesting period. 
Target compensation, maximum compensation and total compensation 
The current gross annual fixed salary for all members of the Board of Management is EUR 420,000.00 p.a. Fringe 
benefits, such as the provision of a company car, amount to a maximum of EUR 20,000.00 p.a. per member of 
the Management Board. 
Under the STIP, the target compensation per member of the Management Board is EUR 150,000.00 and the 
maximum compensation (cap) is EUR 200,000.00. 
Under the LTIP, the target compensation per member of the Management Board amounts to EUR 250,000.00. 
In the course of the transition from the old rules regarding remuneration to the new rules, a 3-year performance 
period with a cap per member of the Management Board EUR 400,000.00 was defined for the period from 1 Jan-
uary 2019 to 31 December 2021, which will be settled in 2022, and a cap of EUR 500,000.00 for all subsequent 
4-year performance periods to be settled in subsequent years. 
In order to enable the Supervisory Board to grant one or more member of the Management Board a salary 
increase, whether by increasing the gross annual fixed salary, fringe benefits or variable compensation compo-
nents, the maximum annual compensation per member of the Management Board may be increased from cur-
rently EUR 1,140,000 to up to EUR 1,200,000 from 2023 onwards. 
Shareholding obligation 
During the term of office as a member of the Management Board, there is an obligation to hold shares of the 
Issuer with a value of at least one gross annual fixed salary. 
Malus and clawback rule 
If there are during a fiscal year objectively determined, grossly negligent or intentional serious violations of laws 
or internal compliance requirements for which individual members of the Management Board or the Manage-
ment Board as a whole are responsible, these members of the Management Board are obligated to repay or 
transfer back to the Issuer all or part of the variable remuneration components already paid out for the year in 
which the violations occurred, whether as cash compensation under the STIP or as shares allocated under the 
LTIP. or transfer them back to the Issuer (Clawback). 
The Supervisory Board may also withhold these remuneration components in full or in part or reduce them in 
full or in part (Malus). This also applies if errors are identified in the Issuer's consolidated financial statements

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
prepared in accordance with IFRS on which the calculation of the variable remuneration was based or which 
have affected the underlying key figures. In these cases, the fault of the Management Board members is irrele-
vant. 
It is also possible to demand repayment if the office or employment relationship with the member of the Man-
agement Board has already ended when the claim for repayment is asserted.  
Supervisory Board 
Overview 
Pursuant to the Articles of Association and Sections 95 AktG, the Supervisory Board consists of six members. 
Pursuant to Section 96 AktG and the One-Third Participation Act (Drittelbeteiligungsgesetz, Drit-
telbeteiligungsG), four members of the Supervisory Board are elected by the General Meeting and two by the 
employees of the Group being entitled participate in the vote. 
Simultaneously with the election of the members of the Supervisory Board, the General Meeting may appoint 
substitute members (Ersatzmitglieder) to replace a member of the Supervisory Board resigning before the expi-
ration of his or her term without a successor having been appointed and in the sequence determined at the 
election. The term of office of such substitute members are to expire upon the conclusion of the General Meet-
ing at which a successor is appointed and at the latest at the end of the term of office of the leaving member.  
The members of the Supervisory Board, as well as each substitute member, are elected for a period ending with 
the close of the General Meeting that resolves on the formal approval (Entlastung) of the Supervisory Board for 
the fourth fiscal year following the beginning of their term of office unless a shorter term of office is determined 
at the time when the members of the Supervisory Board are elected by the General Meeting. When calculating 
the respective term of office, the fiscal year in which the term of office commences shall be disregarded. 
The members of the Supervisory Board may be removed from office by a resolution of the General Meeting if 
such resolution is approved by at least a simple majority of the votes cast. In addition, each member of the 
Supervisory Board and each substitute member may resign from office without good cause with one month's 
written notice. With good cause, the resignation may take place with immediate effect.  
With the oldest member of the Supervisory Board presiding the Supervisory Board will elect a chairman and at 
least one deputy from among its members to serve for the duration of those members' terms of office following 
the General Meeting at which the members of the Supervisory Board have been elected for a new term. If the 
chairman or its deputy resigns before the end of the term of office, the Supervisory Board shall hold a new 
election for the remaining term of office of the resigning member. 
The Supervisory Board issues its own rules of procedure (Geschäftsordnung des Aufsichtsrats). The current ver-
sion of the Supervisory Board's internal rules of procedure was passed by resolution of the Supervisory Board 
on 8 September 2020.  
The Supervisory Board is required to hold at least two meetings in each calendar half-year.  
The Articles of Association provide that resolutions of the Supervisory Board will generally be passed in physical 
meetings. Resolutions on items on the agenda that have not been notified in good time may only be passed if 
no member objects to the vote. In such a case, absent members of the Supervisory Board shall be given the 
opportunity to give their vote in writing or to object to the resolution within a reasonable period set by the 
chairman. The resolution only becomes effective if no absent member has objected within the set period. At the 
request of the chairman, resolutions of the Supervisory Board may also be passed in writing, by telegraph, telex,

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
telephone or fax, if no member objects to this procedure within a reasonable period determined by the Chair-
man. 
The Supervisory Board shall be quorate if at least three of its members, including the chairman of the Supervisory 
Board or his deputy, participate in the adoption of the resolution. A member also participates in the passing of 
a resolution if he or she abstains from voting. Absent members of the Supervisory Board may participate in 
Supervisory Board votes by submitting written votes through other members of the Supervisory Board. 
Unless otherwise provided by mandatory law, resolutions of the Supervisory Board are passed by a simple ma-
jority of the votes cast. An abstention will not be considered as a vote cast. In the event of a tie, the chairman 
shall have the casting vote. This also applies to elections. If the chairman does not take part in the vote, the 
deputy shall have the casting vote. 
Section 100 para. 5 AktG requires the Issuer to have at least one member of the Supervisory Board with expertise 
in the field of accounting and one additional member with expertise in the field of auditing. Lothar Lanz and Rolf 
Elgeti are considered by the Issuer to possess the respective expertise. 
Members of the Supervisory Board 
The current members of the Supervisory Board, their date of birth, the time since they became a member, the 
duration of their appointment, their position in the supervisory board are set forth in the following table:  
Name 
 
Born 
 
Member 
since 
 
Appointed 
until 
 
Position 
Rolf Elgeti  
 
4 November 
1976 
 
2014 
 
2023 
 
Chairman 
Lothar Lanz 
 
1 October 1948 
 
2013 
 
2023 
 
Deputy  
Dr. rer. Pol. Kristin 
Wellner 
 
16 December 
1972 
 
2018 
 
2023 
 
Member 
Dr Philipp K. Wag-
ner 
 
4 October 1975 
 
2013 
 
2023 
 
Member 
Harald Kintzel 
 
27 October 1957 
 
2015 
 
2025 
 
Member 
Fatma Demirbaga-
Zobel 
 
12 May 1978 
 
2021 
 
2025 
 
Member 
 
ROLF ELGETI – Since 28 November 2014, Rolf Elgeti serves as the chairman of the Supervisory Board. Addition-
ally, he heads the personnel committee of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer (Personnel Committee). Rolf Elgeti 
had been already a member of the Supervisory Board in 2008. He was appointed as CEO of the Management 
Board on 1 July 2009 and held this position until 31 October 2014.  
Between 1998 and 1999, Rolf Elgeti studied business administration (Betriebswirtschaftslehre) at the University 
of Mannheim and graduated with a business degree (Diplomkaufmann). Subsequently, he studied at the ESSEC 
Business School (École Supérieure des Sciences Economiques et Commerciales) in Paris from 1998 to 1999 and 
completed these studies with the Diplomé de l'ESSEC. He started his vocational career as equity strategist at UBS 
Warburg, London (1999-2000) and at Commerzbank (2000-2004). Between 2004 and 2007, he was chief equity 
strategist at ABN AMRO in London. Since 2007, Rolf Elgeti has been an independent real estate fund manager

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
and has founded several real estate investment companies. In this course from 2014 onwards, he founded Obot-
ritia Capital KGaA (Obotritia Capital) and became chairman of the management board of Deutsche Konsum REIT 
AG. 
The following overview lists all of the companies and enterprises in which Rolf Elgeti currently holds seats or has 
held seats on administrative, management or supervisory boards, or comparable German or foreign supervisory 
bodies, or of which he was partner during the last five years, with the exception of the Issuer and companies 
within the Group: 
Current Seats: 
 
Personally liable partner of Obotritia Capital 
 
Rolf Elgeti is also managing director or board member of the following direct and indirect subsidiaries 
of Obotritia Capital: 
 Amber Hotel Plaza Betriebsgesellschaft 
mbH 
 Nerthus Grundbesitz GmbH 
 Babelsberger Beteiligungs GmbH 
 Nerthus Grundbesitz Sachsen GmbH 
 Callirius GP S.à.r.l. 
 Nerthus Grundbesitz West GmbH 
 Callirius HoldCo S.a.r.l. 
 Obotritia Alpha Invest GmbH 
 Callirius PropCo 1 S.a.r.l. 
 Obotritia Beta Invest GmbH  
 Callirius PropCo 2 S.a.r.l. 
 Obotritia Delta Invest GmbH 
 Callirius PropCo 3 S.a.r.l. 
 Obotritia Gamma Invest GmbH 
 Callirius PropCo 4 S.a.r.l. 
 Obotritia Hotel Alken Betriebs GmbH 
 Diana Contracting GmbH 
 Obotritia Hotel Bautzen Betriebs GmbH 
 Diana Immobilienkontor GmbH 
 Obotritia Hotel Betriebs GmbH 
 Försterweg Beteiligungs GmbH 
 Obotritia Hotel GmbH 
 Hevella Beteiligungen GmbH 
 Ortolan Capital GmbH 
 Hotel Bellevue GmbH Hilden 
 Platin 1374. GmbH 
 Nerthus Grundbesitz Elbe GmbH 
 
Furthermore, Rolf Elgeti is a personally liable partner of EAA Grundbesitz Hamburg KG and EAA 
Grundbesitz Perleberg KG, which also belong to the group of companies controlled by Obotritia 
Capital. 
 
Chairman of the management board of Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG  
 
Managing Director (Geschäftsführer) of Midgard Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH 
 
Personally liable partner of the following property companies (Objektgesellschaften) 
 5. Elgeti Ostdeutschland Invest KG 
 Elgeti Grundbesitz Warnemünde KG 
 6. Elgeti Ostdeutschland Invest KG 
 Elgeti Maenz Grundbesitz KG 
 EFa Vermögensverwaltung KG 
 Kiel Erste Grundbesitz KG 
 Elgeti Grundbesitz Caprice KG 
 Kiel Zweite Grundbesitz KG 
 Elgeti Grundbesitz Spandau KG 
 Elgeti Grundbesitz Brunnenhof KG

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
Current supervisory board mandates 
Currently, Rolf Elgeti is member of the supervisory boards and advisory boards of the following compa-
nies: 
 
Deutsche Leibrenten Grundbesitz AG 
(Chairman) 
 creditshelf Aktiengesellschaft (Chairman) 
 Laurus Property Partners GmbH (member 
of the advisory board) 
 NEXR Technologies SE (Chairman) 
 Obotritia Hotel SE (Chairman of the ad-
ministrative board) 
 Highlight Event and Entertainment AG 
(member of the administrative board) 
 
Member of the examination board of Bankhaus Obotritia GmbH 
 
Chairman of the administrative board and CEO of OboTech Acquisition SE Luxembourg 
Past Seats: 
 
Member of the supervisory board of Fair Value REIT-AG, München 
 
Member of the board of directors of Sirius Real Estate Limited 
 
Chairman of the board of directors of Treveria plc 
 
Chairman of the supervisory board of FranconoWest AG 
 
Chairman of the management bord of Deutsche Industrie Grundbesitz AG (formerly Deutsche Indust-
rie REIT-AG) 
 
Managing director of a subsidiary of Midgard, Ventana Grundbesitz GmbH 
 
Managing director of Stavro Grundbesitz GmbH. 
 
Personally liable partner of Elgeti Grundbesitz Alpha KG 
 
Personally liable partner of Elgeti Grundbesitz Hellersdorf KG 
 
Personally liable partner of Elgeti Grundbesitz Nordost KG 
 
Personally liable partner of Elgeti Grundbesitz Tierpark KG 
 
Personally liable partner of Rolf Elgeti & Co Invest KG 
LOTHAR LANZ – Since June 2013, Lothar Lanz has been a member of the Supervisory Board. He serves as deputy 
chairman of the Supervisory Board and also acts as chairman of the Supervisory Board's audit committee (Audit 
Committee). In 1974, he acquired a business degree (Diplomkaufmann) after studying business administration 
(Betriebswirtschaftslehre) in Stuttgart and Berlin from 1969 onwards. Subsequently, he started his vocational 
career as an audit assistant to an auditor and tax consultant in Berlin where he was employed between 1974 
and 1977. From 1977 onwards, he worked at Bayerische Hypotheken- und Wechselbank and headed various of 
its branch offices (Filialen) from 1983 onwards till 1990. From 1991 till 1996, he served as a member of the 
management board of HSB Hypo Service Bank. In 1996, he acted as a member of the management board of 
Nassauische Sparkasse. Then, Lothar Lanz became the Chief Financial Officer of ProSieben Media AG (later

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media AG) for the period between 1996 and 2008. From 2009 until April 2014, he worked as a 
member of the management board of Axel Springer AG and became appointed to the supervisory board of Axel 
Springer SE (previously: Axel Springer AG) for the period between April 2014 until April 2019. From February 
2014 until May 2019, he had been a member of the supervisory board of Zalando SE.  
The following overview lists all of the companies and enterprises in which Lothar Lanz currently holds seats or 
has held seats on administrative, management or supervisory boards, or comparable German or foreign super-
visory bodies, or of which he was partners during the last five years, with the exception of the Issuer and com-
panies within the Group: 
Current Seats 
 
Chairman of the supervisory board of Home24 SE 
 
Member of the supervisory board of Bauwert AG 
 
Member of the supervisory board of Dermapharm Holding SE 
Past Seats 
 
Member of the supervisory board of Axel Springer SE 
 
Member of the supervisory board of Zalando SE 
PROFESSOR DR. KRISTIN WELLNER – Since May 2018, Kristin Wellner has been a member of the Supervisory 
Board. She covers the real-estate aspects activities of the Supervisory Board in particular. She is also a member 
of the Audit Committee.  
In 1991, Kristin Wellner started her academic career with studies in art and history at the University of Leipzig. 
From 1992 till 1998 she studied business administration (Betriebswirtschaftslehre) and economics (Volks-
wirtschaftslehre) at the University of Leipzig. From 1998 till 2002 she worked there as a research assistant at a 
professorial chair for Real Estate Management. In addition, she also conducted postgraduate studies at the 
Academy of Real Estate Management (ADI) GmbH at the Stuttgart University of Cooperative Education, State 
Academy (Staatliche Studienakademie) of Studies in Leipzig between 2001 and 2002. In 2002, she completed 
her PhD on the thesis of "Development of a Real Estate Portfolio Management System" (Entwicklung eines Im-
mobilien-Portfolio-Management- Systems) at the University of Leipzig. Since 2002, she has been a lecturer at 
various colleges and universities in Germany and abroad. In the years between 2003 till 2006, she was respon-
sible for Real Estate Portfolio Management at Credit Suisse AM in Frankfurt am Main. From 2006 to 2010, she 
was a professor of real estate and facility management (Immobilien- und Gebäudemanagement) at Mittweida 
University of Applied Science. Afterwards, she held a junior professorship in real estate economics (Immobilienö-
konomie) at Bauhaus University Weimar between 2010 and 2012. In 2012, she became appointed Professor for 
Planning and Construction Economics/Real Estate Economics (Planungs- und Bauökonomie/Immobilien-
wirtschaft) at the Technical University of Berlin.  
The following overview lists all of the companies and enterprises in which Kristin Wellner currently holds seats 
or has held seats on administrative, management or supervisory boards, or comparable German or foreign su-
pervisory bodies, or of which she was partner during the last five years, with the exception of the Issuer and 
companies within the Group: 
Current Seats

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
None 
Past Seats 
 
None 
DR. PHILIPP K. WAGNER, Since June 2013, Philipp K. Wagner has been a member of the Supervisory Board. 
Philipp K. Wagner has acquired profound knowledge of German real estate and corporate law, extensive expe-
rience in transactional business and advising on capital market law.  
He had studied law at the University of Regensburg and at the Humboldt University in Berlin between 1996 and 
2002 and completed his studies with the first state examination in law. His legal clerkship (Referendariat) was 
spent in Berlin and Paris between 2002 till 2004 and ended with the completion of the second state examination 
in law. He received his PhD from the University of Rostock in 2008 on a topic in the field of international arbitra-
tion.  
He began his vocational career as a lawyer in 2004 at the law firm WEITNAUER Partnerschaft mbB, which he left 
in 2013. Since then, he practices law as partner of Wagner Arbitration Partnerschaft von Rechtsanwälten mbB, 
a law firm specialized in arbitration matters. In addition, he has been a lecturer for international sales law and 
arbitration law as well as real estate law (Internationales Kaufrecht und Schiedsverfahrensrecht sowie Immo-
bilienrecht) since 2009 and since 2015 for international arbitration (Internationale Schiedsgerichtsbarkeit) at the 
Humboldt University in Berlin.  
The following overview lists all of the companies and enterprises in which Philipp K. Wagner currently holds 
seats or has held seats on administrative, management or supervisory boards, or comparable German or foreign 
supervisory bodies, or of which he was partners during the last five years, with the exception of the Issuer and 
companies within the Group: 
Current Seats 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Hevella Capital GmbH & Co. KGaA 
Past Seats 
 
None 
HARALD KINTZEL Since April 2015 Harald Kintzel serves as member as Supervisory Board and acts as an Employee 
Representative (Arbeitnehmervertreter) due to the applicable German co-determination laws. He works at the 
Issuer's legal department in Berlin as in-house lawyer since 2012.  
Harald Kintzel studied law at the University of Freiburg in 1982 and completed his studies with the first state 
examination in law in 1989. Afterwards, he completed his legal clerkship (Referendariat) starting in 1989 with 
the second state examination in law in 1992. Harald Kintzel began his vocational career in 1992 as head of the 
central tasks department (Stabsstelle „Zentrale Aufgaben“) at Wohnbau Nordwest GmbH. He held this position 
until 1996. During this period, Harald Kintzel studied real estate economics at the European Business School from 
1994 till 1995. Between 1996 and 2012, Harald Kintzel worked for the DKB Group being acquired by the Issuer 
in 2012. He had started there as legal counsel/project manager during the period from 1996 to 2001 at DKB 
Immobilien GmbH. Subsequently, from 2001 till 2003, he acted as head of the legal and human resources de-
partment of the DKB Wohnen GmbH. Between 2004 till 2012, he headed the legal department at the former 
holding of the DKB Group, DKB Immobilien AG.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
The following overview lists all of the companies and enterprises in which Harald Kintzel currently holds seats or 
has held seats on administrative, management or supervisory boards, or comparable German or foreign super-
visory bodies, or of which he was partners during the last five years, with the exception of the Issuer and com-
panies within the Group: 
Current Seats 
 
None 
Past Seats 
 
None 
FATMA DEMIRBAGA-ZOBEL, Since 21 December 2021 Fatma Demirbaga-Zobel serves as member as Supervisory 
Board and acts as an Employee Representative (Arbeitnehmervertreter) due to the applicable German co-deter-
mination laws. She entered the Supervisory Board as a substitute representative (Ersatzmitglied) of the employ-
ees for Katja Gehrmann who resigned from office with immediate effect on 21 December 2021. 
Fatma Demirbaga-Zobel had originally been trained as a retail saleswoman between 1999 and 2002. Between 
2002 and 2004 she worked as a retail sales representative for Douglas AG in Hamburg. Afterwards, Fatma 
Demirbaga-Zobel held the position of Counter Manager for the Nobilis Group between 2004 to 2007. In the 
period between 2007 till 2010, she was Senior Sales Promoter for Bvlgari Germany, Hamburg. Then, Fatma 
Demirbaga-Zobel retrained as a real estate agent in the period between 2011 and 2013. Thereafter, she worked 
as a receivables manager for Gagfah Group till 2016. She joined the Issuer in 2016 and works for the Issuer 2021 
within its real estate management department.  
The following overview lists all of the companies and enterprises in which Fatma Demirbaga-Zobel currently 
holds seats or has held seats on administrative, management or supervisory boards, or comparable German or 
foreign supervisory bodies, or of which she was partner during the last five years, with the exception of the 
Issuer and companies within the Group: 
Current Seats 
 
None 
Past Seats 
 
None 
The business address of all members of our Supervisory Board is Steckelhörn 5, 20457 Hamburg, Germany (tel-
ephone +49 40 380320). 
Supervisory Board Committees 
Under the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Board can form committees in accordance with the law. The 
composition, powers and procedures of the committees will be established by the Supervisory Board. Where 
permitted under law, decision-making powers of the Supervisory Board may be conferred upon such commit-
tees. As provided for by the Supervisory Board's rules of procedure, the Supervisory Board has formed the fol-
lowing committees:

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee shall deal in particular with the audit of the financial statements, the monitoring of the 
financial reporting process, the effectiveness of the internal control system, the risk management system and 
the internal auditing system, as well as the audit of the financial statements and compliance.  
In addition, the Audit Committee conducts the selection process for the auditor according to Regulation (EU) 
No. 537/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 and submits recommendations to 
the Supervisory Board for the Supervisory Board's proposal to the annual General Meeting on the appointment 
of the auditor. It takes appropriate measures to establish and monitor the independence of the auditor and 
regularly assesses the quality of the audit. The chairman of the Audit Committee shall have special knowledge 
and experience in the application of accounting principles and internal control procedures and shall be familiar 
with and independent of the audit of the financial statements. The chairman of the Supervisory Board shall not 
chair the Audit Committee. 
The Audit Committee has three members. These are Lothar Lanz serving as its chairman, Rolf Elgeti and Kristin 
Wellner. Section 107 para. 4 AktG requires the Issuer to have at least one member of the audit committee with 
expertise in the fields of accounting and one additional member with expertise in the field of auditing within the 
meaning of Section 100 para. 5 AktG. Lothar Lanz and Rolf Elgeti are considered to possess the respective ex-
pertise. 
Personnel Committee 
The Personnel Committee shall draw up proposals on the compensation system for the Management Board and 
amend, terminate or extend the employment contracts with the members of the Management Board and de-
termine the total compensation of the individual members of the Management Board. In addition, the Personnel 
Committee shall nominate suitable candidates to the Supervisory Board for its proposals to the General Meeting 
for the election of members of the Supervisory Board. The Personnel Committee shall be exclusively composed 
of shareholder representatives. 
The Personnel Committee has three members. These are Rolf Elgeti serving as its chairman, Lothar Lanz and 
Philipp K. Wagner.  
Remuneration System 
Each member of the Supervisory Board shall receive a fixed remuneration of EUR 20,000.00 for each fiscal year. 
The chairman of the Supervisory Board shall receive a fixed remuneration of EUR 175,000.00 for each fiscal year. 
The deputy chairman shall receive EUR 30,000.00. 
Members of the Supervisory Board who are members of a committee shall receive an additional fixed remuner-
ation of EUR 5,000.00 for their committee activities for each fiscal year. The chairman of a committee shall 
receive EUR 7,500.00. The chairman of the Audit Committee receives fixed remuneration of EUR 75,000.00 for 
each fiscal year. Members of the Personnel Committee and the chairman of the Supervisory Board do not receive 
any further fixed remuneration for their committee activities, but each receives an attendance fee of EUR 500.00 
for attending a meeting of the respective committee. 
The Issuer takes out appropriate directors' and officers' liability insurance (D&O insurance) for the members of 
the Supervisory Board and shall pay the premiums therefor. 
Insofar as the requirements for the granting of a remuneration are only met on a pro rata temporis basis, the 
respective remuneration shall be granted on a pro rata temporis basis.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
The members of the Supervisory Board shall be reimbursed for expenses incurred in connection with their work 
on the Supervisory Board and for the value-added tax payable on their remuneration. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no actual conflicts of interest and, except as described above, no potential conflicts of interest be-
tween the members of the Management Board and Supervisory Board as regards the Issuer on the one hand 
and their private interests, membership in governing bodies of companies, or other obligations on the other 
hand. 
Corporate Governance 
The Code contains recommendations and suggestions for managing and monitoring listed companies in Ger-
many. It is based on internationally and nationally recognized standards for good and responsible corporate 
governance. The purpose of the Code is to make the German corporate governance system transparent for in-
vestors. The Code was passed by the Government Commission of the German Code (Commission) on 26 Febru-
ary 2002 and was amended on 7 February 2017. The Commission adopted a new version of the Code on 16 De-
cember 2019 which came into force with the subsequent publication in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) 
on 20 March 2020. 
There is no legal obligation to comply with the recommendations or suggestions of the Code. However, the 
German Stock Corporation Act requires that the management board and the supervisory board of a German 
listed company either declare on an annual basis that the recommendations of the Code were and will be ad-
hered to or state which recommendations were or will not be followed. This declaration must be available to 
shareholders on a constant basis. No disclosure is required when companies deviate from the suggestions in the 
Code. 
The Supervisory Board and the Management Board have adopted the following declaration of conformity 
(Entsprechenserklärung) in December 2021, and have made it available to shareholders. This declaration, as well 
as past declarations, is available on the Issuer's website (www.tag-ag.com/en/investor-relations/creditor-rela-
tions) under the heading "Investor Relations – Corporate Governance": 
"The Management Board and the Supervisory Board of TAG Immobilien AG ("Company") declare in accord-
ance with Section 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act that the Company has complied with the recom-
mendations of the Government Commission for the German Corporate Governance Code in the following 
manner since the last declaration of conformity issued in December 2020 and currently continues to do so. 
This declaration of conformity refers to the version of the German Corporate Governance Code ("Code") in 
force on the date on which it is issued dated 16 December 2019 and published on 20 March 2020: 
The Company will comply in the future with the recommendations of the Code subject to the exceptions 
listed below: 
Under recommendation C.5, a member of the Supervisory Board who is also a member of the Management 
Board of a listed company may not hold more than two Supervisory Board mandates and may not accept the 
chairmanship of Supervisory Boards of non-group listed companies. The chairman of the Company's Super-
visory Board, Mr Rolf Elgeti, is chairman of the Management Board of Deutsche Industrie REIT AG and of 
Deutsche Konsum REIT AG. He is a member of four Supervisory Boards or comparable domestic or foreign 
boards of non-group listed companies. These activities by Mr Elgeti do not adversely affect the performance 
of his duties as chairman of the Company's Supervisory Board and have not done so at any point in the past. 
Nor is this expected to be the case in the future. Competence, expertise and many years of experience,

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
including on other Supervisory Boards, are essential qualities for TAG Immobilien AG. Mr Elgeti possesses 
these qualities. The Company benefits from the fact that he is chairman of the Supervisory Board." 
In February 2022, the Supervisory Board and the Management Board updated the declaration of conformity as 
follows: 
"Under Recommendation F.2, the mandatory interim financial information should be made publicly available 
within 45 days from the end of the reporting period. 
The Company assumes that the interim reports for the first and third quarters of 2022 as well as the interim 
report for the first half of 2022 cannot be published within the recommended period due to the greater 
amount of time expected to be required for necessary consolidation accounting as a result of the integration 
of ROBYG S.A.. It is intended to adopt recommendation F.2 of the Code again as of the first quarter of 2023. 
The declaration of conformity from December 2021 remains otherwise unchanged." 
GENERAL MEETING 
Pursuant to section 16 para. 1 of the Articles of Association, the General Meeting shall be held at the registered 
seat of the Issuer or of a German stock exchange, where the Issuer's shares are traded. Each of the Issuer's no-
par shares confer one vote in the General Meeting, unless the voting rights are excluded by law or the Articles 
of Association. Except where other persons are authorized to do so by mandatory law, the General Meeting will 
be convened by the Management Board. Unless a shorter period of time is permitted by law, notice must be 
issued in the German Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) at least 30 days prior to the date of the General Meeting, 
the date of the convocation not being included when calculating this period. This period will be extended by the 
number of days of any registration period pursuant to section 17 para. 1 of the Articles of Association. 
A General Meeting may be convened by the Management Board or the Supervisory Board, or may be requested 
by shareholders whose shares collectively make up 5% of the share capital. Shareholders or shareholder associ-
ations may solicit other shareholders to make such a request, jointly or by proxy, in the shareholders' forum of 
the German Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger), which is also accessible via the website of the German Issuer 
Register (Unternehmensregister). If, following a request made by shareholders whose Issuer's shares collectively 
make up 5% of the share capital, a General Meeting is not held in due time, the competent local court 
(Amtsgericht) may authorize the shareholders who have requested it or their representatives to convene the 
General Meeting. The Supervisory Board must convene a General Meeting if it is in the interest of the Issuer. 
The annual General Meeting takes place within eight months of the end of the fiscal year. Based on Covid-19 
emergency legislation effective as of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Management Board may decide that 
the annual meeting will be held within the fiscal year. 
Pursuant to the Articles of Association, all shareholders who have duly submitted notification of attendance and 
are registered in the share register are entitled to participate in the General Meeting and to exercise their voting 
rights. The registration for participation must be received by the Issuer at least six days prior to the General 
Meeting, unless a shorter period of time is set forth in the convening notice of the General Meeting. When 
calculating this period, the day of the receipt by the Issuer and the day of the General Meeting will not be in-
cluded. The convening notice may stipulate a shorter period measured in days. The registration will be in text 
form and in the German or English language. 
Voting rights may be exercised by proxy. The granting of a proxy, its revocation and the evidence of authority to 
be provided to the Issuer must be in the form required by law unless the convening notice provides for a less 
strict form.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
The General Meeting is chaired by the chairman of the Supervisory Board or its deputy. If no member of the 
Supervisory Board assumes the chairmanship of the General Meeting, the chairman of the meeting shall be 
elected by the General Meeting under the direction of the oldest shareholder present. 
The chairman of the General Meeting will chair the discussions and manage the proceedings of the General 
Meeting, determine the sequence of speakers and the treatment and sequence of the issues on the agenda and 
the method and sequence of the voting. The chairman is entitled to appropriately limit the time allowed for 
shareholders' questions and statements.  
Pursuant to section 20 of the Articles of Association, resolutions of the General Meeting are adopted by the 
simple majority of the votes cast (Stimmmehrheit), and, if required by law in addition thereto, by a simple ma-
jority of the share capital (Kapitalmehrheit) represented when the resolution is adopted, unless a higher majority 
is required pursuant to mandatory law or the Articles of Association. According to the current version of the 
AktG, many resolutions of fundamental importance (grundlegende Bedeutung) require both a majority of votes 
cast and a majority of at least 75% of the registered share capital represented when the resolution is adopted. 
Such resolutions of fundamental importance include, among others: 
 
the approval of contracts within the meaning of Section 179a of the AktG (transfer of the entire assets of 
the company) and management actions of special significance that require the approval of the General 
Meeting in compliance with legal precedents; 
 
amendments to the object of the company; 
 
capital increases without subscription rights; 
 
creation of conditional or authorized capital; 
 
ordinary or simplified capital reductions; 
 
liquidation of the Issuer; 
 
continuation of the liquidated company after the resolution on liquidation or expiry of the time period; 
 
approval to conclude or amend affiliation agreements (Unternehmensverträge); and 
 
measures within the meaning of the German Transformation Act (Umwandlungsgesetz). 
Once the respective shares have been acquired in compliance with the applicable legal provisions, and subject 
to ongoing compliance with such applicable legal provisions, including, for example, merger control and foreign 
investment regulations, neither German law nor the Articles of Association limits the right of foreign sharehold-
ers or shareholders not domiciled in Germany to hold shares or exercise the voting rights associated therewith. 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2021, which 
were prepared in accordance with IFRS and the additional requirements of Section 315e(1) of the German Com-
mercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch), with the auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk) thereon of KPMG, and the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2020, which 
were prepared in accordance with IFRS and the additional requirements of Section 315e(1) of the German Com-
mercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch), with the auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk) thereon of KPMG, are incor-
porated by reference into the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
Presentation of Financial Information for the Issuer 
The Issuer's consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in, or incorporated by 
reference into, the Base Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and the additional require-
ments of Section 315e(1) of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch). The Issuer uses IFRS to comply 
with the reporting requirements of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) and other German laws. 
Certain numerical data, financial information and market data in the Base Prospectus are subject to rounding 
adjustments that were carried out according to customary commercial standards. As a result, the aggregate 
amounts herein may not correspond in all cases to the data contained in the underlying sources. A dash ("-") 
indicates that no data was reported for a specific line item in the relevant fiscal year or period, while a zero ("0") 
is used when the pertinent figure, after rounding, amounts to nil. 
Where financial information in the following tables is presented as "audited", it indicates that the financial in-
formation has been taken from the Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements. The label "unaudited" is 
used in the following tables to indicate financial information that (i) has not been taken, but derived, from the 
Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements, (ii) has been taken or derived from the Issuer's accounting 
records or (iii) has been taken or derived from the Issuer's internal reporting systems. 
Selected Financial Information for the Issuer 
The selected consolidated financial information below (including ratios) has been taken or derived from the Issuer's 
consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS. The below tables summarize the consolidated 
financial information as of and for each of the fiscal years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020. KPMG audited the 
consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2021 and the consolidated 
financial statements as of and the fiscal year ended 31 December 2020 and in each case issued an unqualified 
auditor's report (uneingeschränkter Bestätigungsvermerk) thereon. 
You should read this information together with the Issuer's consolidated financial statements incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus. Furthermore, you should regard the selected financial and business data 
below only as an introduction and should base your investment decision on a review of the entire Base Prospec-
tus. 
Selected Consolidated Income Statement Data 
 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR thousand, except per share amounts 
 
 
2021 
(audited) 
 
2020 
(audited) 
Rental Income 
 
 
436,896 
 
426,390 
Impairment losses 
 
 
(3,893) 
 
(3,982) 
Rental expense 
 
 
(161,752) 
 
(158,314) 
Net Rental income 
 
 
271,251 
 
264,093 
Revenues from sale of real estate 
 
 
117,701 
 
198,642 
Expenses on the sale of real estate 
 
 
(105,179) 
 
(152,175) 
Sales Result 
 
 
12,522 
 
46,467 
Revenue from Services 
 
 
57,469 
 
56,151 
Impairment losses 
 
 
(416) 
 
(595) 
Expenses from services 
 
 
(30,734) 
 
(29,442)

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Service result 
 
 
26,320 
 
26,115 
Other operating income 
 
 
7,615 
 
6,174 
Fair value changes in investment properties and valua-
tion of properties held as inventory 
 
 
540,059 
 
328,399 
Personnel expense 
 
 
(63,026) 
 
(58,604) 
Depreciation / amortisation 
 
 
(8,840) 
 
(7,218) 
Other operating expense 
 
 
(24,538) 
 
(22,180) 
EBIT 
 
 
761,363 
 
583,246 
Other financial result 
 
 
3,091 
 
(684) 
Interest income 
 
 
4,338 
 
803 
Interest expense 
 
 
(50,728) 
 
(107,159) 
EBT 
 
 
718,064 
 
476,206 
Income taxes 
 
 
(132,466) 
 
(73,585) 
Consolidated net income 
 
 
585,597 
 
402,621 
Earnings per share (in EUR) 
 
 
 
 
 
 Basic earnings per share (undiluted) 
 
 
3.90 
 
2.69 
 Diluted earnings per share 
 
 
3.56 
 
2.47 
 
Selected Consolidated Balance Sheet Data 
 
 
As of 31 December, 
In EUR thousand 
 
2021 
(audited) 
2020 
(audited) 
Non-current assets 
 
6,659,786 
5,949,235 
Current assets 
 
356,841 
474,851 
Non current assets held for sale 
 
72,004 
53,898 
Total assets 
 
7,088,632 
6,477,985 
Equity 
 
3,129,544 
2,681,528 
Non-current liabilities 
 
3,657,027 
3,428,690 
Current liabilities 
 
300,986 
366,969 
Liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale 
 
1,075 
798 
 
 
 
 
Selected Consolidated Cash Flow Statement Data 
 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR thousand  
 
 
2021 
(audited) 
 
2020 
(audited) 
Cash flow from operating activities 
 
 
164,027 
 
253,993 
Cash flow from investing activities 
 
 
(272,223) 
 
(215,668) 
Cash flow from financing activities 
 
 
(119,299) 
 
196,774 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 
 
 
94,100 
 
320,019

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
Selected Non-GAAP Measures 
The following alternative performance measures and other financial information set out in the tables below 
include financial measures that are not defined by IFRS or any other GAAP (Non-GAAP Measures). The Issuer 
believes this information, along with comparable IFRS measurements, is useful to investors as it provides a basis 
for assessing TAG's performance, payment obligations related to performance-based compensation as well as 
its compliance with covenants. 
However, the performance measures are not recognized as line items under IFRS and should not be considered 
as substitutes for figures on net assets, result before taxes, net earnings, cash flow from operating activities or 
other income statement, cash flow or balance sheet data, as determined in accordance with IFRS, or as indicators 
of profitability or liquidity. The performance measures do not necessarily indicate whether cash flow will be 
sufficient or available for TAG's cash requirements, nor whether any such measure is indicative of TAG's histor-
ical operating results. The performance measures are not meant to be indicative of future results. Because not 
all companies calculate these performance measures in the same way, the Issuer's presentation of the perfor-
mance measures is not necessarily comparable with similarly-titled measures used by other companies. 
The following table presents a summary for certain performance indicators for the periods presented: 
 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR millions, except where otherwise  
specified 
 
 
2021 
(unaudited) 
 
2020 
(unaudited) 
Net actual rent(1) 
333.1 
 
322.5 
EBITDA (adjusted)(2) 
226.1 
 
222.3 
FFO I(3) 
182.0 
 
172.6 
FFO I per share (in EUR=(4) 
1.24 
 
1.18 
FFO II(5) 
188.8 
 
221.9 
FFO II per share (in EUR)(6) 
1.29 
 
1.51 
AFFO(7) 
113.9 
 
100.9 
AFFO per share (in EUR)(8) 
0.78 
 
0.69 
Result Operations Poland(9) 
6.7 
 
9.1 
EPRA NTA per share (in EUR)(10) 
25.54 
 
21.95 
Loan to Value (LTV) (in %)(11) 
 
 
43.2 
 
45.1 
Interest Cover Ratio (ICR)(12) 
 
 
5.6 
 
5.2 
Net Financial Debt/EBITDA (adjusted)(13) 
 
 
12.7 
 
11.6 
(1) 
Audited. TAG defines net actual rent as rental income (as shown in the consolidated income statement) less service charges, taxes and 
insurance fees passed over to the tenants included in rental income. Rental income breaks down as follows: 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR thousand 
 
2021 
(audited) 
 
2020 
(audited) 
Rental income 
436,896 
 
426,390 
Costs re-charged to tenants according to IFRS 15 
88,098 
 
90,388 
Pro rata remuneration of property tax and building insurance 
3,977
 
3,628

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
External operational- and ancillary-costs re-charged to tenants  
84,121
 
86,760 
Rental income according to IFRS 16 
348,798
 
336,002 
Pro rata remuneration of property tax and building insurance 
15,746
 
13,487 
Net actual rent  
333,053 
 
322,515 
(2) 
TAG defines EBITDA (adjusted) as EBIT referring to the German business, adjusted for (i) valuation result, (ii) depreciation / amortisa-
tion, (iii) one-offs and (iv) net income from sales. The following table shows the reconciliation of TAG's EBIT referring to the German 
business, which TAG believes to be the most directly comparable IFRS financial measure, to EBITDA (adjusted): 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2021 
(unaudited, un-
less stated oth-
erwise) 
 
2020 
(unaudited, un-
less stated oth-
erwise) 
EBIT(a) 
761.4 
 
583.2 
EBIT (Polish business) 
24.7 
 
4.4 
EBIT (German business) 
736.7 
 
578.8 
Adjustments 
 
 
 
Valuation result  
(525.0) 
 
(327.0) 
Depreciation / amortisation 
8.7 
 
7.0 
One-offs 
5.8 
 
3.6 
Net income from sales 
(0.1) 
 
(40.2) 
EBITDA (adjusted) 
226.1 
 
222.3 
(a) 
Audited. 
(3) 
Funds from operations I (FFO I) is an indicator of available cash flow from operating activities in Germany. FFO I is calculated based on 
the Group's EBITDA (adjusted), adjusted for net financial result (cash, after one offs), and then deducting current cash tax income and 
cash dividend payments to minorities. The net financial result is calculated based on interest income less interest expenses plus/less 
other financial income (e.g. dividends received from investments). 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2021 
(unaudited) 
 
2020 
(unaudited) 
EBITDA (adjusted) 
226.1 
 
222.3 
Net financial result (cash, after one-offs) 
(42.1) 
 
(45.1) 
Income taxes (cash) 
(0.7) 
 
(3.3) 
Cash dividend payments to minorities 
(1.3) 
 
(1.3) 
FFO I 
182.0 
 
172.6 
(4) 
FFO I per share is calculated by dividing FFO I by the weighted number of outstanding shares for the period. 
(5) 
FFO II is based on FFO I and additionally takes into account net income from sales in Germany and the Result Operations in Poland. 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2021 
(unaudited) 
 
2020 
(unaudited) 
FFO I 
182.0 
 
172.6 
Net income from sales Germany 
0.1 
 
40.2 
Result Operations Poland 
6.7 
 
9.1 
FFO II (FFO I + net revenues from sales and results operations Poland) 
188.8 
 
221.9

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
(6) 
FFO II per share is calculated by dividing FFO II by the weightedd number of outstanding shares for the period. 
(7) 
Adjusted funds from operations (AFFO) is based on FFO I, but minus the capitalised investments in the portfolio holdings ("Capex"). 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2021 
(unaudited) 
 
2020 
(unaudited) 
FFO I 
182.0 
 
172.6 
Capitalised maintenance 
(16.5) 
 
(17.2) 
AFFO before modernisation capex 
165.5 
 
155.4 
Modernisation capex 
(51.6) 
 
(54.5) 
AFFO 
113.9 
 
100.9 
(8) 
AFFO per share is calculated by dividing AFFO by the weighted number of outstanding shares. 
(9) 
Results Operations Poland is based on the net income referring to the Polish business, adjusted for (i) one offs, (ii) valuation result, (iii) 
deferred taxes, (iv) the result from the purchase price allocation for business combinations according to IFRS 3 and (v) minority interest. 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2021 
(unaudited) 
 
2020 
(unaudited) 
Net income from Poland 
17.9 
 
3.6 
One offs 
0.0 
 
0.5 
Valuation result 
(15.0) 
 
(1.4) 
Deferred taxes 
4.4 
 
0.3 
Result of effects from purchase price allocation 
2.2 
 
6.8 
Minority interest 
(2.8) 
 
(0.7) 
Results Operations Poland 
6.7 
 
9.1 
(10) EPRA NTA per share is based on consolidated equity without minorities, adjusted for (i) dilution effects from convertible bonds, (ii) 
deferred taxes on investment properties and financial derivatives, (iii) the fair value of financial derivatives, (iv) the difference between 
fair value and book value for properties valued at cost, (v) goodwill and (vi) other intangible assets, divided by the fully diluted number 
of shares outstanding at the balance sheet date. 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2021 
(unaudited, un-
less stated oth-
erwise) 
 
2020 
(unaudited, un-
less stated oth-
erwise) 
Consolidated equity (without minorities)(a) 
3,039.7 
 
2,602.6 
Dilution effects from convertible bonds 
0.0 
 
25.9 
Deferred taxes on investment properties and financial derivatives 
653.8 
 
567.4 
Fair value of financial derivatives(b) 
16.6 
 
20.1 
Difference between fair value and book value for properties valued at cost(c) 
51.2 
 
40.9 
Goodwill(a) 
(18.3) 
 
(18.4) 
Other intangible assets(a) 
(4.9) 
 
(4.3) 
EPRA NTA 
3,783.3 
 
3,234.2 
Number of shares, fully diluted (in thousand) 
146,380 
 
147,333

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
EPRA NTA per share 
25.54 
 
21.95 
(a) 
Audited. 
(b) 
Fair value of financial derivatives is calculated as follows: 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2021 
(unaudited, un-
less stated 
otherwise) 
 
2020 
(unaudited, un-
less unstated 
otherwise) 
Derivative financial instruments (audited) 
16.6 
 
28.6 
Exclude fair value of derivate financial instruments the company does not in-
tend to hold until the end of its contractual duration (call-in offer for converti-
ble bond 2017/2022 in 2020) 
0 
 
(8.5) 
Fair value of financial derivatives 
16.6 
 
20.1 
(c) 
As of 31 December 2021, deferred taxes on derivative financial instruments as well as deferred taxes and minorities were taken 
into account for the first time in the determination of hidden reserves on property, plant and equipment and inventories. Without 
these changes, the EPRA NTA as of 31 December 2021 would have been approximately EUR 3,772.3 million and EPRA NTA per 
share would have been EUR 25.77. 
(11) Loan to Value (LTV) represents a debt ratio defined as the sum of total financial liabilities (bank loans and corporate and convertible 
bonds incl. promissory note loans and commercial papers), less cash and cash equivalents relative to total real estate assets (including 
hidden reserves in real estate held as tangible or intangible assets and measured at cost of acquisition or construction, as well as 
advance payments made on real estate and company acquisitions). 
 
As of 31 December, 
In EUR million 
 
2021 
(unaudited, un-
less stated oth-
erwise) 
 
2020 
(unaudited, un-
less stated oth-
erwise) 
Liabilities to banks 
2,066.5 
 
1,977.9 
Liabilities from corporate bonds and other loans 
546.3 
 
495.9 
Liabilities from convertible bonds 
457.8 
 
565.4 
Cash and cash equivalents(a) 
(96.5) 
 
(324.3) 
Net financial debt 
2,974.1 
 
2,714.9 
Investment properties(a) 
6,540.4 
 
5,819.2 
Property reported under tangible assets(a) 
9.1 
 
9.4 
Property held as inventory(a) 
113.8 
 
102.0 
Property reported under non-current assets held for sale(a) 
72.0 
 
53.9 
Gross assets value (GAV) 
6,735.3 
 
5,984.4 
Prepayments on sold/acquired properties and on business combinations 
67.9 
 
(8.0) 
Difference between fair value and book value for properties valued at cost 
81.7 
 
40.9 
Relevant GAV for LTV calculation 
6,884.9 
 
6.017.4 
LTV in % 
43.2 
 
45.1 
(a) 
Audited. 
(12) Interest Cover Ratio (ICR) is based on the sum of the EBITDA (adjusted) from the German and Polish business divided by net financial 
result (cash, after one-offs).

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2021 
(unaudited) 
 
2020 
(unaudited) 
EBITDA (adjusted) from German business 
226.1 
 
222.3 
EBITDA (adjusted) Polish business 
7.6 
 
12.6 
EBITDA (adjusted) from German and Polish business 
233.7 
 
234.9 
Net financial result (cash, after one-offs) 
42.1 
 
45.1 
ICR 
5.6 
 
5.2 
(13) Net financial debt/EBITDA (adjusted) is based on net financial debt divided by EBITDA (adjusted) from the German and Polish business. 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
31 December 
In EUR million 
 
2021 
(unaudited) 
 
2020 
(unaudited) 
Net financial debt 
2,974.1 
 
2,714.9 
EBITDA (adjusted) from German and Polish business 
233.7 
 
234.9 
Net financial debt/EBITDA (adjusted) 
12.7 
 
11.6

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
TREND INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT CHANGES 
Since December 31, 2021, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and no 
significant change in the financial performance or the financial position of the Group. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Please refer to "BUSINESS OF THE GROUP – GOVERNMENTAL, LEGAL OR ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS" be-
low. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
Please refer to "BUSINESS OF THE GROUP– MATERIAL CONTRACTS" below. 
RECENT EVENTS 
There were no recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation of 
the Issuer's solvency. 
RATING 
The Issuer is rated by the two leading rating agencies: 
Moody's published its first rating for the Issuer on 9 August 2017. Since then, TAG's long-term issuer rating 
stands at "Baa3" (investment grade). The outlook of the rating was originally "stable" and was changed on 1 April 
2021 to "positive". On 14 January 2022, Moody's changed the outlook to "negative". On 1 October 2018 the 
Issuer received an additional short-term issuer rating from Moody's which is unchanged since then at "P-3" 
(prime). 
On 14 March 2022, the Issuer also received a long-term investment grade rating of "BBB-" with a stable outlook 
and a short-term rating of A-3 from S&P. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension 
or withdrawal at any time by the relevant rating agency.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
OVERVIEW 
TAG is a Hamburg-based real estate company which is active in Germany and Poland. Its business is currently 
separated in the "Rental" segment, which includes TAG's main business of renting residential real estate units 
in Germany, the "Services" segment, which includes the business activities attributable to TAG's German internal 
service companies, and "Business Activities Poland and Sales" as a third segment, which includes both TAG's 
business operations in Poland and its activities regarding sales of real estate in Germany and Poland.  
TAG's business model is primarily based on the long-term renting of residential real estate units. In Germany, 
TAG holds a diversified portfolio of residential real estate which is situated largely in attractive locations in 
Northern Germany (Hamburg and Salzgitter region), the Berlin region, other states in former Eastern Germany, 
and North Rhine-Westphalia (Rhine-Ruhr region). Overall, TAG held and managed around 87,600 residential 
units in Germany as of 31 December 2021 (previous year: around 88,300). TAG considers itself a specialist for 
affordable housing which appeals to large sections of the population. In its own view, TAG's residential real 
estate holdings in Germany constitute a solid and attractive portfolio which generates a strong rental income. 
TAG is among the largest owners of residential properties in Eastern Germany. 
TAG expanded its business operations to Poland in November 2019 through the acquisition of Vantage, which 
was closed in January 2020 (for more details, see "MATERIAL CONTRACTS – Acquisition of Vantage" below). As 
of 31 December 2021, TAG managed approximately 500 residential units in Poland and had a contractually se-
cured project pipeline for the construction of approximately 12,100 additional units in Wrocław, Poznań, Łódź, 
Gdańsk and Kraków (not including the portfolio and project pipeline of ROBYG). Of the units in the secured 
pipeline, TAG acquired ca. 3,200 units (landbank and projects) in 2021 (previous year: 4,900). TAG further 
strengthened its operations in Poland through the acquisition of ROBYG in December 2021, which is expected 
to close on 31 March 2022 (for more details, see "MATERIAL CONTRACTS – Acquisition of ROBYG" below). As of 
31 December 2021, ROBYG owned a secured pipeline of about 25,500 residential units, including circa 4,500 
presold units, with a focus on projects in Warsaw and Gdańsk and additional projects in Wrocław and Poznań. 
TAG's business activities in Poland comprise, in particular, the development of real estate intended for rental in 
the future as well as the development and sale of real estate units. TAG's strategy in Poland focuses on new 
construction projects in large cities with favourable population trends, proximity to universities, and a well-de-
veloped infrastructure. 
As of 31 December 2021, the book value of TAG's real estate portfolio (Gross Asset Value, GAV) amounted to 
EUR 6,735.3 million (previous year: EUR 5,984.4 million), out of which EUR 6,387.4 million (previous year: 
EUR 5,834.3 million) refers to the German portfolio and EUR 347.9 million (previous year: EUR 150.1 million) 
refers to the Polish portfolio.  
PRINCIPAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
TAG's principal business activities can be described as follows: 
Asset and Portfolio Management 
TAG's core business is the management of its residential real estate portfolio in order to increase its value. Asset 
and portfolio management includes the acquisition, management and development of residential real estate 
units, as well as supply management, organizational management and financial management. TAG's asset and 
portfolio management is based on a fully integrated platform with a lean and decentralized organization. In 
TAG's view, local presence is a key element of its approach to ensure deep local market knowledge and efficient 
operation of assets.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
TAG continuously monitors the regional real estate markets in which it operates for opportunities to enhance 
the value of its portfolio by purchasing individual properties, real estate portfolios or sub-portfolios, and by 
acquiring real estate companies. In this context, TAG analyses the real estate portfolios of other market partici-
pants for added value and appreciation potential and, in suitable cases, enters into contractual negotiations with 
these parties to acquire financially worthwhile additional properties (see also "STRATEGY – Portfolio Manage-
ment Strategy" below).  
Through its activities in Poland, TAG is also active in the project development business. This includes the acqui-
sition of land and the construction of newly built residential real estate units. TAG operates as a general con-
tractor for these construction projects, including a team of in-house engineers and supervisors, but using exter-
nal work force. TAG's strategy is to build up a real estate portfolio in Poland (for more information, see "Portfolio 
Management Strategy"–"Build-up of a Real Estate Portfolio in Poland" below). 
In addition, TAG continuously analyses the opportunities for realising the potential for regular rent increases, 
rent increases by modernising its portfolio and reducing vacancy rates in its properties. Modernisation activities 
to increase rents and to reduce vacancy include all activities to improve the fittings in apartments in order to 
update them, such as insulation work and other work that may reduce the energy consumption of apartments, 
as well as the replacement of elements of fittings in apartments which are outdated, such as installing new 
plumbing fixtures and new heating systems. Furthermore, modernisation activities include all activities intended 
to fundamentally improve the building stock and during which vacant apartments are deliberately accepted. 
In preparation for all modernisation activities, TAG performs detailed cost-benefit analyses in order to determine 
whether the required investments can be recovered with a profit from the realisable increases in value. For 
modernisation work, TAG exclusively commissions third-party contractors who provide high-quality services and 
exhibit a favourable price-performance ratio. In this context, TAG limits its involvement to coordinating and 
monitoring the modernisation and renovation activities. 
Property Management 
Property management means the administration of TAG's real estate portfolio. This comprises the renting of 
apartments that have been vacated as well as entering into and managing leases. Another part of property man-
agement is active rent and receivables management. This includes the continuous monitoring and auditing of 
incoming payments to rent and security deposit accounts, the collecting of outstanding receivables using pay-
ment reminders and legal action, as well as billing operating costs and bookkeeping. Finally, leases are termi-
nated in some cases if this step is required to ensure the quality and profitability of the leased objects through 
a constant flow of rental income.  
Property management also includes housing-related services. All functions essential to property management 
are carried out by TAG's own employees. TAG also provides caretaker services and selected craftsman services 
for its real estate portfolio. In the case of more comprehensive repairs, this work is performed by third-party 
contractors who are commissioned and supervised by TAG. The Group's own multimedia company supports the 
provision of multimedia to tenants and expands the range of property management services offered. Energy 
management is pooled in a subsidiary which supplies commercial heating to TAG's portfolio with the aim of 
optimising energy management. Furthermore, TAG provides services in the field of homeowner association 
management (condominium management). 
TAG's activities in the property management also comprise regular analyses of the regional rental markets in 
which its portfolio properties are located for the purpose of identifying potential for rent increases.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
STRATEGY 
Portfolio Management Strategy 
TAG's primary objective is to increase its enterprise value by sustainably increasing the value of its residential 
real estate portfolio. 
Investment Strategy in Germany 
TAG's strategy for the investment in residential real estate is based on the following decision criteria: 
 
Focus on residential real estate: In Germany, TAG exclusively invests in residential properties, including 
smaller commercial properties that are sometimes part of larger residential portfolios.  
 
Knowledge of local market: TAG believes that local knowledge of the market is essential in the acquisition 
of new portfolios. Therefore, TAG nearly exclusively invests in regions where TAG already manages assets. 
This approach allows TAG to use existing administrative structures.  
 
Location of property ("ABBA strategy"): TAG analyses the property's location, its development and traffic 
connections as well as its placement in a region with a constant or expanding population or regional 
demand for living space. In Germany, TAG pursues the "ABBA strategy", which means that it invests in A 
locations in B cities, and B locations in A cities. Therefore, TAG primarily invests in property located in 
medium-size cities and in the vicinity of large metropolises. In TAG's view, these locations offer a greater 
potential for growth and returns in comparison to investments in real estate in big cities. Small and me-
dium-sized cities are also benefitting from the disproportionate demand for housing in cities, where af-
fordable living space in particular is scarce. Many people are moving to the outskirts of big cities or to the 
centres of medium-sized cities to find attractive yet affordable living conditions. Even if the rents in B 
locations or B cities do not always match Germany's top locations in absolute terms, TAG believes that 
the achievable return, i.e. the ratio of the expected rent or the expected funds from operations (FFO I) to 
the purchase price or the equity employed, is a key criterion in assessing the advantageousness of an 
investment. In TAG's view, B locations and B cities offer the much better yield-risk profile. 
 
Condition and construction year of a property: TAG determines the condition of the property. This in-
volves evaluating its structural condition and, if necessary, determining and pricing required modernisa-
tion and renovation projects and estimating the costs associated with urgent renovation needs. 
 
Rental status and tenant structure: As part of its analysis, TAG evaluates the rental income and tenant 
structure and determines the prospects for reducing the number of vacancies and for increasing rents. 
In addition to these criteria, the profitability calculations determined as part of business plans and forecasts are 
a key criterion for purchase decisions. 
Active Asset Management 
TAG sees internal growth in its German portfolio as one main driver. It pursues an active asset management, 
which allows to grow rents and increase property values. TAG aims to lift and realize value potential via vacancy 
reduction and selective investment of capex. Therefore, high vacancy rates at the time of purchase are not an 
impediment to investment, provided that they are not structurally caused. TAG aims to reduce vacancies 
through targeted investments and asset-management concepts. In 2021, TAG had maintenance investments in 
the amount of EUR 7.57 per square meter (previous year: EUR 6.96) and capex of EUR 13.35 per square meter 
(previous year: EUR 14.59). Its maintenance and capex investments are relatively evenly split throughout the

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
different regions in Germany. TAG believes that a continuous reduction in vacancy can lead to attractive rental 
growth with a relatively low outlay. TAG also invests in properties with above average refurbishment require-
ments, with the goal to realize value through modernization measures. Growth in absolute orders of magnitude, 
on the other hand, is not at the forefront of TAG's corporate strategy in Germany. 
Selected Sales ("Capital Recycling") in Germany 
TAG continually analyses whether in certain cases properties can be sold to optimise its real estate portfolio in 
Germany. For instance, this can be the case if pending renovation and modernisation activities do not bode well 
for sustained growth in the value of the property, or if properties are located in marginal locations or regions 
whose chances for development are assessed as negative by TAG, and the properties' minimal economies of 
scale are associated with comparatively high administration costs. Furthermore, in single cases, TAG intends to 
take advantage of market opportunities and may sell properties for the purposes of maximising value. In some 
locations, real estate prices have reached a high level compared to the level of rents. In such cases, a sale of 
properties allows TAG to reinvest the realised capital appreciation and liquidity into new portfolios with higher 
yields. This strategy of "capital recycling" is TAG's response to the intense competition for German residential 
real estate, and puts a focus on earnings per share.  
Expansion of Housing-Related Services 
As part of its strategy, TAG intends to expand its housing-related services and supplement them with new ser-
vices in order to steadily enhance the quality of its offer. This is supposed to lead to a higher tenant loyalty with 
a positive influence on TAG's core rental business. 
Build-up of a Real Estate Portfolio in Poland 
TAG regionally expanded its business to Poland. TAG's medium-term growth target is to build up a letting port-
folio of around 20,000 residential units in Poland in the next six to seven years, corresponding to approximately 
20% of TAG's total current residential units. TAG believes that Poland is experiencing a structural gap between 
demand and supply in the residential-for-rent segment for historic reasons as a result of strong macroeconomic 
and demographic growth. Specifically, TAG believes that there is a strongly rising demand for rental apartments 
as well as condominiums in major cities in Poland. In TAG's view, there currently is a housing shortage in major 
Polish cities, which has driven up prices of residential units as well as rent levels, which TAG believes to outper-
form rent levels in other major European economies. Therefore, TAG expects growth of rent levels and property 
valuations in Poland.  
In 2020, TAG acquired Vantage, a real estate developer whose headquarters and main activities are located in 
Wrocław in the western part of Poland. Vantage served as the platform for TAG's market entry in Poland. With 
the acquisition of ROBYG, TAG is expanding its platform in the Polish rental housing market. In addition to 
strengthening the portfolio in the existing regions of Wrocław, Poznań and, in particular, Tri-City, this acquisition 
also enables TAG to enter the Warsaw market comprehensively. As of 31 December 2021, ROBYG owned a se-
cured pipeline of about 25,500 residential units, including circa 4,500 presold units. Upon closing of the ROBYG 
acquisition, which is expected on 31 March 2022, TAG expects to have a total pipeline of circa 38,100 units 
(including presold units of ROBYG) in Poland of which more than 20,000 units are earmarked for the "build-to-
hold" business. Further, the established platform of ROBYG covers the functions technical, sales & marketing as 
well as various back office and administrative areas, allowing TAG to develop and grow a highly professionalized 
and integrated operation. 
TAG is pursuing a different approach in Poland compared to its German real estate portfolio. Although TAG also 
focuses on the rental market for residential real estate there, it exclusively invests in new construction projects

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
in the country's major cities. The goal is to build up a portfolio of residential properties ("build-to-hold") via own 
project developments in "A cities" only. TAG believes that large cities with favourable population trends, prox-
imity to universities, and a well-developed infrastructure offer the greatest value potential in Poland. TAG sees 
substantial growth opportunities in this approach and believes that – in contrast to Germany – the returns which 
can be achieved by this strategy in Poland are very attractive. In TAG's view, the focus on new constructed 
apartments allows it to address the demand of the Polish population for higher quality buildings. TAG believes 
that value creation already starts in the project development phase and that it can realize a value uplift post 
completion of the project development. 
In addition, TAG will continue to sell residential units in Poland which it does not want to include in its real estate 
portfolio to realize sales profits ("build-to sell"). TAG intends to reinvest proceeds from these sales into its "build-
to-hold" portfolio. In 2021, sales of 412 units (previous year: 509) were notarised and 575 units (previous year: 
719) were handed over to buyers in Poland. TAG generated revenue from sales in Poland in the amount of 
EUR 62.4 million (previous year: EUR 73.4 million) in 2021.  
Financing Strategy 
TAG has a disciplined and conservative approach regarding use of capital and new acquisitions. The focus lies on 
a stable and long term financing structure to support a profitable growth strategy. The Company aims for an LTV 
target of 45%. In 2021, TAG had an LTV of 43.2% (previous year: 45.1%).  
In addition, TAG intends to continuously optimize its financing structure. TAG believes that the stability of resi-
dential real estate as an asset class, the access to low-cost, long-term fixed-rate debt financing, and the access 
to funding from the capital markets together provide attractive opportunities to optimize its financing structure 
and its cash flow. To achieve this goal, TAG intends to repay financial liabilities that become due by entering into 
new financing arrangements under more favourable terms. By this approach, TAG aims to reduce interest pay-
ments on the one hand and to optimize the debt service and financing structure on the other hand. Part of this 
strategy is to find the appropriate leverage ratio for the various parts of the portfolio and to use the attractive 
terms currently available on the financial markets in order to reduce interest expenses. 
The following table shows TAG's maturity profile of all liabilities as of 31 December 2021:  
in EUR million 
 
2022 
 
2023 
 
2024 
 
2025 
 
2026 
 
2027 
 
>2027 
Bank loans 
 
75 
 
112 
 
136 
 
264 
 
236 
 
413 
 
841 
Corporate bonds 
 
– 
 
125 
 
– 
 
125 
 
– 
 
– 
 
– 
Promissory notes 
 
– 
 
115 
 
59 
 
29 
 
43 
 
18 
 
30 
Convertibles bonds 
 
– 
 
– 
 
– 
 
– 
 
470 
 
– 
 
– 
The average term of all financial liabilities of TAG was 6.3 and the average interest rate on total financial liabilities 
was 1.4% as of 31 December 2021. 
Sustainability 
TAG's goal is to incorporate sustainability aspects into its corporate strategy across TAG's entire value chain (for 
more information on TAG's approach to sustainability, see "SUSTAINABILITY" below).

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
PORTFOLIO STRUCTURE 
Overview 
As of 31 December 2021, TAG had a total real estate portfolio comprising around 87,600 residential units in 
Germany and circa 500 completed residential units and a secured pipeline to build about 12,100 additional res-
idential units in Poland. The regional focus is mainly on Northern and Eastern Germany. In Poland, TAG focuses 
on investments in newly-built residential real estate units in large cities. 
The following table provides an overview of TAG's portfolio: 
Portfolio data 
 
31 December 2021 
 
31 December 2020 
Units Germany 
 
87,576 
 
88,313 
Completed units Poland 
 
479 
 
290 
out of which for rent 
 
368 
 
0 
out of which for sale 
 
111 
 
290 
Secured pipeline Poland (excluding completed units) 
 
12,078 
 
8,452 
out of which for rent 
 
c. 8,800 
 
c. 5,800 
out of which for sale 
 
c. 3,300 
 
c. 2,700 
Gross Asset Value in EUR million 
 
6,735.3 
 
5,984.4 
out of which Germany in EUR million 
 
6,387.4 
 
5,834.3 
out of which Poland in EUR million 
 
347.9 
 
150.1 
Vacancy Germany in % (total) 
 
5.7 
 
5.6 
Vacancy Germany rate in % (residential units) 
 
5.4 
 
4.5 
Like-for-like rental growth Germany in % (basis, i.e. ex-
cluding changes in vacancy) 
 
 
1.5 
 
1.4 
Like-for-like rental growth Germany in %  
(incl. changes in vacancy) 
 
 
1.3 
 
1.5 
Recent Changes in the Portfolio 
Beside the acquisition of ROBYG (for more details, see "MATERIAL CONTRACTS – Acquisition of ROBYG" below), 
there have been no material changes of the portfolio since 31 December 2021. 
SUSTAINABILITY 
TAG considers sustainability an integral part of its business model and corporate strategy. As a large real estate 
company, it bears a special responsibility to society.  
TAG follows a comprehensive strategy to promote environmental, social and governmental concerns, which can 
be described as follows: 
 
Environment: TAG aims to improve energy efficiency and to help reducing carbon emissions. This in-
cludes maintenance and modernization measures and an active portfolio investment strategy.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Furthermore, TAG focuses on a responsible treatment of resource management, the support for local 
service and material suppliers, the use of sustainable materials and environmental compliance for all 
external contracts. In doing so, TAG strives to achieve the best possible cost-benefit ratio. 
 
Social: TAG aims to offer affordable and needs-orientated housing and focuses on neighbourhood man-
agement and customer service quality. TAG wants to offer its tenants a secure home and good service in 
the long term and – as far as it is able as a landlord – help them in difficult situations, such as those 
currently caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and offer flexible solutions. To promote good living condi-
tions and neighbourhood spirit effectively, TAG established the TAG Miteinander Stiftung in 2020.  
 
Governance: TAG focuses on board expertise, at transparent compensation scheme in line with the in-
terests of shareholders and responsibility and trust for its employees. TAG considers it as particularly 
important to protect its employees. As a responsible employer, TAG broadened the options for flexible 
and remote work, and expanded its occupational health and safety measures. It believes that individual 
responsibility and shared commitment, along with respectful and transparent treatment of others, are 
essential contributors to the its success. 
TAG's efforts in the area of sustainable corporate development are recognised and rewarded by rating agencies. 
In a report published on 6 August 2021 by Sustainalytics, TAG was ranked 27th out of a total of 1,000 real estate 
companies analysed world-wide, placing it in the top 3% of all companies in the sector. TAG's risk is rated at 
9.9 points (negligible risk). Furthermore, on 20 January 2022, MSCI ESG Ratings rated TAG "AA" (previously "A"), 
its second highest of a total of seven possible rating levels. For its sustainability report 2020, TAG received the 
EPRA SILVER sBPR Award 2021. Each year EPRA recognises companies which have issued the best-in-class annual 
sustainability performance report. Based on adherence to the EPRA Sustainability Best Practices Recommenda-
tions (sBPR) in their public disclosure, companies are identified for Gold, Silver or Bronze Awards. 
For further information on ESG ratings please refer to the section "Notice"–"ESG Ratings" above. 
MATERIAL INVESTMENTS 
Beside the acquisition of ROBYG (for more details, see "MATERIAL CONTRACTS – Acquisition of ROBYG" below), 
the Issuer has made no material investments since 31 December 2021 and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
its management has made no firm commitments on such material investments in the future. 
EMPLOYEES 
In the fiscal year ended 31 December 2021, the average number of TAG's employees amounted to 1,374 (previ-
ous year: 1,328). 
GOVERNMENTAL, LEGAL OR ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS 
During the ordinary course of its business activities, TAG is regularly involved in legal proceedings, both as a 
claimant and as a defendant. These proceedings include civil and administrative proceedings, in particular dis-
putes with owners' associations concerning construction defects and disputes with tenants. In addition, several 
proceedings are pending in court regarding the TAG's past activity in the property development business. Occa-
sionally, claims are asserted against subsidiaries of the Issuer by purchasers in connection with lost tax ad-
vantages, compensation and, in some cases, the rescission of contracts entered into many years ago. TAG cre-
ated appropriate provisions to cover risks in connection with legal disputes, claims for damages, and warranty 
claims.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
However, neither the Issuer nor its subsidiaries are currently involved, and have not been involved in the past 
12 months, in governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including pending or threatened proceedings) that 
could or recently had a significant impact on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
Acquisition of Vantage 
On 8 November 2019, the Issuer, via its wholly-owned subsidiary TAG Beteiligungs- und Immobilienverwaltungs 
GmbH, signed an investment agreement to acquire 100% of the shares in Vantage. Vantage is a real estate de-
veloper focused on the economically strong region of Wrocław in the western part of Poland. The commercial 
real estate business of Vantage was carved out of the transaction and repurchased by the selling shareholders. 
The transaction was closed in January 2020. 
Based on a tender offer price of PLN 11.50 per share, the total transaction consideration amounts to around 
EUR 131.9 million (calculated on the basis of a PLN/EUR exchange rate of 0.2361), of which around EUR 46.5 
million related to the commercial real estate business unit. As a result, the total net consideration for TAG 
amounted to around EUR 85.4 million for the residential business and platform of Vantage. The total transaction 
consideration was fully paid from existing cash.  
Acquisition of ROBYG 
On 22 December 2021, the Issuer, via its 100% owned subsidiary TAG Beteiligungs- und Immobilienverwaltungs 
GmbH, signed a share purchase agreement to acquire 100% of the shares in ROBYG. The acquisition is expected 
to close on 31 March 2022.  
The final purchase price for the acquisition was based on a total transaction consideration of PLN 3,150 million 
(around EUR 694 million, calculated on the basis of a PLN/EUR exchange rate of 0.22) and subject to certain cash 
distributions to the sellers of up to PLN 700 million (around EUR 154 million) to be made prior to closing of the 
transaction and is expected to be at around PLN 2,450 million (around EUR 540 million). The purchase price, 
potential repayments of existing financial debt of ROBYG, and further working capital for ROBYG's investments 
was funded by a bridge facility of up to EUR 750 million provided by Bank of America, Credit Suisse, Deutsche 
Bank, and Société Générale.  
Financing Agreements 
ROBYG Bridge Facility 
To finance the acquisition of ROBYG and to refinance financial indebtedness and working capital requirements 
of ROBYG the Issuer took out a credit facility of up to EUR 750 million as of 17 January 2022 (ROBYG Loan) 
arranged by the Bank of America Europe Designated Activity Company, Credit Suisse (Deutschland) AG, Deutsche 
Bank AG, Société Générale (Arrangers). The ROBYG Loan has an initial term until 17 July 2022 and may be ex-
tended at the sole discretion of the Issuer in four (4) steps until 17 July 2023. The Issuer intends to refinance the 
ROBYG Loan by way of capital market instruments in 2022, market conditions permitting. 
The following lenders have committed themselves to disburse the following amounts to the Issuer: 
Bank of America Designated Activity Company 
EUR 187.5 million 
Credit Suisse (Deutschland) AG 
EUR 187.5 million 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
EUR 187.5 million

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Société Générale 
EUR 187.5 million 
Deutsche Bank acts as agent on behalf of the lenders regarding the ROBYG Loan and the related documentation 
(Agent). 
The Issuer is entitled to make up to ten (10) utilizations under the ROBYG Loan with each utilization being in a 
minimum amount of at least EUR 10 million, with no more than an aggregate of ten tranches outstanding. Cur-
rently, no loans have been utilized by the Issuer. The first loans are expected to be used for the final purchase 
price payment for the shares in ROBYG upon closing at 31 March 2022. The interest rate on each loan utilized 
under the ROBYG Loan amounts to a percentage rate per annum being the aggregate of a (i) margin (of initially 
0,4% p.a.) and (ii) the EURIBOR (which shall be deemed zero in case the EURIBOR accounts for less than zero). 
The ROBYG Loan provides for an initial term of six (6) months starting with the conclusion of the contract. The 
Issuer is entitled to extend the term of the ROBYG Loan up to four (4) times by an additional period of three (3) 
months each, so that the maximum term of the ROBYG Loan is 18 months. Each of these extensions entails to 
an increase of the margin by 0.2% p.a. from the respective period of extension, so that in the fourth and last 
extension period a margin of 1.2% p.a. is payable between the 15th and the 18th month of the contract conclu-
sion. The Issuer is obliged to use funds from certain financing sources for the mandatory prepayment ROBYG 
Loan.  
These funds encompass inter alia: 
(i) 
Net proceeds of capital market issuances (debt / equity / equity linked) after the signing of a mandate 
letter with the Arrangers of the ROBYG LOAN (Mandate Letter); 
(ii) 
Net proceeds from capital market issuances rendered by way of private placements and other take-out 
instruments such as corporate loans or promissory loan notes (Schuldscheindarlehen) and also including 
bond issuances (other than convertible bonds and bonds issued in accordance with Rule 144A US Securi-
ties Act) which do not require an approved securities prospectus) issued after the date of the Mandate 
Letter which are not used to refinance maturing existing financial indebtedness (up to six months ahead) 
and subject to a basket (including amounts used for refinancing purposes) of EUR 250 million; 
(iii) 
Net proceeds from any monetary claims against the sellers of ROBYG;  
(iv) 
Dividends paid by ROBYG to the Company; 
(v) 
Net proceeds from the disposal of shares in ROBYG or certain other disposal which together exceed 15 
per cent. of the Issuer’s consolidated assets. 
Any mandatory prepayments shall be made within ten (10) business days upon receipt of the relevant proceeds. 
In addition, the Issuer may, on not less than three (3) Business Days’ prior notice, cancel and/or prepay the 
whole or any part (being a minimum of EUR 10 million as applicable) of the available commitments and/or loans.  
The ROBYG Loan provides for certain financial covenants, general undertakings and information undertakings. 
In particular the Issuer has to comply with certain information duties and for example has to supply its audited 
consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements for the relevant financial year within 120 days of the end 
of that particular fiscal year. In addition, the Issuer shall not and shall ensure that no member of the Group will 
create or permit to subsist any security interest for any financial indebtedness (including financial indebtedness 
existing at the date of the ROBYG Loan) that exceeds a nominal amount of EUR 2.5 billion. Furthermore, the 
Issuer needs to ensure that at any Quarter Date (beginning 31 March 2022) the loan-to-value ratio is not more 
than 60 per cent. and the interest cover rate is at least 1.8.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
On and at any time after the occurrence of an event of default not being cured the Agent may, and shall if so 
directed by lenders or a lender whose commitments account for more than 66⅔% of the lenders’ aggregate 
commitments shall declare by means of notice to the Issuer that all or part of the loans, together with accrued 
interest, and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the ROBYG Loan be immediately due and payable 
and can thus accelerate the repayment of the ROBYG Loan. An event of default is in particular considered to 
occur under the terms and conditions of the ROBYG Loan if financial indebtedness of the Issuer or one of its 
subsidiaries equaling or exceeding EUR 50 million - while the amount underlying this outstanding amount shall 
exceed or at least equal EUR 200 million - is not repaid when due nor within the applicable grace period.  
Any lender under the ROBYG Loan may assign any of its rights or transfer by assumption of contract (Ver-
tragsübernahme) any of its rights and obligations in a minimum amount of EUR 15 million as applicable, to an-
other bank, financial institution, trust fund or other entity licensed or otherwise permitted to perform lending 
business in Germany. The consent of the Issuer will be required unless such transfer or assignment is to another 
lender or an affiliate of any lender or is made at a time when an event of default in the meaning of the terms 
and conditions of the ROBYG Loan occurs. 
Convertible Bonds 2020/2026 
In 2020, the Issuer placed new convertible bonds with a term until 2026 and an aggregate principal amount of 
EUR 470 million, divided into 4,700 partial bonds with a nominal amount of EUR 100,000 each (Convertible 
Bonds 2020/2026). The Convertible Bonds 2020/2026 are convertible into new or existing no-par value ordinary 
bearer shares of the Issuer representing approximately 9.9% of the Issuer's share capital, or may be redeemed 
in cash. The Convertible Bonds 2020/2026 have a term of six years, were placed at 100% of their principal 
amount and bear interest at a coupon rate of 0.625% p.a. The conversion premium was set at 35.0%. The initial 
conversion price is determined by the reference price (i.e. the volume-weighted average price (VWAP) of the 
ordinary shares in XETRA trading on 20 August and 21 August 2020 plus the conversion premium). The Convert-
ible Bonds 2020/2026 were placed in a private placement excluding the subscription rights of the Issuer's share-
holders exclusively to institutional investors in certain jurisdictions (outside the United States, Australia, Japan 
and Canada). The Convertible Bonds 2020/2026 were included to trading on the Open Market (Freiverkehr) of 
the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The Issuer has committed itself, subject to customary market exceptions, to a 90-
day lock-up period with effect from the issue date.  
The Issuer has the right to call the Convertible Bonds 2020/2026 at the principal amount (plus accrued and 
unpaid interest) at any time in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes if  
(i) 
on or after 27 Augu st 2024, the share price of the ordinary shares for a specified period is at least 130% 
of the then prevailing conversion price or  
(ii) 
if 20% or less of the principal amount of the New Convertible Notes is outstanding.  
The net proceeds from the issuance of the New Convertible Notes will be used  
(i) 
to finance acquisitions in Germany of more than approximately 4,200 units for an aggregate purchase 
price of approximately EUR 163 million,  
(ii) 
to reduce dilutive effects on shareholders from the outstanding convertible notes and 
(iii) 
for general corporate purposes, including further acquisitions in Germany and Poland or the early repay-
ment of debt. 
Corporate Bonds 
In 2018, the Issuer issued two corporate bonds, with a volume of EUR 125 million each:

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
 
Corporate Bond 
2018/2023 
 
Corporate Bond 
2018/2025 
Volume  
 
EUR 125 million 
 
EUR 125 million 
Nominal value per bond 
 
EUR 100,000 
 
EUR 100,000 
Term 
 
5 years 
 
7 years 
Maturity 
 
19 June 2023 
 
19 June 2025 
Interest rate 
 
1.25 % 
 
1.75 % 
Issue price 
 
99.395 % 
 
99.615 % 
Unsecured Promissory Notes (Schuldscheindarlehen) 
In 2019, TAG issued an unsecured promissory note loan (Schuldscheindarlehen) in the aggregate amount of 
EUR 102 million with maturity tranches of five and seven years. The interest rates are 1.125% and 1.250% p.a., 
respectively.  
In 2020, TAG issued another unsecured promissory note loan in the aggregate amount of EUR 92.0 million with 
maturity tranches of between three and ten years and interest rates between 1.6% and 2.3%.  
In 2021, TAG issued a further unsecured promissory note loan in the amount of EUR 100.0 million with maturity 
of two years and an interest rate of 0.1% p.a. 
Commercial Paper Programme 
Since 2018, short-dated commercial papers have been issued in an amount of on average up to EUR 50 million 
as a special type of corporate bond with a term customarily of between one and six months. As of 31 December 
2021, the Issuer had no commercial papers outstanding (previous year: EUR 50.0 million).

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
GENERAL 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche 
of Notes (Conditions). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes set forth below (Terms and Conditions) as further specified by the Final Terms (Final Terms) as described 
below. 
OPTIONS FOR SETS OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms provide 
for the Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
– 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Fixed Rate Notes; and
– 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Floating Rate Notes.
DOCUMENTATION OF THE CONDITIONS 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
– 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of the Op-
tion I or Option II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable to 
the individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing the relevant place-
holders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus in the Final Terms. 
The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone shall constitute the 
Conditions, which will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. 
This type of documentation of the Conditions will be required where the Notes are publicly offered, in 
whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors.
– 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective further 
options contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the individual issue by referring to 
the relevant provisions of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus only. 
The Final Terms will specify that the information contained in Part I of the Final Terms and the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Con-
ditions. Each global note representing a particular Tranche of Notes will have the information contained 
in Part I of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus 
attached.
DETERMINATION OF OPTIONS / COMPLETION OF PLACEHOLDERS 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of 
Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain further options 
(characterized by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out 
either on the left of or in square brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out 
in the Base Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterized by square brackets which include the relevant 
items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows:

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
DETERMINATION OF OPTIONS 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the rele-
vant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections of the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer to an alternative 
or optional provision or such alternative or optional provision is not replicated therein it shall be deemed to be 
deleted from the Conditions. 
COMPLETION OF PLACEHOLDERS 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and Con-
ditions will be completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Con-
ditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be deemed 
to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the 
placeholders of such provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms and Con-
ditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the Condi-
tions. 
CONTROLLING LANGUAGE 
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the Issuer will elect either German or English to be 
the controlling language in the Conditions.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
 
Anleihebedingungen der Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
 
 
Deutsche Fassung der Anleihebedingungen 
English language version 
 
 
Die Anleihebedingungen für die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
(Anleihebedingungen) 
sind 
nachfolgend in zwei Optionen aufgeführt: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (Terms 
and Conditions) are set forth below for two 
options: 
 
 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedin-
gungen, der auf Tranchen von Schuldver-
schreibungen mit fester Verzinsung Anwen-
dung findet. 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Con-
ditions that applies to Tranches of Notes with 
fixed interest rates. 
 
 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedin-
gungen, der auf Tranchen von Schuldver-
schreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung Anwen-
dung findet. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Con-
ditions that applies to Tranches of Notes with 
floating interest rates. 
 
 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede die-
ser Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Opti-
onen, die entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, 
indem die jeweilige optionale Bestimmung 
durch Instruktionen und Erklärungen entwe-
der links von dem Satz der Anleihebedingun-
gen oder in eckigen Klammern innerhalb des 
Satzes der Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet 
wird. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of 
these Options contains certain further op-
tions, which are characterised accordingly by 
indicating the respective optional provision 
through instructions and explanatory notes 
set out either on the right of, or in square 
brackets within, the set of Terms and Condi-
tions. 
 
 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emit-
tentin festlegen, welche der Option I oder Op-
tion II (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen 
bestimmten weiteren Optionen) für die ein-
zelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung findet, indem entweder die be-
treffenden Angaben wiederholt werden oder 
auf die betreffenden Optionen verwiesen 
wird. 
In the Final Terms, the Issuer will determine 
whether Option I or Option II including certain 
further options contained therein, respec-
tively, shall apply with respect to an individual 
issue of Notes, either by replicating the rele-
vant provisions or by referring to the relevant 
options. 
 
 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billi-
gung des Basisprospekts keine Kenntnis von 
bestimmten Angaben hat, die auf eine ein-
zelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen an-
wendbar sind, enthält dieser Basisprospekt 
Leerstellen in eckigen Klammern, die die maß-
geblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen 
zu vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
To the extent that upon the approval of the 
Base Prospectus the Issuer has no knowledge 
of certain items which are applicable to an in-
dividual issue of Notes, these Base Prospectus 
contain placeholders set out in square brack-
ets which include the relevant items that will 
be completed by the Final Terms. 
 
Im Fall, dass 
die Endgülti-
gen Bedin-
gungen, der 
für eine ein-
zelne 
Die Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingun-
gen gelten für diese Schuldverschreibungen 
so, wie sie durch die Angaben der beigefügten 
Endgültigen Bedingungen (Endgültige Bedin-
gungen) vervollständigt werden. Die Leerstel-
len in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
apply to the Notes as completed by the terms 
of the final terms which is attached hereto (Fi-
nal Terms). The blanks in the provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions which are applica-
ble to the Notes shall be deemed to be 
In the case 
the Final 
Terms ap-
plicable to 
an individ-
ual issue

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
Emission an-
wendbar ist, 
nur auf die 
weiteren 
Optionen 
verweist, 
die im Satz 
der Anleihe-
bedingun-
gen der Op-
tion I oder 
Option II 
enthalten 
sind, ist Fol-
gendes an-
wendbar: 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Anlei-
hebedingungen gelten als durch die in den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Anga-
ben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den be-
treffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Anga-
ben ausgefüllt wären; alternative oder wähl-
bare Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingun-
gen, deren Entsprechungen in den Endgültigen 
Bedingungen nicht ausgefüllt oder die gestri-
chen sind, gelten als aus diesen Anleihebedin-
gungen gestrichen; sämtliche auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen nicht anwendbaren Bestim-
mungen dieser Anleihebedingungen (ein-
schließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen 
und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als 
aus diesen Anleihebedingungen gestrichen, so 
dass die Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Be-
dingungen Geltung erhalten. Kopien der End-
gültigen Bedingungen sind kostenlos bei der 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissions-
stelle erhältlich; bei nicht auf Veranlassung der 
Emittentin an einer Börse notierten Schuldver-
schreibungen sind Kopien der betreffenden 
Endgültigen Bedingungen allerdings aus-
schließlich für die Anleihegläubiger solcher 
Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich. 
completed by the information contained in 
the Final Terms as if such information were in-
serted in the blanks of such provisions; alter-
native or optional provisions of these Terms 
and Conditions as to which the corresponding 
provisions of the Final Terms are not com-
pleted or are deleted shall be deemed to be 
deleted from these Terms and Conditions; all 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
which are inapplicable to the Notes (including 
instructions, explanatory notes and text set 
out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be 
deleted from these Terms and Conditions, as 
required to give effect to the terms of the Final 
Terms. Copies of the Final Terms may be ob-
tained free of charge at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent provided that, in the case of 
Notes which are not listed on any stock ex-
change at the initiative of the Issuer, copies of 
the relevant Final Terms will only be available 
to the Noteholders of such Notes. 
only refers 
to the fur-
ther op-
tions con-
tained in 
the set of 
Terms and 
Conditions 
for Option I 
or Option II 
the follow-
ing applies:

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
OPTION I 
Anleihebedingungen für festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
 
Terms and Conditions that apply to 
Fixed Rate Notes 
 
 
 Währung, Festgelegte Stückelung, Form 
 Currency, 
Specified 
Denomination, 
Form 
 
 
 
Währung; Festgelegte Stückelung. Die 
TAG Immobilien AG, Hamburg (Emitten-
tin) 
begibt 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(Schuldverschreibungen) in [Festgelegte 
Währung] (Festgelegte Währung) im 
Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die Globalur-
kunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes an-
wendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1(d)] von 
[Festgelegte Währung] [Gesamtnennbe-
trag], eingeteilt in Schuldverschreibun-
gen in der festgelegten Stückelung von je 
[Festgelegte Währung] [Festgelegte Stü-
ckelung] (Festgelegte Stückelung).  
 
Currency; Specified Denomination. The 
Notes are issued by TAG Immobilien AG, 
Hamburg (Issuer) in [Specified Currency] 
(Specified Currency), in the aggregate 
principal amount [in the case the Global 
Note is a NGN, the following applies: 
(subject to §1(d)] of [Specified Currency] 
[Aggregate Principal Amount], divided 
into notes in the specified denomination 
of [Specified Currency] [Specified Denom-
ination] (Specified Denomination) each 
(Notes).  
 
 
 Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten 
auf den Inhaber. 
 Form. The Notes are issued in bearer 
form. 
 
 
 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind zu-
nächst in einer vorläufigen Globalur-
kunde (Vorläufige Globalurkunde) ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft. 
 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange. The 
Notes are initially represented by a tem-
porary global Note (Temporary Global 
Note) without interest coupons. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird insge-
samt oder teilweise und unentgeltlich an 
oder nach dem Tag, der 40 Tage nach 
dem Tag der Begebung der Schuldver-
schreibungen, frühestens jedoch 40 Tage 
nach dem Tag des Beginns des Angebots 
liegt, gegen Nachweis über das Nichtbe-
stehen wirtschaftlichen U.S.-Eigentums 
im Sinne des U.S.-Rechts (non-U.S. be-
neficial ownership) in der in der Vorläufi-
gen Globalurkunde vorgesehenen Form, 
gegen eine dauerhafte Globalurkunde 
(Dauer-Globalurkunde) (die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde und die Dauer-Globalur-
kunde jeweils auch eine Globalurkunde) 
ohne Zinsscheine ausgetauscht. Ein 
Recht der Anleihegläubiger (wie nachste-
hend definiert) auf Ausgabe und Liefe-
rung von Einzelurkunden oder Zinsschei-
nen besteht nicht. 
The Temporary Global Note will be ex-
changeable, in whole or in part and free 
of charge, on or after the day that is 40 
days after the later of the commence-
ment of the offering and the date of issue 
of the Notes for a permanent global Note 
(Permanent Global Note) (the Tempo-
rary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note, each a Global Note) without 
interest coupons upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Temporary Global 
Note. The right of the Noteholders (as 
defined below) to require the issue and 
delivery of definitive notes or interest 
coupons is excluded. 
 
 
 Clearingsystem. Die Vorläufige Globalur-
kunde und die Dauer-Globalurkunde 
werden 
solange 
von 
einem 
 Clearing System. Each of the Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note will be held in custody by or on

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Clearingsystem oder im Auftrag eines 
Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis sämtliche 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
behalf of a Clearing System until all obli-
gations of the Issuer under the Notes 
have been satisfied. 
 
Clearingsystem bezeichnet [bei mehr als 
einem Clearing System ist Folgendes an-
wendbar: jeweils] Folgendes: [Clear-
stream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 
61, 65760 Eschborn, Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland (Clearstream, Frankfurt)] 
[,] [und] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 
Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg, 
(Clear-
stream, Luxemburg)] [und] [Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 
Brüssel, 
Belgien, 
(Euroclear)] 
[(Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear 
jeweils ein ICSD und zusammen ICSDs)] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
Clearing System means [if more than 
one Clearing System the following ap-
plies: each of] the following: [Clear-
stream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 
61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal Republic of 
Germany (Clearstream, Frankfurt)] [,] 
[and] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Ave-
nue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, (Clear-
stream, Luxembourg)] [and] [Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgium, (Euroclear)] 
[(Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euro-
clear each an ICSD and together ICSDs)] 
and any successor in such capacity. 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die in 
Form einer 
Classical 
Global Note 
ausgegeben 
werden 
bzw. bei 
Verwahrung 
durch Clear-
stream, 
Frankfurt, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauer-Globalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
eigenhändigen Unterschriften von zwei 
Vertretungsberechtigten der Emittentin 
sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift ei-
nes Kontrollbeauftragten der Emissions-
stelle. 
The Temporary Global Note and the Per-
manent Global Note shall each bear the 
manual signatures of two duly author-
ised officers of the Issuer as well as the 
manual signature of an authentication 
officer of the Fiscal Agent. 
In the case 
of Notes in-
tended to 
be issued in 
the Classi-
cal Global 
Note form, 
or depos-
ited with 
Clear-
stream, 
Frankfurt, 
the follow-
ing applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die in 
Form einer 
New Global 
Note ausge-
geben wer-
den, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in 
Form einer New Global Note (NGN) aus-
gegeben und von einem gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer (common safekee-
per) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in new global note 
(NGN) form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both 
ICSDs. 
In the case 
of Notes in-
tended to 
be issued in 
the New 
Global Note 
form, the 
following 
applies: 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldver-
schreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in 
den Registern beider ICSDs eingetrage-
nen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der 
ICSDs (unter denen man die Register ver-
steht, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden 
über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) 
sind 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Gesamt-
nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time 
entered in the records of both ICSDs. The 
records of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD holds 
for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customers' interest in 
the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence 
of the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note 
and, for these purposes, a statement

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
eine zu diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD 
jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem 
Nennbetrag der so verbrieften Schuld-
verschreibungen ist ein schlüssiger Nach-
weis über den Inhalt des Registers des je-
weiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
issued by an ICSD stating the principal 
amount of Notes so represented at any 
time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time.
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung 
bezüglich der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. 
bei Kauf und Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldver-
schreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, 
dass die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung, 
Zahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung be-
züglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in die 
Register der ICSDs eingetragen werden 
und dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Ge-
samtnennbetrag der in die Register der 
ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldver-
schreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag 
der zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauften und 
entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen ab-
gezogen wird. 
On any redemption or interest payment 
being made in respect of, or purchase 
and cancellation of, any of the Notes rep-
resented by the Global Note the Issuer 
shall procure that details of such re-
demption, payment or purchase and can-
cellation (as the case may be) in respect 
of the Global Note shall be entered pro 
rata in the records of the ICSDs and, 
upon any such entry being made, the ag-
gregate principal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the ICSDs and 
represented by the Global Note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes so redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled. 
 
 
Bei Austausch eines Anteils von durch 
eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrief-
ten Schuldverschreibungen wird die 
Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzel-
heiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs aufgenom-
men werden. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the 
Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that 
details of such exchange shall be entered 
pro rata in the records of the ICSDs. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauer-Globalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
eigenhändigen Unterschriften von zwei 
Vertretungsberechtigten der Emittentin 
sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift ei-
nes Kontrollbeauftragten der Emissions-
stelle und die eigenhändige Unterschrift 
eines bevollmächtigten Vertreters des 
gemeinsamen Wertpapierverwahrers.  
The Temporary Global Note and the Per-
manent Global Note shall each bear the 
manual signatures of two duly author-
ised officers of the Issuer as well as the 
manual signature of an authentication 
officer of the Fiscal Agent and the man-
ual signature of an authorised officer of 
the common safekeeper. 
 
 
 Anleihegläubiger. Den Inhabern von 
Schuldverschreibungen (Anleihegläubi-
ger) stehen Miteigentumsanteile oder 
vergleichbare andere Rechte an der Glo-
balurkunde zu, die gemäß anwendbarem 
Recht und den Bestimmungen und Re-
geln des Clearingsystems übertragen 
werden können. 
 Noteholders. The holders of Notes (Note-
holders) are entitled to co-ownership 
participations or other comparable rights 
in the Global Note, which are transfera-
ble in accordance with applicable laws 
and the rules and regulations of the 
Clearing System. 
 
 
 Status und Negativerklärung 
 Status and Negative Pledge 
 
 
 
Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen be-
gründen nicht besicherte und nicht 
 
Status. The obligations under the Notes 
constitute 
unsecured 
and

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emit-
tentin, die untereinander und mit allen 
anderen nicht besicherten und nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit 
zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen 
nichts anderes vorschreiben. 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
ranking pari passu among themselves 
and pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Is-
suer, save for any obligations required to 
be preferred by law. 
 
 Negativerklärung. Die Emittentin ver-
pflichtet sich, solange Schuldverschrei-
bungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital 
und Zinsen der Emissionsstelle zur Verfü-
gung gestellt worden sind, (i) für Kapital-
marktverbindlichkeiten (wie nachste-
hend definiert) nach dem Tag der Bege-
bung der Schuldverschreibungen kein 
dingliches Sicherungsrecht (für Zwecke 
dieses § 2(b), Sicherungsrecht) am eige-
nen gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Vermögen zu bestellen oder bestehen zu 
lassen und (ii) sicherzustellen, dass ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften (wie nachstehend 
definiert) für Kapitalmarktverbindlichkei-
ten (wie nachstehend definiert) nach 
dem Tag der Begebung der Schuldver-
schreibungen kein Sicherungsrecht am 
jeweils eigenen gegenwärtigen oder zu-
künftigen Vermögen bestellen oder be-
stehen lassen, ohne jeweils (in den Fällen 
von (i) oder (ii)) die Anleihegläubiger zur 
gleichen Zeit und im gleichen Rang an ei-
nem solchen Sicherungsrecht teilhaben 
zu lassen. 
 Negative pledge. The Issuer undertakes, 
as long as any Notes are outstanding but 
only up to the time all amounts of princi-
pal and interest have been provided to 
the Fiscal Agent, (i) not to provide or per-
mit to subsist after the issue date of the 
Notes any security interest in rem (for 
purposes of this § 2(b), Security Interest) 
upon its current or future assets for any 
Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined 
below) and (ii) to procure that none of its 
Subsidiaries (as defined below) will pro-
vide or permit to subsist after the issue 
date of the Notes any Security Interest 
upon its respective current or future as-
sets for any Capital Market Indebtedness 
(as defined below), in each case of (i) and 
(ii) without at the same time letting the 
Noteholders share pari passu in such Se-
curity Interest. 
 
 
Die Verpflichtung nach Satz 1 dieses 
§ 2(b) findet keine Anwendung auf ein Si-
cherungsrecht, das: 
The undertaking pursuant to sentence 1 
of this § 2(b) will not apply to a Security 
Interest which: 
 
 
 
nach dem anzuwendenden Recht 
zwingend notwendig ist; oder 
 
is mandatory according to applica-
ble laws; or 
 
 
 
als Voraussetzung einer staatlichen 
Genehmigung erforderlich ist; oder 
 
is required as a prerequisite for gov-
ernmental approvals; or 
 
 
 zur Besicherung einer in Bezug auf 
oder im Zusammenhang mit einer 
Verbriefung oder vergleichbaren Fi-
nanzierungsvereinbarung in Bezug 
auf Vermögenswerte der Emitten-
tin oder einer Tochtergesellschaft 
eingegangenen 
Kapitalmarktver-
bindlichkeit gestellt wird, bei der 
die Rückgriffsrechte der Gläubiger 
der betreffenden Kapitalmarktver-
bindlichkeit ausschließlich auf die 
betreffenden 
Vermögenswerte 
 is provided to secure any Capital 
Markets Indebtedness incurred in 
respect of or in connection with any 
securitisation or similar financing 
arrangement relating to assets 
owned by the Issuer or any Subsidi-
ary and where the recourse of the 
holders of such Capital Markets In-
debtedness is limited solely to such 
assets or any income generated 
therefrom; or

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
oder die daraus erzielten Erträge 
beschränkt sind, oder 
 
 am Vermögen einer, von der Emit-
tentin oder einer Tochtergesell-
schaft erst nach dem Tag der Bege-
bung der Schuldverschreibungen 
erworbenen Person bestellt wurde, 
die mit dem Erwerb zu einer Toch-
tergesellschaft wird, sofern das be-
treffende Sicherungsrecht bereits 
im Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs durch die 
Emittentin oder die Tochtergesell-
schaft bestand, es sei denn, die be-
treffende Kapitalmarktverbindlich-
keit war im Hinblick auf den bevor-
stehenden Erwerb dieser Person 
durch die Emittentin oder die Toch-
tergesellschaft begründet worden; 
oder 
 was granted over assets of a Person 
acquired by the Issuer or a Subsidi-
ary only after the issue date of the 
Notes which becomes a Subsidiary 
upon such acquisition, provided 
that the Security Interest had been 
in existence at the time of the ac-
quisition by the Issuer or the Sub-
sidiary, unless such Security Inter-
est was granted in respect of the 
impending acquisition of that Per-
son by the Issuer or the Subsidiary; 
or 
 
 
 
das von einer Tochtergesellschaft 
an ihren gegenwärtigen oder zu-
künftigen Forderungen gegen die 
Emittentin bestellt wird, die aus der 
Weiterleitung als Darlehen des Er-
löses aus der Begebung von Wert-
papieren, die in Aktien der Emitten-
tin gewandelt oder umgetauscht 
werden können, durch die Tochter-
gesellschaft entstehen, sofern die-
ses Sicherungsrecht ausschließlich 
der Durchführung der Wandlung 
oder des Umtauschs der jeweiligen 
Wertpapiere dient; oder 
 
is provided by any Subsidiary over 
any of its present or future claims 
against the Issuer arising from the 
on-lending of the proceeds from 
the issuance by the Subsidiary of 
any securities that are convertible 
or exchangeable into shares of the 
Issuer, provided that any such Secu-
rity Interest serves solely to procure 
the conversion or exchange of such 
securities; or 
 
 
 der Erneuerung, Verlängerung oder 
den Austausch irgendeines Siche-
rungsrechts gemäß vorstehend (i) 
bis (v) dient; oder 
 is provided in connection with the 
renewal, extension or replacement 
of any security pursuant to forego-
ing (i) through (v); or 
 
 
 eine 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
besichern, 
deren 
Betrag 
EUR 100.000.000 (aggregiert mit 
dem Betrag von anderen Kapital-
marktverbindlichkeiten, die ein Si-
cherungsrecht besitzen, welches 
nach den vorstehenden Unterab-
sätzen nicht erlaubt ist) oder den 
Gegenwert in anderen Währungen 
zu jeder Zeit nicht übersteigt.  
 secures a Capital Market Indebted-
ness the amount of which (when 
aggregated with the amount of any 
other Capital Market Indebtedness 
which has the benefit of a Security 
Interest not allowed under the pre-
ceding sub-paragraphs) does not 
exceed EUR 100,000,000 or its 
equivalent in other currencies at 
any time. 
 
 
Ein nach diesem § 2(b) zu leistendes Si-
cherungsrecht kann auch zu Gunsten ei-
nes Treuhänders der Anleihegläubiger 
bestellt werden. 
Any Security Interest which is to be pro-
vided in accordance with this § 2(b) may 
also be provided to a person acting as 
trustee for the Noteholders.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Im Sinne dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
bezeichnet: 
For purposes of these Terms and Condi-
tions: 
 
 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten bezeich-
net jede Verpflichtung zur Rückzahlung 
aufgenommener Gelder (einschließlich 
Verpflichtungen aus Garantien oder 
sonstigen Haftungsübernahmen für eine 
solche Verbindlichkeit eines Dritten) in 
der Form von (i) Anleihen, Schuldver-
schreibungen oder sonstigen Wertpapie-
ren, die an einer Börse, einem außerbörs-
lichen Markt oder an einem anderen an-
erkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert, zu-
gelassen oder gehandelt werden können 
und (ii) Schuldscheindarlehen. 
Capital Market Indebtedness shall mean 
any obligation for the repayment of bor-
rowed money (including obligations by 
reason of any guarantee or other as-
sumption of liability for any such obliga-
tion of a third party) in the form of (i) 
bonds, notes, debentures or any similar 
securities which are capable of being 
quoted, listed or traded on any stock ex-
change, over-the-counter market or 
other recognised securities market and 
(ii) 
promissory 
notes 
(Schuldschein 
loans).  
 
 
Person bezeichnet natürliche Personen, 
Körperschaften, Personengesellschaften, 
Joint Ventures, Vereinigungen, Aktienge-
sellschaften, Trusts, nicht rechtsfähige 
Vereinigungen, Gesellschaften mit be-
schränkter Haftung, staatliche Stellen 
(oder Behörden oder Gebietskörper-
schaften) oder sonstige Rechtsträger. 
Person means any individual, corpora-
tion, partnership, joint venture, associa-
tion, joint stock company, trust, unincor-
porated organization, limited liability 
company or government (or any agency 
or political subdivision thereof) or any 
other entity. 
 
 
Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet jede Per-
son, die bei der Erstellung der Konzern-
abschlüsse nach den in der EU anwend-
baren International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) der Emittentin mit ihr 
konsolidiert werden muss. 
Subsidiary means any Person that must 
be consolidated with the Issuer for the 
purposes of preparing consolidated fi-
nancial statements of the Issuer in ac-
cordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU. 
 
 
 Zinsen 
 Interest 
 
 
 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen 
auf ihre Festgelegte Stückelung ab dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (Verzin-
sungsbeginn) (einschließlich) bis zum 
Endfälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) 
ver-
zinst. 
 
Rate of interest and Interest Payment 
Dates. The Notes bear interest on their 
Specified Denomination from and includ-
ing [insert Interest Commencement Date] 
(Interest Commencement Date) to but 
excluding the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden mit 
jährlich [Zinssatz einfügen] % verzinst. 
Die Zinsen sind nachträglich an jedem 
Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
The Notes bear interest at the rate of [in-
sert rate of interest] per cent. per annum, 
such interest being payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
Zinszahlungstag bezeichnet den [Zins-
zahlungstag(e) einfügen] eines jeden 
Jahres, erstmals den [ersten Zinszah-
lungstag einfügen]. 
Interest Payment Date means [insert In-
terest Payment Date(s)] in each year, 
commencing on [insert first Interest Pay-
ment Date]. 
 
Im Falle ei-
ner kurzen 
oder langen 
Die erste Zinszahlung beläuft sich auf 
[anfänglichen 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
je 
The first payment of interest will amount 
to [insert initial Broken Interest Amount 
In case of a 
short or 
long first

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
ersten Zins-
periode gilt 
Folgendes: 
Festgelegter Stückelung einfügen] je 
Festgelegter Stückelung. 
per Specified Denomination] per Speci-
fied Denomination.  
coupon the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Sofern der 
Endfällig-
keitstag kein 
Zinszah-
lungstag ist, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum ab dem [den 
letzten dem Endfälligkeitstag vorausge-
henden Zinszahlungstag einfügen] (ein-
schließlich) bis zum Endfälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) belaufen sich auf [ab-
schließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Fest-
gelegter Stückelung einfügen] je Festge-
legter Stückelung und sind nachträglich 
am Endfälligkeitstag zahlbar. 
Interest in respect of the period from and 
including [insert Interest Payment Date 
preceding the Maturity Date] to but ex-
cluding the Maturity Date will amount to 
[insert final Broken Interest Amount per 
Specified Denomination] per Specified 
Denomination, such interest being paya-
ble in arrear on the Maturity Date. 
If the Ma-
turity Date 
is not an In-
terest Pay-
ment Date, 
the follow-
ing applies: 
 
 Zinstagequotient. Zinsen für einen belie-
bigen Zeitraum (ausgenommen ist ein et-
waiger Zeitraum, für den ein Bruchteil-
zinsbetrag festgelegt ist) werden auf der 
Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten be-
rechnet. 
 Day Count Fraction. If interest is required 
to be calculated for any period of time 
(other than any period of time for which 
a broken interest amount has been 
fixed), such interest shall be calculated 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction. 
 
 
Zinstagequotient bezeichnet bei der Be-
rechnung des Zinsbetrages für einen be-
liebigen Zeitraum (ab dem ersten Tag 
dieses Zeitraums (einschließlich) bis zum 
letzten Tag dieses Zeitraums (ausschließ-
lich)) (Zinsberechnungszeitraum): 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of 
the calculation of an amount of interest 
on any Note for any period of time (from 
and including the first day of such period 
to but excluding the last day of such pe-
riod) (Calculation Period): 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / Ac-
tual (ICMA)" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeit-
raum der Feststellungsperiode ent-
spricht, in die er fällt, oder kürzer 
als diese ist, die Anzahl von Tagen in 
dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum divi-
diert durch das Produkt aus (A) der 
Anzahl von Tagen in der betreffen-
den Feststellungsperiode und (B) 
der Anzahl der Feststellungsperio-
den, die üblicherweise in einem 
Jahr enden; und 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to 
or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the 
number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (A) 
the number of days in such Deter-
mination Period and (B) the num-
ber of Determination Periods nor-
mally ending in any year; and 
If "Actual / 
Actual 
(ICMA)" ap-
plies, the 
following 
applies: 
 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeit-
raum länger als eine Feststellungs-
periode ist, die Summe aus 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer 
than one Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
 
(A) 
der Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, 
in der der Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraum beginnt, dividiert 
durch das Produkt aus (1) 
der Anzahl der Tage in der 
betreffenden Feststellungs-
periode und (2) der Anzahl 
der Feststellungsperioden, 
(A) 
the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in 
the Determination Period in 
which the Calculation Pe-
riod begins divided by the 
product of (1) the number 
of days in such Determina-
tion Period and (2) the 
number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in 
any year; and

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
die üblicherweise in einem 
Jahr enden; und 
 
(B) 
die Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum, die in die 
nachfolgende Feststellungs-
periode fallen, dividiert 
durch das Produkt aus (1) 
der Anzahl der Tage in der 
betreffenden Feststellungs-
periode und (2) der Anzahl 
der Feststellungsperioden, 
die üblicherweise in einem 
Jahr enden. 
(B) 
the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in 
the next Determination Pe-
riod divided by the product 
of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of De-
termination Periods nor-
mally ending in any year 
 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
 
 
Feststellungstermin bezeichnet je-
den [Feststellungstermin(e) einfü-
gen];  
Determination Date means each 
[insert Determination Date(s)]; 
 
 
Feststellungsperiode bezeichnet je-
den Zeitraum ab einem Feststel-
lungstermin (einschließlich), der in 
ein beliebiges Jahr fällt, bis zum 
nächsten Feststellungstermin (aus-
schließlich). 
Determination Period means each 
period from and including a Deter-
mination Date in any year to but ex-
cluding the next Determination 
Date. 
 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / Ac-
tual (ISDA)" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Zins-
berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
365 (oder, falls ein Teil dieses Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraumes in ein Schaltjahr 
fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen 
Anzahl der Tage in dem Teil des Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraums, die in das Schalt-
jahr fallen, dividiert durch 366 und (B) die 
tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage in dem Teil 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht 
in ein Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 
365). 
the actual number of days in the Calcula-
tion Period divided by 365 (or, if any por-
tion of that Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual num-
ber of days in that portion of the Calcula-
tion Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period 
not falling in a leap year divided by 365). 
If "Actual / 
Actual 
(ISDA)" ap-
plies, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
365 (Fixed)" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes:
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Zins-
berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
365. 
the actual number of days in the Calcula-
tion Period divided by 365. 
If "Actual / 
365 
(Fixed)" ap-
plies, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
360" Me-
thode an-
wendbar ist, 
gilt Folgen-
des:
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Zins-
berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
360. 
the actual number of days in the Calcula-
tion Period divided by 360. 
If "Actual / 
360" ap-
plies, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"30 / 
360"oder 
"360 / 360" 
oder Bond 
Basis Me-
thode an-
wendbar ist, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraum dividiert durch 360, (wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf Grundlage eines Jah-
res von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten je 
30 Tagen zu berechnen ist, (es sei denn, 
(A) der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Mo-
nats, während der erste Tag des Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. 
noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt; 
in diesem Fall ist der Monat des letzten 
Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat 
zu behandeln; oder (B) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 
letzten Tag des Monats Februar; in die-
sem Fall ist der Monat Februar nicht als 
ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu 
behandeln). 
the number of days in the Calculation Pe-
riod divided by 360 (the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with 12 30-day months (unless 
(A) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the 31st day of a month but the first 
day of the Calculation Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a 
month, in which case the month that in-
cludes that last day shall not be consid-
ered to be shortened to a 30-day month, 
or (B) the last day of the Calculation Pe-
riod is the last day of the month of Feb-
ruary, in which case the month of Febru-
ary shall not be considered to be length-
ened to a 30-day month). 
If "30 / 
360" or 
"360 / 360" 
or Bond Ba-
sis applies, 
the follow-
ing applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"30E / 360" 
oder "Euro-
bond Basis" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraum, dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist 
die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage ei-
nes Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 Mona-
ten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar 
ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums des 
ersten oder letzten Tages des Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraumes). 
the number of days in the Calculation Pe-
riod divided by 360 (the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with 12 30-day months, without 
regard to the date of the first day or last 
day of the Calculation Period). 
If "30E / 
360" or 
"Eurobond 
Basis" ap-
plies, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
Ende des Zinslaufs. Der Zinslauf der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet an dem 
Ende des Tages, der dem Tag vorausgeht, 
an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig wer-
den. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldver-
schreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht zurück-
zahlt, endet die Verzinsung des ausste-
henden Nennbetrags der Schuldver-
schreibungen nicht am Tag vor dem Fäl-
ligkeitstag, sondern erst an dem Ende des 
Tages, der dem Tag der tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen 
vorausgeht. Der jeweils geltende Zinssatz 
wird gemäß diesem § 3 bestimmt. 
 
Cessation of Interest Accrual. The Notes 
shall cease to bear interest from the end 
of the day preceding their due date for 
redemption. If the Issuer fails to redeem 
the Notes when due, interest shall con-
tinue to accrue on the outstanding prin-
cipal amount of the Notes beyond the 
due date until the end of the day preced-
ing the actual redemption of the Notes. 
The applicable rate of interest will be de-
termined in accordance with this § 3. 
This does not affect any additional rights 
that might be available to the Notehold-
ers.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Weitergehende Ansprüche der Anleihe-
gläubiger bleiben unberührt. 
Wenn "An-
passung des 
Zinssatzes" 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
 Anpassung des Zinssatzes. Der auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlende Zins-
satz wird im Fall einer Zinserhöhenden 
Ratingänderung oder einer Zinssenken-
den Ratingänderung (jeweils wie nach-
stehend definiert) folgendermaßen an-
gepasst: 
 Adjustment of rate of interest. The rate 
of interest payable on the Notes will be 
subject to adjustment in the event of an 
Interest-Step-Up-Event or an Interest-
Step-Down-Event (each as defined be-
low), as follows: 
If "Adjust-
ment of 
rate of in-
terest" ap-
plies, the 
following 
applies: 
 
(i) 
vorbehaltlich der nachstehenden 
Absätze (iii) und (iv), entspricht der 
Zinssatz mit Wirkung vom (ein-
schließlich) ersten Zinszahlungstag, 
der auf den Tag der Zinserhöhen-
den Ratingänderung (wie unten de-
finiert) oder danach fällt, bis zum 
Fälligkeitsdatum 
(ausschließlich) 
(vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen 
im nachstehenden Absatz (ii)) der 
Summe aus dem Zinssatz wie vor-
stehend in § 3(a) festgelegt und der 
Zinserhöhenden Rate (wie nachste-
hend definiert). 
 
Subject to paragraph (iii) and (iv) 
below, the rate of interest shall be 
the sum of the rate of interest as set 
out in § 3(a) above and the Step up 
Rate (as defined below) with effect 
from and including the first Interest 
Payment Date falling on or after the 
Date of the Interest-Step-Up-Event 
(as defined below) to but excluding 
the Maturity Date (subject to the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) below). 
 
 
(ii) 
Vorbehaltlich der nachstehenden 
Absätze (iii) und (iv) entspricht der 
Zinssatz mit Wirkung vom (ein-
schließlich) ersten Zinszahlungstag, 
der auf den Tag einer Zinssenken-
den Ratingänderung oder danach 
fällt, bis zum Fälligkeitstag (aus-
schließlich) dem Zinssatz wie vor-
stehend in § 3(a) festgelegt. 
 
Subject to paragraphs (iii) and (iv) 
below, the rate of interest shall be 
the rate of interest as set out in § 
3(a) above with effect from and in-
cluding the first Interest Payment 
Date falling on or after the Date of 
the Interest-Step-Down-Event to 
but excluding the Maturity Date. 
 
 
(iii) Wenn während der selben Zinsperi-
ode zunächst ein Tag der Zinserhö-
henden Ratingänderung und dann 
ein Tag der Zinssenkenden Ratin-
gänderung eintritt, wird der auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlende 
Zinssatz auf Grund dieser Ereignisse 
weder erhöht noch verringert. 
 If first a Date of the Interest-Step-
Up-Event and, secondly, a Date of 
the Interest-Step-Down-Event oc-
cur during the same interest period, 
the rate of interest payable on the 
Notes shall neither be increased 
nor decreased as result of either 
such events. 
 
 
(iv) Wurde der auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen zu zahlende Zinssatz auf-
grund einer Zinserhöhenden Ratin-
gänderung bereits erhöht, erfolgt 
keine weitere Erhöhung infolge 
weiterer Zinserhöhenden Ratingän-
derungen. 
 If the rate of interest payable on the 
Notes has already been increased 
due to an Interest-Step-Up-Event, 
no further increase will be made as 
a result of any further Interest-
Step-Up-Events. 
 
 
(v) 
Die Emittentin wird den Eintritt ei-
nes Ereignisses, das zu einer Anpas-
sung des auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen zu zahlenden Zinssatzes 
 
The Issuer will promptly notify the 
occurrence of an event giving rise 
to an adjustment in the rate of in-
terest payable on the Notes

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
gemäß diesem § 3(d) führt, unver-
züglich der Emissionsstelle mittei-
len und unverzüglich, nachdem sie 
von dem Eintritt des Ereignisses 
Kenntnis erlangt hat, aber jeden-
falls nicht später als am siebten Tag 
nach Kenntniserlangung, eine ent-
sprechende Mitteilung gemäß § 12 
veröffentlichen. 
pursuant to this § 3(d) to the Fiscal 
Agent and will cause notice thereof 
to be published in accordance with 
§ 12 promptly upon becoming 
aware of such event, but in no 
event later than the seventh day 
thereafter. 
 
Investment-Grade-Rating 
bezeichnet 
ein den Schuldverschreibungen zugewie-
senes Rating von (i) mindestens "Baa3" 
von Moody’s, (ii) mindestens "BBB-" von 
S&P oder (iii) mindestens "BBB-" von 
Fitch. 
Investment Grade Rating means a rating 
assigned to the Notes of (i) at least 
"Baa3" from Moody’s, (ii) at least "BBB-" 
from S&P or (iii) at least "BBB-" from 
Fitch. 
 
 
Rating Agentur bezeichnet Moody’s In-
vestors Services Limited ("Moody’s"), 
Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings Europe 
Ltd. ("S&P") oder Fitch Ratings Ltd, Lon-
don ("Fitch") oder einer ihrer jeweiligen 
Nachfolger. 
Rating Agency means Moody’s Investors 
Services Limited ("Moody’s"), Standard 
& Poor’s Global Ratings Europe Ltd. 
("S&P") or Fitch Ratings Ltd, London 
("Fitch") or any of their respective suc-
cessors. 
 
 
Zinserhöhende Rate bedeutet 1,25 % per 
annum. 
Step Up Rate means 1.25% per annum. 
 
 
Eine Zinserhöhende Ratingänderung er-
folgt, wenn ein angefordertes Rating, das 
zuvor von einer Rating-Agentur den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zugewiesen 
wurde, (i) zurückgenommen oder (ii) von 
einem Investment-Grade-Rating (wie 
vorstehend definiert) in ein Non-Invest-
ment-Grade-Rating (Ba1 von Moody's 
oder BB+ von Fitch oder BB+ von S&P 
oder schlechter) geändert wird. Für den 
Fall, dass die Geschäftstätigkeit einer Ra-
tingagentur eingestellt wird oder eine 
Ratingagentur ihre Lizenz zur Vergabe ei-
nes Ratings für die Schuldverschreibun-
gen gemäß geltendem Recht verliert und 
die betreffende Ratingagentur in jedem 
dieser Fälle die Vergabe eines Rating der 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht fortsetzt, 
so gilt die Beendigung des Ratings der 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht als Rück-
nahme des Ratings der Schuldverschrei-
bungen im Sinne des vorstehenden Sat-
zes. 
A Step Up Rating Change shall occur if 
any solicited rating previously assigned 
to the Notes by any Rating Agency is (i) 
withdrawn or (ii) changed from an In-
vestment Grade Rating (as defined 
above) to a non-investment grade rating 
(Ba1 by Moody’s or BB+ by Fitch or BB+ 
by S&P, or worse). In case that a cessa-
tion of the business operations of any 
Rating Agency occurs or if any Rating 
Agency forfeits its license to assign a rat-
ing to the Notes as required by applicable 
law and if, in each case, the concerned 
Rating Agency does not continue to as-
sign a rating to the Notes, such cessation 
of the rating of the Notes shall not be 
deemed to be a withdrawal of the rating 
for the Notes within the meaning of the 
preceding sentence. 
 
 
Ein Zinserhöhendes Ereignis tritt an dem 
Tag (Tag des Zinserhöhenden Ereignis-
ses) ein, der drei Monate nach dem Tag 
liegt, an dem eine Ratingagentur (wie 
vorstehend definiert) eine Zinserhö-
hende Ratingänderung (wie vorstehend 
An Interest-Step-Up-Event shall occur on 
the date (Date of the Interest-Step-Up-
Event) falling three months after the 
date on which a Rating Agency (as de-
fined above) has publicly announced a 
Step Up Rating Change (as defined

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
definiert) öffentlich bekannt gegeben hat 
(dies gilt für den Fall, dass die Emittentin 
über mehr als ein angefordertes Rating 
von mehr als einer Ratingagentur ver-
fügt, jedoch nur, sofern zumindest eine 
weitere Ratingagentur zuvor oder am 
selben Tag eine Zinserhöhende Ratingän-
derung öffentlich bekannt gegeben hat), 
es sei denn, diese Ratingagentur hat der 
Emittentin vor dem Datum des Zinserhö-
henden 
Ereignisse 
ein 
Investment-
Grade-Rating zugewiesen. 
above) (but, if the Issuer has more than 
one solicited rating from more than one 
Rating Agency, only to the extent that at 
least one further Rating Agency previ-
ously or on the same day publicly an-
nounced a Step Up Rating Change), un-
less such Rating Agency has reassigned 
to the Issuer an Investment Grade Rating 
before the Date of the Interest-Step-Up-
Event. 
 
Ein Zinssenkendes Ereignis tritt an dem 
Tag (Tag des Zinssenkenden Ereignisses) 
ein, der auf den Tag fällt, an dem eine Ra-
ting-Agentur öffentlich eine Zinssen-
kende Ratingänderung (wie nachstehend 
definiert) bekannt gegeben hat (dies gilt 
für den Fall, dass die Emittentin über 
mehr als ein angefordertes Rating von 
mehr als einer Ratingagentur verfügt, je-
doch nur, sofern zumindest eine weitere 
Ratingagentur zuvor oder am selben Tag 
eine Zinssenkende Ratingänderung öf-
fentlich bekannt gegeben hat). 
An Interest-Step-Down-Event shall occur 
on the date (Date of the Interest-Step-
Down-Event) falling on the date on 
which a Rating Agency has publicly an-
nounced a Step Down Rating Change (as 
defined below) (but, if the Issuer has 
more than one solicited rating from more 
than one Rating Agency, only to the ex-
tent that at least one further Rating 
Agency previously or on the same day 
publicly announced a Step Down Rating 
Change). 
 
 
Eine Zinssenkende Ratingänderung tritt 
ein, wenn (i) ein angefordertes Rating, 
das den Schuldverschreibungen zuvor 
von einer Ratingagentur zugewiesen 
wurde, von einem Non-Investment-
Grade-Rating (Ba1 von Moody's oder 
BB+ von Fitch oder BB+ von S&P oder 
schlechter) in ein Investment-Grade-Ra-
ting geändert wird oder (ii) wenn eine 
Rating-Agentur, die den Schuldverschrei-
bungen zuvor kein angefordertes Rating 
zugewiesen hat, den Schuldverschrei-
bungen ein Investment-Grade-Rating zu-
weist. 
A Step Down Rating Change shall occur 
if (i) any solicited rating previously as-
signed to the Notes by any Rating Agency 
is changed from a non-investment grade 
rating (Ba1 by Moody’s, or BB+ by Fitch 
or BB+ by S&P, or worse) to an Invest-
ment Grade Rating or (ii) if a Rating 
Agency that had not previously assigned 
a solicited rating to the Notes assigns an 
Investment Grade Rating to the Notes. 
 
 
 Rückzahlung 
 Redemption 
 
 
 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit 
nicht zuvor bereits insgesamt oder teil-
weise zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und 
eingezogen, werden die Schuldverschrei-
bungen zu ihrem Nennbetrag am [Endfäl-
ligkeitstag einfügen] (Endfälligkeitstag) 
zurückgezahlt.  
 
Redemption at maturity. To the extent 
not previously redeemed in whole or in 
part, or purchased and cancelled the 
Notes shall be redeemed at their princi-
pal amount on [insert Maturity Date] 
(Maturity Date).  
 
 
 Vorzeitige Rückzahlung wegen des Ein-
tritts eines Gross-up-Ereignisses. 
 Early redemption following a Gross up 
Event. 
 
 
Sofern ein Gross-up-Ereignis (wie nach-
stehend 
definiert) 
eintritt, 
ist 
die 
If a Gross up Event (as defined below) oc-
curs, the Issuer may, upon giving a notice

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Emittentin berechtigt, die Schuldver-
schreibungen (insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
nur teilweise) durch Kündigungserklä-
rung gemäß § 4(d) jederzeit mit Wirkung 
zu dem in der Kündigungserklärung ge-
mäß § 4(d) festgelegten Rückzahlungstag 
zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu kündigen. 
Wenn die Emittentin ihr Kündigungs-
recht gemäß § 4(b) Satz 1 ausübt, ist die 
Emittentin verpflichtet, jede Schuldver-
schreibung an dem in der Kündigungser-
klärung festgelegten Rückzahlungstag zu 
ihrer Festgelegten Stückelung zuzüglich 
der bis zum festgelegten Rückzahlungs-
tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
of redemption in accordance with § 4(d), 
call the Notes for early redemption (in 
whole but not in part) at any time with 
effect on the redemption date specified 
in the notice in accordance with § 4(d). If 
the Issuer exercises its call right in ac-
cordance with sentence 1 of § 4(b), the 
Issuer shall redeem each Note at its Spec-
ified Denomination together with inter-
est accrued to but excluding the redemp-
tion date specified in the notice on the 
redemption date specified in the notice. 
 
Eine solche Kündigungserklärung darf 
nicht früher als 90 Tage vor dem Tag er-
folgen, an dem die Emittentin erstmals 
verpflichtet wäre, Zusätzliche Beträge 
(wie in § 6 definiert) zu zahlen. 
No such notice of redemption shall be 
given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be for the first time obliged to pay any 
Additional Amounts (as defined in § 6). 
 
Ein Gross-up-Ereignis tritt ein, wenn der 
Emittentin ein Gutachten einer aner-
kannten Anwaltskanzlei vorliegt (und die 
Emittentin der Emissionsstelle eine Kopie 
davon gibt), aus dem hervorgeht, dass 
die Emittentin aufgrund einer an oder 
nach dem Tag der Begebung der letzten 
Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen in 
Kraft tretenden Änderung oder Klarstel-
lung der Gesetze, Verordnungen oder 
sonstigen Vorschriften des Staats, in dem 
die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist, ei-
ner seiner Gebietskörperschaften oder 
einer seiner zur Erhebung von Steuern 
berechtigten Behörden oder sonstigen 
Stellen (einschließlich des Falles, dass die 
betreffende Änderung oder Klarstellung 
rückwirkend Anwendung findet), oder 
aufgrund einer Änderung der Auslegung 
oder Anwendung, oder aufgrund einer 
erstmaligen Auslegung oder Anwendung 
dieser Gesetze, Verordnungen oder 
sonstigen Vorschriften durch eine ge-
setzgebende Körperschaft, ein Gericht 
oder eine Behörde (einschließlich des Er-
lasses von Gesetzen sowie der Bekannt-
machung von Entscheidungen eines Ge-
richts oder einer Behörde) verpflichtet ist 
oder verpflichtet sein wird, Zusätzliche 
Beträge gemäß § 6 auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen zu zahlen, und die Emitten-
tin diese Verpflichtung nicht abwenden 
kann, indem sie Maßnahmen ergreift, die 
A Gross up Event will occur if an opinion 
of a recognised law firm has been deliv-
ered to the Issuer (and the Issuer has 
provided the Fiscal Agent with a copy 
thereof) stating that, as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarification 
to, the laws, regulations or other rules of 
the Issuer's country of domicile for tax 
purposes, any of its political subdivisions 
or any authority or any other agency of 
or in such country having power to tax 
(including in case any such change, 
amendment or clarification has retroac-
tive effect), or as a result of any change 
in, or amendment or clarification to, the 
interpretation or application, or as a re-
sult of any interpretation or application 
made for the first time, of any such laws, 
regulations or other rules by any legisla-
tive body, court or authority (including 
the enactment of any legislation and the 
publication of any decision of any court 
or authority), which change or amend-
ment becomes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the last tranche of the 
Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay Additional Amounts pur-
suant to § 6 on the Notes, and that obli-
gation cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking such measures it (acting in good 
faith) deems reasonable and appropri-
ate.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
sie nach Treu und Glauben für zumutbar 
und angemessen hält. 
 
 
[Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin] [Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der Emittentin].  
 
[No early redemption at the option of the 
Issuer] [Early redemption at the option of 
the Issuer].  
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
kein Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
§ 4(c) vorzei-
tig zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgendes:
Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vor dem Endfäl-
ligkeitstag zurückzuzahlen, außer nach 
Maßgabe von § 4(b). 
The Issuer is not entitled to call the Notes 
prior to the Maturity Date, otherwise 
than provided in § 4(b). 
If Notes are 
not subject 
to early re-
demption 
pursuant to 
§ 4(c), the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach ei-
gener Wahl 
zum Make-
Whole Rück-
zahlungsbe-
trag vorzei-
tig zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
[(i)] 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insge-
samt und nicht nur teilweise) 
durch Kündigungserklärung ge-
mäß § 4(d) jederzeit mit Wirkung 
zu dem in der Kündigungserklä-
rung gemäß § 4(d) festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn 
die Emittentin ihr Kündigungs-
recht gemäß § 4(c)[(i)] Satz 1 aus-
übt, ist die Emittentin verpflich-
tet, jede Schuldverschreibung an 
dem in der Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß § 4(d) festgelegten Rück-
zahlungstag zu ihrem Make-
Whole Rückzahlungsbetrag zu-
züglich der bis zum Rückzahlungs-
tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufe-
nen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
[(i)] 
The Issuer may, upon giving a no-
tice of redemption in accordance 
with § 4(d), call the Notes for 
early redemption (in whole but 
not in part) at any time with effect 
on the redemption date specified 
in the notice in accordance with 
§ 4(d). If the Issuer exercises its 
call right in accordance with sen-
tence 1 of § 4(c)[(i)], the Issuer 
shall redeem each Note at its 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Amount together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the re-
demption date specified in the 
notice in accordance with § 4(d) 
on the redemption date specified 
in the notice in accordance with 
§ 4(d). 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Issuer at 
the Make-
Whole Re-
demption 
Amount, 
the follow-
ing applies: 
 
Der Make-Whole Rückzahlungs-
betrag je Schuldverschreibung 
entspricht dem höheren von: 
The Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount per Note shall be the 
higher of: 
 
 
(i) 
der Festgelegten Stücke-
lung; oder 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination; 
or 
 
 
(ii) 
dem 
Abgezinsten 
Marktwert. 
(ii) 
the Present Value. 
 
 
Der Make-Whole Rückzahlungs-
betrag wird von der Make-Whole 
Berechnungsstelle berechnet. 
The Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount shall be calculated by the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent. 
 
 
Der Abgezinste Marktwert ist die 
Summe aus 
The Present Value will be the sum 
of

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
(a) 
dem auf den Rückzahlungs-
tag abgezinsten Wert des 
Nennbetrags der zurückzu-
zahlenden Schuldverschrei-
bung, der ansonsten am 
Endfälligkeitstag fällig wer-
den würde; und 
(a) 
the Specified Denomination 
to be redeemed which 
would otherwise become 
due on the Maturity Date, 
discounted to the redemp-
tion date; and 
 
 
(b) den jeweils auf den Rückzah-
lungstag abgezinsten Wer-
ten der verbleibenden Zins-
zahlungen, die ansonsten an 
jedem Zinszahlungstag nach 
dem Rückzahlungstag bis 
zum Endfälligkeitstag (ein-
schließlich) fällig werden 
würden (ausschließlich et-
waiger, bis zum Rückzah-
lungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen). 
(b) the remaining interest pay-
ments which would other-
wise become due on each 
Interest Payment Date fall-
ing after the redemption 
date to and including the 
Maturity Date (excluding 
any interest accrued to but 
excluding the redemption 
date), each discounted to 
the redemption date. 
 
 
Die Make-Whole Berechnungs-
stelle errechnet den Abgezinsten 
Marktwert gemäß der Marktkon-
vention auf einer Grundlage, die 
der Berechnung von Zinsen ge-
mäß § 3 entspricht, wobei sie die 
Benchmark-Rendite 
zuzüglich 
[Prozentsatz 
einfügen]% 
zu-
grunde legt. 
The 
Make-Whole 
Calculation 
Agent will calculate the Present 
Value in accordance with market 
convention on a basis which is 
consistent with the calculation of 
interest as set out in § 3, using the 
Benchmark Yield plus [insert per-
centage] per cent. 
 
 
Die Benchmark-Rendite bezeich-
net die am Rückzahlungs-Berech-
nungstag bestehende Rendite der 
entsprechenden [einfügen: [Euro-
Referenz-Anleihe der Bundesre-
publik Deutschland] [andere Re-
ferenzanleihe] unter Angabe fol-
gender Einzelheiten: ISIN oder an-
dere Wertpapierkennung, wie ge-
gen 12:00 Uhr mittags [(Frankfur-
ter Zeit)] [andere relevante Zeit-
zone] an diesem Tag auf der 
Bloomberg Seite [ISIN] Govt HP 
(unter Nutzung der Einstellung 
"Last Yield to Convention" und 
der Preisquelle ["FRNK"] [andere 
relevante Preisquelle]) abgelesen, 
oder wie von einer anderen, 
durch die Make-Whole Berech-
nungsstelle festgelegten, Quelle 
hergeleitet oder veröffentlicht] 
oder sollte die Rendite zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt nicht verfügbar sein, 
bezeichnet die Benchmark-Ren-
dite 
eine 
ersetzende 
The Benchmark Yield means the 
yield at the Redemption Calcula-
tion Date of the corresponding 
[insert [euro denominated bench-
mark debt security of the Federal 
Republic of Germany] [other rele-
vant benchmark] specifying the 
following details: ISIN or other se-
curities code, as observed at 
around noon [(Frankfurt time)] 
[other relevant time] on such 
date on Bloomberg page [ISIN] 
Govt HP (using the setting "Last 
Yield to Convention" and using 
the 
pricing 
source 
["FRNK"] 
[other source as relevant]), or as 
derived or published by such 
other source as determined by 
the 
Make-Whole 
Calculation 
Agent], and if such yield is not 
available at that time the Bench-
mark Yield shall be the yield of a 
substitute benchmark security 
chosen by the Make-Whole Cal-
culation Agent, in each case as

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Referenzanleihe, die von der 
Make-Whole Berechnungsstelle 
festgesetzt wird, die jeweils mit 
einer Laufzeit, die mit der verblei-
benden Restlaufzeit der Schuld-
verschreibung bis zum Endfällig-
keitstag vergleichbar ist, und die 
im Zeitpunkt der Auswahlent-
scheidung und entsprechend der 
üblichen Finanzmarktpraxis zur 
Preisbestimmung bei Neuemissi-
onen von Unternehmensanleihen 
mit einer bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung 
ver-
gleichbaren Laufzeit verwendet 
werden würde. 
having a maturity comparable to 
the remaining term of the Note to 
the Maturity Date, and that 
would be used at the time of se-
lection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate 
debt securities of comparable 
maturity to the Maturity Date. 
 
Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag 
ist der zehnte Geschäftstag vor 
dem Tag, an dem die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 4(c)(i) zurückgezahlt werden. 
Redemption Calculation Date 
means the tenth Business Day 
prior to the date on which the 
Notes are redeemed in accord-
ance with this § 4(c)(i). 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach ei-
gener Wahl 
an Call-
Rückzah-
lungstag(e) 
vorzeitig zu-
rückzuzah-
len, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
[(ii)] 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insge-
samt und nicht nur teilweise) 
durch Kündigungserklärung ge-
mäß § 4(d) mit Wirkung zu dem / 
den Call-Rückzahlungstag(en) zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu kündi-
gen. Wenn die Emittentin ihr Kün-
digungsrecht gemäß § 4(c)[(ii)] 
Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
jede 
Schuldver-
schreibung an dem in der Kündi-
gungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) 
festgelegten 
Call-Rückzahlungs-
tag zu ihrem jeweiligen Call-Rück-
zahlungsbetrag zuzüglich der bis 
zu dem in der Kündigungserklä-
rung gemäß § 4(d) festgelegten 
Call-Rückzahlungstag (ausschließ-
lich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurück-
zuzahlen. 
[(ii)] 
The Issuer may, upon giving a no-
tice of redemption in accordance 
with § 4(d), call the Notes for 
early redemption (in whole but 
not in part) with effect on the Call 
Redemption Date(s). If the Issuer 
exercises its call right in accord-
ance 
with 
sentence 
1 
of 
§ 4(c)[(ii)], the Issuer shall redeem 
each Note at its Call Redemption 
Amount together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the Call 
Redemption Date specified in the 
notice in accordance with § 4(d) 
on the Call Redemption Date 
specified in the notice in accord-
ance with § 4(d). 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Issuer on 
Call Re-
demption 
Date(s), the 
following 
applies: 
 
Call-Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) 
Call-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag 
Call  
Redemption 
Date(s) 
Call  
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
 
[Call-Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) einfügen] 
[Call-Rückzahlungs-
betrag/ beträge ein-
fügen] 
[insert Call Re-
demption Date(s)] 
[insert Call Redemp-
tion Amount(s)]

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Falls die An-
leihegläubi-
ger eben-
falls ein 
Recht ha-
ben, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen vorzeitig 
zu kündigen, 
gilt Folgen-
des:
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldver-
schreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
bereits der Anleihegläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Rechts gemäß 
§ 4(e) verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior 
exercise 
by 
the 
Noteholder 
thereof of its option to require 
the redemption of such Note in 
accordance with § 4(e). 
If Notes are 
also subject 
to early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Notehold-
ers, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen wäh-
rend einer 
Call-Rück-
zahlungspe-
riode nach 
eigener 
Wahl vorzei-
tig zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
[(iii)] Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insge-
samt und nicht nur teilweise) 
durch Kündigungserklärung ge-
mäß § 4(d) mit Wirkung zu dem 
Call-Rückzahlungstag zur vorzeiti-
gen Rückzahlung zu kündigen. 
Wenn die Emittentin ihr Kündi-
gungsrecht gemäß § 4(c)[(iii)] Satz 
1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin ver-
pflichtet, jede Schuldverschrei-
bung an dem Call-Rückzahlungs-
tag zu ihrem jeweiligen Call-Rück-
zahlungsbetrag zuzüglich der bis 
zu 
dem 
Call-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.  
[(iii)] The Issuer may, upon giving a no-
tice of redemption in accordance 
with § 4(d), call the Notes for 
early redemption (in whole but 
not in part) with effect on the Call 
Redemption Date. If the Issuer ex-
ercises its call right in accordance 
with sentence 1 of § 4(c)[(iii)], the 
Issuer shall redeem each Note at 
its Call Redemption Amount to-
gether with interest accrued to 
but excluding the Call Redemp-
tion Date on the Call Redemption 
Date. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Issuer dur-
ing Call Re-
demption 
Period, the 
following 
applies: 
 
Call-Rückzahlungstag bezeichnet 
einen Geschäftstag innerhalb ei-
ner Call-Rückzahlungsperiode. 
Call Redemption Date means 
each Business Day within the Call 
Redemption Period(s) as selected 
by the Issuer. 
 
 
Call- Rückzahlungs-
periode 
Call-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag 
Call Redemption  
Period(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
 
[Call- Rückzahlungs-
periode einfügen] 
[Call-Rückzahlungs-
betrag/ beträge ein-
fügen] 
[insert Call Redemp-
tion Period(s)] 
[insert Call Redemp-
tion Amount(s)] 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die An-
leihegläubi-
ger eben-
falls ein 
Recht ha-
ben, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen vorzeitig 
zu kündigen, 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldver-
schreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
bereits der Anleihegläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Rechts gemäß 
§ 4(e) verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior 
exercise 
by 
the 
Noteholder 
thereof of its option to require 
the redemption of such Note in 
accordance with § 4(e). 
If Notes are 
also subject 
to early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Notehold-
ers, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies:

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
gilt Folgen-
des:
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Wahl-
recht hat, 
die Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen vor-
zeitig bei 
Eintritt ei-
nes transak-
tionsbezo-
genen Ereig-
nisses zum 
Ereignis-
Wahlrück-
zahlungsbe-
trag zurück-
zuzahlen, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
[(iv)] Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insge-
samt oder teilweise) durch eine 
Transaktions-Mitteilung 
gemäß 
den nachstehend aufgeführten 
Bedingungen und gemäß § 4(d) 
mit Wirkung zu dem Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zur vorzei-
tigen Rückzahlung zu kündigen. 
Wenn die Emittentin ihr Kündi-
gungsrecht gemäß § 4(c)[(iv)] Satz 
1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin ver-
pflichtet, jede zurückzuzahlende 
Schuldverschreibung an dem Er-
eignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
zum Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag zuzüglich der bis zum Er-
eignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.  
[(iv)] The Issuer may, upon giving a 
Transaction Trigger Notice in ac-
cordance with the requirements 
set out below and in accordance 
with § 4(d), call the Notes for 
early redemption (in whole or in 
part) with effect on the Trigger 
Call Redemption Date. If the Is-
suer exercises its call right in ac-
cordance with sentence 1 of 
§ 4(c)[(iv)], the Issuer shall re-
deem each Note to be redeemed 
at the Trigger Call Redemption 
Amount together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the Trig-
ger Call Redemption Date on the 
Trigger Call Redemption Date. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
issuer upon 
occurrence 
of a trans-
action re-
lated event, 
the follow-
ing applies: 
 
Transaktion 
bezeichnet 
[Be-
schreibung der geplanten Trans-
aktion für deren Finanzierung die 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben 
werden].  
Transaction means [insert de-
scription of envisaged transaction 
for which the Notes are intended 
to be issued for refinancing pur-
poses]. 
 
 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist be-
zeichnet den Zeitraum ab dem 
[Begebungstag einfügen] bis zum 
[Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfü-
gen]. 
Transaction Notice Period means 
the period from [insert issue date] 
to [insert end of period date]. 
 
 
Transaktions-Mitteilung bezeich-
net eine Mitteilung der Emittentin 
an die Anleihegläubiger gemäß 
§ 4(d) und § 12 innerhalb der 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist, dass 
die Transaktion vor ihrem Ab-
schluss beendet wurde oder dass 
die Transaktion aus irgendeinem 
Grund nicht durchgeführt wird 
oder dass die Emittentin öffent-
lich erklärt hat, dass sie nicht län-
ger beabsichtigt, die Transaktion 
zu verfolgen. Die Transaktions-
Mitteilung hat ferner den Ereig-
nis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zu be-
zeichnen.  
Transaction 
Trigger 
Notice 
means a notice to the Notehold-
ers given in accordance with 
§ 4(d) and § 12 within the Trans-
action Notice Period that the 
Transaction has been terminated 
prior to its completion or that the 
Transaction will not be settled for 
any reason whatsoever or that 
the Issuer has publicly stated that 
it no longer intends to pursue the 
Transaction. The Transaction Trig-
ger Notice shall also specify the 
Trigger Redemption Date.  
 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht 
zur vorzeitigen Kündigung der 
At any time the Issuer may waive 
its right to call the Notes for

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Ein-
tritt eines der oben bezeichneten 
Ereignisse 
durch 
Bekanntma-
chung gemäß § 12 verzichten. 
redemption following the occur-
rence of one of the events de-
tailed above, by giving notice in 
accordance with § 12. 
 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag je Schuldverschreibung ist 
gleich [●] % der Festgelegten Stü-
ckelung.  
Trigger Call Redemption Amount 
per Note means [●] per cent. of 
the Specified Denomination. 
 
 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
bezeichnet den in der Transakti-
ons-Mitteilung festgelegten Rück-
zahlungstag. 
Trigger Call Redemption Date 
means the redemption date spec-
ified in the Transaction Trigger 
Notice. 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die An-
leihegläubi-
ger eben-
falls ein 
Recht ha-
ben, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen vorzeitig 
zu kündigen, 
gilt Folgen-
des:
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldver-
schreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
bereits der Anleihegläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Rechts gemäß 
§ 4(e) verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior 
exercise 
by 
the 
Noteholder 
thereof of its option to require 
the redemption of such Note in 
accordance with § 4(e). 
If Notes are 
also subject 
to early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Notehold-
ers, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen wegen 
eines gerin-
gen ausste-
henden 
Nennbe-
trags vorzei-
tig zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
[(v)] 
Sofern zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
der Gesamtnennbetrag der aus-
stehenden 
Schuldverschreibun-
gen auf 20 % oder weniger des 
Gesamtnennbetrages der Schuld-
verschreibungen der Serie, die ur-
sprünglich ausgegeben wurden, 
fällt, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
die Schuldverschreibungen (ins-
gesamt und nicht nur teilweise) 
durch Kündigungserklärung ge-
mäß § 4(d) jederzeit mit Wirkung 
zu dem in der Kündigungserklä-
rung gemäß § 4(d) festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn 
die Emittentin ihr Kündigungs-
recht gemäß § 4(c)[(v)] Satz 1 aus-
übt, ist die Emittentin verpflich-
tet, jede Schuldverschreibung an 
dem in der Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß § 4(d) festgelegten Rück-
zahlungstag zu ihrer Festgelegten 
Stückelung zuzüglich der bis zum 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag 
[(v)] 
If at any time the aggregate prin-
cipal amount of the Notes out-
standing is equal to or less than 
20 per cent. of the aggregate prin-
cipal amount of the Notes of the 
Series originally issued, the Issuer 
may, upon giving a notice of re-
demption in accordance with 
§ 4(d), call the Notes for early re-
demption (in whole but not in 
part) at any time with effect on 
the redemption date specified in 
the notice in accordance with 
§ 4(d). If the Issuer exercises its 
call right in accordance with sen-
tence 1 of § 4(c)[(v)], the Issuer 
shall redeem each Note at its 
Specified Denomination together 
with interest accrued to but ex-
cluding the redemption date 
specified in the notice on the re-
demption date specified in the 
notice. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Issuer for a 
minimal 
outstand-
ing princi-
pal 
amount, 
the follow-
ing applies:

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kündigungserklärung. Die Emittentin hat 
die Kündigung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung gemäß 
§ 4(b) oder § 4(c) durch Veröffentlichung 
einer Bekanntmachung an die Anleihe-
gläubiger gemäß § 12 unter Einhaltung 
einer Frist von nicht weniger als 30 und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tagen zu erklären. Die 
Kündigung ist unwiderruflich, und in ihr 
wird bestimmt: 
 Notice. The Issuer shall call the Notes for 
early redemption pursuant to § 4(b) or 
§ 4(c) by publishing a notice to the Note-
holders in accordance with § 12 subject 
to observing a notice period of not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days which no-
tice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
 
 
 
genaue Bezeichnung der zur Rück-
zahlung anstehenden Serie, ein-
schließlich der Wertpapierkennun-
gen; 
 
precise designation of the Series of 
Notes subject to redemption, in-
cluding the securities codes; 
 
 
 
der betreffende Tag der vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung; [und] 
 
the applicable date of early re-
demption; [and] 
 
 
 
der betreffende Rückzahlungsbe-
trag, zu dem die Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, soweit dieser zum Zeit-
punkt der Veröffentlichung der 
Kündigungserklärung schon fest-
steht[.][; und] 
 
the applicable redemption amount 
at which such Notes are to be re-
deemed early, if such applicable re-
demption amount has already been 
fixed on the date of the publication 
of the notice[.][; and] 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Wahl-
recht hat, 
die Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen vor-
zeitig bei 
Eintritt ei-
nes transak-
tionsbezo-
genen Ereig-
nisses zum 
Ereignis-
Wahlrück-
zahlungsbe-
trag zurück-
zuzahlen, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
 
eine Erklärung, ob die Schuldver-
schreibungen ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt werden und im letz-
teren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag 
der zurückzuzahlenden Schuldver-
schreibungen. 
 
whether the Notes will be re-
deemed in whole or in part and, if 
only in part, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes which are to 
be redeemed. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
issuer upon 
occurrence 
of a trans-
action re-
lated event, 
the follow-
ing applies: 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden 
die 
betreffenden 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstim-
mung mit den Regeln des betreffenden 
Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, the relevant Notes to be re-
deemed shall be selected in accordance 
with the rules of the relevant Clearing 
System.  
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in 
Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise 
Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von 
Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear 
nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-
Faktor oder als Reduzierung des Ge-
samtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.] 
[In the case of Notes in NGN form the 
following applies: Such partial redemp-
tion shall be reflected in the records of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
aggregate principal amount, at the dis-
cretion of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear.]

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach ei-
gener Wahl 
zum Make-
Whole Rück-
zahlungsbe-
trag vorzei-
tig zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgendes:
Die Emittentin hat unverzüglich nach Be-
stimmung des Make-Whole Rückzah-
lungsbetrags durch die Make-Whole Be-
rechnungsstelle diesen den Anleihegläu-
biger durch Veröffentlichung einer Be-
kanntmachung gemäß § 12 bekannt zu 
machen. 
The Issuer shall immediately after the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount has 
been fixed by the Make-Whole Calcula-
tion Agent notify such Make-Whole Re-
demption Amount to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 12. 
 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Issuer at 
the Make-
Whole Re-
demption 
Amount, 
the follow-
ing applies: 
 
Die Emittentin wird jeder Börse, an der 
die Schuldverschreibungen auf Veranlas-
sung der Emittentin notiert sind und de-
ren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen, umgehend Mitteilung über 
die Kündigung machen. 
The Issuer will inform, if required by such 
stock exchange on which the Notes are 
listed at the initiative of the Issuer, such 
stock exchange as soon as possible of 
such redemption. 
 
 
 [Keine vorzeitige] [Vorzeitige] Rückzah-
lung nach Wahl des Anleihegläubigers. 
 [No early] [Early] redemption at the op-
tion of a Noteholder. 
 
Falls die An-
leihegläubi-
ger kein 
Recht ha-
ben, die vor-
zeitige Rück-
zahlung der 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen zu ver-
langen, gilt 
Folgendes:
Die Anleihegläubiger sind außer in Fällen 
des [falls die Schuldverschreibungen im 
Fall eines Kontrollwechsels vorzeitig 
kündbar sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
§ 4(g) oder des] § 8 zu keinem Zeitpunkt 
berechtigt, von der Emittentin eine vor-
zeitige Rückzahlung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen zu verlangen. 
The Noteholders shall not be entitled to 
put the Notes for redemption otherwise 
than provided in [if the Notes are subject 
to Early Redemption as a result of a 
Change of Control the following applies: 
§ 4(g) and] § 8 at any time. 
If Notes are 
not subject 
to early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Notehold-
ers, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die An-
leihegläubi-
ger ein 
Recht ha-
ben, die vor-
zeitige Rück-
zahlung der 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen zu ver-
langen, gilt 
Folgendes:
 
Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldver-
schreibung nach Wahl des Anlei-
hegläubigers am / an den Put-Rück-
zahlungstag(en) 
zum 
jeweiligen 
Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
der bis zum Put-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zin-
sen zurückzuzahlen. 
 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Noteholder, redeem such Note on 
the Put Redemption Date(s) at the 
relevant Put Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to 
but excluding the Put Redemption 
Date. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Notehold-
ers, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
Put-Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) 
Put-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag 
Put Redemption 
Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
 
[Put-Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) einfügen] 
[Put-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag/ beträge einfü-
gen] 
[insert Put Redemp-
tion Date(s)] 
[insert Put Redemp-
tion Amount(s)]

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
Dem Anleihegläubiger steht das 
Recht, die vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
zu verlangen, nicht in Bezug auf 
eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor 
gemäß § 4 verlangt hat. 
The Noteholder may not exercise 
the option for early redemption in 
respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the 
Issuer of its right to redeem such 
Note in accordance with § 4. 
 
 
 
Um dieses Recht auszuüben, hat 
der Anleihegläubiger nicht weniger 
als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tage 
vor dem Put-Rückzahlungstag, an 
dem die betreffenden Schuldver-
schreibungen gemäß der Aus-
übungserklärung (wie nachstehend 
definiert) zurückgezahlt werden 
sollen, bei der bezeichneten Ge-
schäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
während der normalen Geschäfts-
zeiten eine ordnungsgemäß ausge-
füllte Erklärung zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
(Ausübungserklä-
rung), wie sie von der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
erhältlich ist, zu hinterlegen. Die 
Ausübungserklärung hat anzuge-
ben: (i) den Nennbetrag der Schuld-
verschreibungen, für die das Recht 
ausgeübt wird und (ii) die Wertpa-
pierkennungen dieser Schuldver-
schreibungen (soweit vergeben). 
Die Rückzahlung der Schuldver-
schreibungen, für welche das Recht 
ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur ge-
gen Lieferung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen an die Emissionsstelle oder 
an deren Order oder durch eine 
Sperrung durch das Clearingsystem. 
Die Ausübung des Rechts kann nicht 
widerrufen werden. 
 
In order to exercise the option, the 
Noteholder must, not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days before the 
Put Redemption Date on which 
such redemption is required to be 
made as specified in the Put Notice 
(as defined below), submit during 
normal business hours at the speci-
fied office of the Fiscal Agent a duly 
completed early redemption notice 
(Put Notice) in the form available 
from the specified office of the Fis-
cal Agent. The Put Notice must 
specify (i) the principal amount of 
the Notes in respect of which such 
option is exercised, and (ii) the se-
curities identification numbers of 
such Notes, if any. The Issuer shall 
only be required to redeem Notes 
in respect of which such option is 
exercised against delivery of such 
Notes to the Fiscal Agent or to its 
order through a blocking by the 
Clearing System. No option so exer-
cised may be revoked or with-
drawn. 
 
 
 
Erwerb. 
 
Purchase. 
 
 
Die Emittentin oder jede ihrer Tochterge-
sellschaften können jederzeit vorbehalt-
lich zwingender gesetzlicher Regelungen 
Schuldverschreibungen auf dem freien 
Markt oder anderweitig sowie zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis erwerben. Derartig er-
worbene Schuldverschreibungen können 
eingezogen, gehalten oder wieder veräu-
ßert werden. 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may 
at any time and subject to mandatory 
provisions of law purchase Notes in the 
open market or otherwise and at any 
price. Such acquired Notes may be 
cancelled, held or resold. 
 
 
 
Kontrollwechsel. 
 
Change of Control.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Falls die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen im Fall 
eines Kon-
trollwech-
sels vorzei-
tig kündbar 
sind, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel ein (Rückzah-
lungsereignis), hat jeder Anleihegläubi-
ger das Recht (sofern nicht die Emitten-
tin, bevor die nachstehend beschriebene 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung gemacht wird, 
die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen nach § 4 (b) oder (c) angezeigt hat), 
die Rückzahlung seiner Schuldverschrei-
bungen durch die Emittentin zum Nenn-
betrag zuzüglich der bis zum Rückzah-
lungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zu verlangen. 
If there occurs a Change of Control (Put 
Event), each Noteholder will have the 
option (unless, prior to the giving of the 
Put Event Notice referred to below, the 
Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes 
in accordance with § 4(b) or (c)) to re-
quire the Issuer to redeem that Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date at its prin-
cipal amount together with interest ac-
crued to but excluding the Optional Re-
demption Date. 
If the Notes 
are subject 
to Early Re-
demption 
as a result 
of a Change 
of Control 
the follow-
ing applies: 
 
Für Zwecke dieses Wahlrechts: 
For the purposes of such option: 
 
 
Gilt ein Kontrollwechsel jedes Mal als 
eingetreten, wenn eine Person oder 
mehrere 
Personen 
(relevante 
Per-
son(en)), die abgestimmt handeln, oder 
einer oder mehrere Dritte, die im Auftrag 
der relevanten Person(en) handeln, zu ir-
gendeiner Zeit mittelbar oder unmittel-
bar (unabhängig davon, ob der Vorstand 
oder der Aufsichtsrat der Emittentin 
seine Zustimmung erteilt hat) (i) mehr als 
50 % des ausstehenden Grundkapitals 
der Emittentin oder (ii) eine solche An-
zahl von Aktien der Emittentin hält bzw. 
halten oder erworben hat bzw. haben, 
auf die mehr als 50 % der Stimmrechte 
entfallen; 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to 
have occurred at each time (whether or 
not approved by the Management Board 
or Supervisory Board of the Issuer) that 
any person or persons (Relevant Per-
son(s)) acting in concert or any person or 
persons acting on behalf of any such Rel-
evant Person(s), at any time directly or 
indirectly acquire(s) or come(s) to own (i) 
more than 50 per cent. of the issued or-
dinary share capital of the Issuer or (ii) 
such number of the shares in the capital 
of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per 
cent. of the voting rights; 
 
 
Ist der Rückzahlungstag der fünfte Ge-
schäftstag nach dem letzten Tag des 
Rückzahlungszeitraums. 
The Optional Redemption Date is the 
fifth Business Day after the last day of the 
Put Period. 
 
 
Sofort nachdem die Emittentin von ei-
nem Rückzahlungsereignis Kenntnis er-
langt, wird die Emittentin den Anlei-
hegläubigern gemäß § 12 Mitteilung vom 
Rückzahlungsereignis machen (Rückzah-
lungsmitteilung), in der die Umstände 
des Rückzahlungsereignisses sowie das 
Verfahren für die Ausübung des in die-
sem § 4 (g) genannten Wahlrechts ange-
geben sind. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming 
aware that a Put Event has occurred, the 
Issuer shall give notice (Put Event Notice) 
to the Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 12 specifying the nature of the Put 
Event and the circumstances giving rise 
to it and the procedure for exercising the 
option set out in this § 4(g). 
 
 
Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts muss 
der Anleihegläubiger während der nor-
malen Geschäftsstunden innerhalb eines 
Zeitraums (Rückzahlungszeitraum) von 
30 Tagen, nachdem die Rückzahlungs-
mitteilung veröffentlicht ist, eine ord-
nungsgemäß ausgefüllte und unterzeich-
nete Ausübungserklärung bei der ange-
gebenen 
Niederlassung 
der 
In order to exercise such option, the 
Noteholder must submit during normal 
business hours at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent a duly completed option 
exercise notice (Exercise Notice) in the 
form available from the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent within the period (Put 
Period) of 30 days after a Put Event No-
tice is given. No option so exercised may

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
Emissionsstelle einreichen (Ausübungs-
erklärung), die in ihrer jeweils maßgebli-
chen Form bei der angegebenen Nieder-
lassung der Emissionsstelle erhältlich ist. 
Ein so ausgeübtes Wahlrecht kann nicht 
ohne vorherige Zustimmung der Emit-
tentin widerrufen oder zurückgezogen 
werden. 
be revoked or withdrawn without the 
prior consent of the Issuer. 
 
 Zahlungen 
 Payments 
 
 
 
Zahlungen. Die Zahlung von Kapital und 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen er-
folgt an das Clearingsystem oder an des-
sen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten 
der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clea-
ringsystems. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
erfolgt nach ordnungsgemäßem Nach-
weis gemäß § 1(c). 
 
Payments. Payment of principal and in-
terest on the Notes shall be made to, or 
to the order of, the Clearing System for 
credit to the relevant account holders of 
the Clearing System. Payment of interest 
on Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note shall be made, upon due cer-
tification as provided in § 1(c). 
 
 
 Zahlungsweise. Sämtliche auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen zu leistende Zahlungen 
werden in der Festgelegten Währung ge-
leistet. Den Anleihegläubigern werden 
keine Kosten oder Gebühren in Bezug auf 
diese Zahlungen auferlegt. Sämtliche 
Zahlungen stehen unter dem Vorbehalt 
geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger ge-
setzlicher Vorschriften, Richtlinien und 
Verordnungen oder Verträge denen sich 
die Emittentin, der Emissionsstelle oder 
eine Zahlstelle unterworfen haben. Vor-
behaltlich § 6 ist die Emittentin nicht ver-
pflichtet, zusätzliche Beträge als Aus-
gleich für irgendwelche Steuern oder Ab-
gaben gleich welcher Art, die aufgrund 
solcher steuerlichen oder sonstigen ge-
setzlichen Vorschriften, Richtlinien oder 
Verordnungen oder Verträge auferlegt 
oder erhoben werden, an die Anleihe-
gläubiger zu zahlen. 
 Manner of Payment. Payments of any 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall 
be made in the Specified Currency. No 
commission or expenses shall be charged 
to the Noteholders in respect of such 
payments. All payments will be subject 
to all applicable fiscal and other laws, di-
rectives and regulations or agreements 
to which the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or 
any Paying Agent agree to be subject. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of 
§ 6, the Issuer will not be obliged to pay 
to the Noteholders any additional 
amounts as compensation for any taxes 
or duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by such fiscal and other laws, reg-
ulations, directives or agreements. 
 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder an 
dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht 
befreit. 
 
The Issuer shall be discharged by pay-
ment to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System. 
 
 
 Geschäftstag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag ei-
ner Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldver-
schreibung auf einen Tag, der kein Ge-
schäftstag ist, dann hat der Anleihegläu-
biger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor 
dem nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag am 
jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der Anleihe-
gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere 
 Business Day. If the due date for pay-
ment of any amount in respect of any 
Note is not a Business Day then the Note-
holder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next such day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further 
interest or other payment in respect of 
such delay.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund 
dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet Geschäfts-
tag 
For these purposes, Business Day means 
a day which is 
 
Falls die 
Festgelegte 
Währung 
nicht Euro 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem (i) das Clearingsystem 
geöffnet hat und (ii) Geschäftsbanken 
und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche rele-
vanten Finanzzentren einfügen] Zahlun-
gen abwickeln. 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which both (i) the Clearing System is 
open and (ii) commercial banks and for-
eign exchange markets settle payments 
in [insert all relevant financial centres]. 
If the Speci-
fied Cur-
rency is not 
Euro, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Festgelegte 
Währung 
Euro ist, gilt 
Folgendes: 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem (i) das Clearingsystem 
und (ii) das Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer system 2 (TARGET) geöffnet 
sind, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln. 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which both (i) the Clearing System, 
and (ii) the Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer system 2 (TARGET) are open to 
effect payments. 
If the Speci-
fied Cur-
rency is 
Euro, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 Besteuerung 
 Taxation 
 
 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zu zahlenden Beträge werden ohne Ein-
behalt oder Abzug von Steuern, Abga-
ben, Festsetzungen oder behördlicher 
Gebühren jedweder Art geleistet (Steu-
ern), die von dem Staat, in dem die Emit-
tentin steuerlich ansässig ist oder einer 
seiner Gebietskörperschaften oder zur 
Erhebung von Steuern berechtigten Be-
hörden oder sonstigen Stellen auferlegt, 
erhoben, eingezogen, einbehalten oder 
festgesetzt werden, sofern nicht die 
Emittentin kraft Gesetzes oder einer 
sonstigen Rechtsvorschrift zu einem sol-
chen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet 
ist. Sofern die Emittentin zu einem sol-
chen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet 
ist, wird die Emittentin zusätzliche Be-
träge (Zusätzliche Beträge) an die Anlei-
hegläubiger zahlen, so dass die Anleihe-
gläubiger die Beträge erhalten, die sie 
ohne den betreffenden Einbehalt oder 
Abzug erhalten hätten. Solche Zusätzli-
chen Beträge sind jedoch nicht zahlbar 
wegen solcher Steuern in Bezug auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
All amounts to be paid in respect of the 
Notes will be paid free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or gov-
ernmental charges of whatever nature 
(Taxes) imposed, levied, collected, with-
held or assessed by the Issuer's country 
of domicile for tax purposes or any polit-
ical subdivision or any authority or any 
other agency of or in the Issuer's country 
of domicile for tax purposes that has 
power to tax, unless the Issuer is com-
pelled by law to make such withholding 
or deduction. If the Issuer is required to 
make such withholding or deduction, the 
Issuer will pay such additional amounts 
(Additional Amounts) to the Notehold-
ers as the Noteholders would have re-
ceived if no such withholding or deduc-
tion had been required, except that no 
such Additional Amounts will be payable 
for any such Taxes in respect of any Note: 
 
 
 
von einer als Depotbank (wie in 
§ 14(c) definiert) oder Inkassobe-
auftragter des Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf 
andere Weise zu entrichten sind als 
dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus 
 
are payable by any person acting as 
Custodian (as defined in § 14(c)) or 
collecting agent on behalf of a 
Noteholder, or otherwise in any 
manner which does not constitute 
a deduction or withholding by the

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlun-
gen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; 
oder 
Issuer from payments of principal 
or interest made by it; or 
 
 die wegen einer Verbindung des be-
treffenden Anleihegläubigers zu 
dem Staat, in dem die Emittentin 
steuerlich ansässig ist, die nicht nur 
aus der bloßen Inhaberschaft der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
besteht, 
einzubehalten 
oder 
abzuziehen 
sind; oder 
 which are to be withheld or de-
ducted by reason of the relevant 
Noteholder having some connec-
tion with the Issuer's country of 
domicile for tax purposes other 
than the mere holding of that Note; 
or 
 
 
 
die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder 
Verordnung 
der 
Europäischen 
Union betreffend die Besteuerung 
von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwi-
schenstaatlichen Vereinbarung, ei-
nes zwischenstaatlichen Abkom-
mens oder einer zwischenstaatli-
chen Verständigung über deren Be-
steuerung, an der der Staat, in dem 
die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig 
ist oder die Europäische Union be-
teiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzli-
chen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, 
Verordnung, Vereinbarung, Ver-
ständigung oder dieses Abkommen 
umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen 
oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
which are to be withheld or de-
ducted pursuant to (i) any Euro-
pean Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest 
income, or (ii) any international 
treaty, agreement or understand-
ing relating to such taxation and to 
which the Issuer's country of domi-
cile for tax purposes or the Euro-
pean Union is a party, or (iii) any 
provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to 
conform with, such Directive, Regu-
lation, treaty, agreement or under-
standing; or 
 
 
 aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu 
zahlen sind, welche später als 30 
Tage nach Fälligkeit der betreffen-
den Zahlung oder, wenn dies später 
erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereit-
stellung aller fälligen Beträge und 
einer diesbezüglichen Bekanntma-
chung gemäß § 12 wirksam wird. 
 are payable by reason of a change 
in law that becomes effective more 
than 30 days after the relevant pay-
ment becomes due, or is duly pro-
vided for and notice thereof is pub-
lished in accordance with § 12, 
whichever occurs later. 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist keinesfalls verpflichtet, 
Zusätzliche Beträge in Bezug auf einen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Beträgen zu 
zahlen, die gemäß Sections 1471 bis 1474 
des U.S. Internal Revenue Code (in der je-
weils geltenden Fassung oder gemäß 
Nachfolgebestimmungen), gemäß zwi-
schenstaatlicher Abkommen, gemäß den 
in einer anderen Rechtsordnung in Zu-
sammenhang mit diesen Bestimmungen 
erlassenen 
Durchführungsvorschriften 
oder gemäß mit dem Internal Revenue 
Service geschlossenen Verträgen von der 
Emittentin, der jeweiligen Zahlstelle oder 
einem anderen Beteiligten abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten 
wurden 
(FATCA-
In any event, the Issuer will have no obli-
gation to pay Additional amounts de-
ducted or withheld by the Issuer, the rel-
evant Paying Agent or any other party 
(FATCA Withholding) in relation to any 
withholding 
or 
deduction 
of 
any 
amounts required by the rules of U.S. In-
ternal Revenue Code Sections 1471 
through 1474 (or any amended or suc-
cessor provisions), pursuant to any inter-
governmental agreement, or implement-
ing legislation adopted by another juris-
diction in connection with these provi-
sions, or pursuant to any agreement with 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
Steuerabzug) oder Anleger in Bezug auf 
einen FATCA-Steuerabzug schadlos zu 
halten. 
indemnify any investor in relation to any 
FATCA Withholding. 
 
 Vorlegung, Verjährung 
 Presentation, Prescription 
 
 
 
Vorlegungsfrist. Die Vorlegungsfrist ge-
mäß § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB für fällige 
Schuldverschreibungen wird auf zehn 
Jahre verkürzt. 
 
Presentation. The period for presenta-
tion of Notes due, as established in 
§ 801(1) sentence 1 of the German Civil 
Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch), is re-
duced to ten years. 
 
 
 Verjährungsfrist. Die Verjährungsfrist für 
innerhalb der Vorlegungsfrist zur Zah-
lung vorgelegte Schuldverschreibungen 
beträgt zwei Jahre von dem Ende der be-
treffenden Vorlegungsfrist an. 
 Prescription. The period for prescription 
for Notes presented for payment during 
the presentation period shall be two 
years beginning at the end of the rele-
vant presentation period. 
 
 
 Kündigungsgründe für die Anleihegläu-
biger 
 Events of Default 
 
 
 
Bei Eintritt und Fortdauer eines der nach-
stehenden Ereignisse ist ein Anleihegläu-
biger berechtigt, seine Schuldverschrei-
bungen durch Mitteilung in Textform an 
die Emittentin, die bei der Emittentin 
oder bei der Emissionsstelle abzugeben 
ist, zur sofortigen Rückzahlung fällig zu 
stellen, woraufhin seine Schuldverschrei-
bungen ohne weitere Handlungen oder 
Formalitäten sofort zu ihrer Festgelegten 
Stückelung zuzüglich aufgelaufener Zin-
sen fällig werden:  
 
If any of the events below occurs and is 
continuing, then any Note may, by notice 
in text form addressed to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or, alternatively, 
the Fiscal Agent, be declared due and 
payable, whereupon such Note will be-
come immediately due and payable at its 
Specified Denomination together with 
accrued interest without further action 
or formality:  
 
 
 
 
Nichtzahlung. Die Emittentin zahlt 
Kapital- oder Zinsbeträge in Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht innerhalb von 15 Tagen nach 
Fälligkeit; oder 
 
Non-payment. Failure by the Issuer 
to pay any amount of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes 
within 15 days of the due date for 
payment of that amount; or 
 
 
 
Nichterfüllung sonstiger wesentli-
cher Verpflichtungen. Die Emitten-
tin unterlässt die ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung irgendeiner sonstigen we-
sentlichen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen, und die 
Unterlassung dauert länger als 30 
Tage fort, nachdem die Emissions-
stelle hierüber eine Benachrichti-
gung von einem Anleihegläubiger 
erhalten hat; oder 
 
Non-fulfilment of other material ob-
ligations. The Issuer fails to duly 
perform any other material obliga-
tion arising under the Notes and 
any such failure continues for more 
than 30 days after the Fiscal Agent 
has received notice thereof from a 
Noteholder; or 
 
 
 Cross Acceleration. Eine (nicht aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen beste-
hende) Finanzverbindlichkeit (wie 
in § 11(d) definiert) der Emittentin 
oder einer Tochtergesellschaft (wie 
 Cross Acceleration. Any Financial In-
debtedness (as defined in § 11(d) 
below) of the Issuer (other than un-
der the Notes) or any Subsidiary (as 
defined in § 2(b)) becomes due and

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
in § 2(b) definiert) wird infolge ei-
nes Kündigungsgrunds (unabhängig 
von der Bezeichnung) vor ihrer fest-
gelegten Fälligkeit fällig und zahlbar 
(sei es durch Kündigung, automati-
sche vorzeitige Fälligstellung oder 
auf andere Weise), wobei der Ge-
samtbetrag der Finanzverbindlich-
keiten mindestens 1% der Summe 
Aktiva (wie in § 11(d) definiert) zum 
unmittelbar vorangegangenen Be-
richtsstichtag, zu dem ein Konzern-
abschluss der Emittentin veröffent-
licht worden ist, beträgt. Zur Klar-
stellung wird festgehalten, dass die-
ser Absatz (a)(iii) keine Anwendung 
findet, wenn die Emittentin oder 
die jeweilige Tochtergesellschaft 
(nach Treu und Glauben handelnd) 
bestreitet, dass diese Zahlungsver-
pflichtung besteht, fällig ist oder die 
Anforderungen für die vorzeitige 
Fälligstellung erfüllt sind oder wenn 
sich die vorzeitige Fälligstellung 
ausschließlich aus einem Kündi-
gungsgrund bzw. einer Pflichtver-
letzung (unabhängig von dessen 
bzw. deren Bezeichnung) in der 
Sphäre der jeweiligen anderen Ver-
tragspartei (d.h. nicht seitens der 
Emittentin oder einer ihrer Tochter-
gesellschaften) ergibt; oder 
payable prior to its specified ma-
turity (whether by declaration, au-
tomatic acceleration or otherwise) 
as a result of an event of default 
(howsoever described), whereby 
the total amount of Financial In-
debtedness shall be at least 1% of 
the Total Assets (as defined in § 
11(d)) as of the immediately pre-
ceding Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
of the Issuer have been published. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this 
paragraph (a)(iii) shall not apply, 
where the Issuer or the relevant 
Subsidiary (acting in good faith) 
contests that such payment obliga-
tion exists, is due or the require-
ments for the acceleration are sat-
isfied or if the event of default 
(howsoever described) arises only 
in the sphere of the respective 
other party (i.e. not the Issuer or 
any of its Subsidiaries); or 
 
 Insolvenz etc. 
 Insolvency etc. 
 
 
 die Emittentin oder eine We-
sentliche Tochtergesellschaft 
gibt ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt oder stellt ihre Zah-
lungen ein, oder 
 the Issuer or any Material Sub-
sidiary announces its inability 
to meet its financial obliga-
tions (Zahlungsunfähigkeit) or 
suspends payments; or 
 
 
 gegen die Emittentin oder 
eine Wesentliche Tochterge-
sellschaft wird ein Insolvenz-
verfahren 
eingeleitet 
und 
nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen 
aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt, 
oder die Emittentin oder eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesell-
schaft stellt einen Antrag auf 
Eröffnung eines solchen Ver-
fahrens; oder 
 insolvency proceedings over 
the assets of the Issuer or any 
Material Subsidiary are initi-
ated and have not been dis-
charged or stayed within 60 
days or the Issuer or any Ma-
terial Subsidiary files for the 
opening of such proceedings; 
or 
 
 
 die Emittentin geht in die Li-
quidation oder wird abgewi-
ckelt oder aufgelöst (sofern 
dies nicht für die Zwecke oder 
 the Issuer enters into a wind-
ing up or dissolution and liqui-
dation (other than for the pur-
poses of or pursuant to an

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
als Folge eines Zusammen-
schlusses, einer Umstrukturie-
rung 
oder 
Sanierung 
ge-
schieht, bei dem bzw. der die 
Emittentin noch zahlungsfähig 
ist und bei dem bzw. der die 
fortführende Gesellschaft im 
Wesentlichen alle Vermögens-
werte und Verpflichtungen 
der Emittentin übernimmt); 
oder 
amalgamation, reorganisation 
or restructuring whilst sol-
vent, where the continuing 
entity assumes substantially 
all of the assets and obliga-
tions of the Issuer);or 
 
 in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland werden Gesetze, 
Verordnungen oder behördli-
che Anordnungen erlassen, 
aufgrund derer die Emittentin 
daran gehindert wird, ihre 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen in vol-
lem Umfang nachzukommen 
und zu erfüllen und dieser 
Umstand wird nicht binnen 90 
Tagen behoben; oder 
 any governmental order, de-
cree or enactment is made in 
or by the Federal Republic of 
Germany whereby the Issuer 
is prevented from observing 
and performing in full its obli-
gations under the Notes and 
this situation is not cured 
within 90 days; or 
 
 
 Einstellung des Geschäftsbe-
triebs der Emittentin; oder 
 cessation of business opera-
tions of the Issuer; or 
 
 
 
die Emittentin oder eine We-
sentliche Tochtergesellschaft 
ihr gesamtes Vermögen oder 
einen wesentlichen Teil ihres 
Vermögens an Dritte (ausge-
nommen verbundene Unter-
nehmen im Sinne von § 15 Ak-
tiengesetz) veräußert oder an-
derweitig überträgt und eine 
solche 
Veräußerung 
oder 
Übertragung eine wesentliche 
nachteilige Auswirkung auf 
die Fähigkeit der Emittentin 
hat, ihre Zahlungsverpflich-
tungen aus diesen Schuldver-
schreibungen zu erfüllen. 
 
the Issuer or a Material Sub-
sidiary sells or otherwise 
transfers all of its assets or a 
material part of its assets to 
third parties (not including af-
filiated enterprises (verbun-
dene Unternehmen) as de-
fined in § 15 of the German 
Stock Corporation Act (Ak-
tiengesetz)) and such sale or 
transfer has a material ad-
verse effect on the ability of 
the Issuer to comply with its 
payment obligations under 
the Notes.  
 
 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft ist jede 
derzeitige oder zukünftige Tochtergesell-
schaft der Emittentin, (i) deren Nettoum-
satz gemäß ihres geprüften nicht konso-
lidierten Jahresabschlusses (bzw. falls 
diese Tochtergesellschaft selbst konsoli-
dierte Jahresabschlüsse erstellt, deren 
konsolidierter Nettoumsatz gemäß ihres 
geprüften konsolidierten Jahresabschlus-
ses), der für die Zwecke des letzten ge-
prüften konsolidierten Jahresabschlusses 
der 
Emittentin 
benutzt 
wurde, 
Material Subsidiary means any present 
or future Subsidiary of the Issuer (i) 
whose net sales as shown in the audited 
non-consolidated annual accounts (or, if 
such Subsidiary itself prepares consoli-
dated accounts, whose consolidated net 
sales as shown in the audited annual 
consolidated accounts) of such Subsidi-
ary used for the purposes of preparing 
the latest audited consolidated annual 
accounts of the Issuer are at least 5 per 
cent. 
of 
the 
total 
net 
sales

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
mindestens 5 % der in diesem geprüften 
Konzernjahresabschluss ausgewiesenen 
gesamten Nettoumsätze der Emittentin 
und ihrer konsolidierten Tochtergesell-
schaften beträgt oder (ii) deren Bilanz-
summe gemäß ihres geprüften nicht kon-
solidierten Jahresabschlusses (bzw. falls 
diese Tochtergesellschaft selbst einen 
Konzernabschluss erstellt, deren konsoli-
dierte Bilanzsumme gemäß ihres geprüf-
ten Konzernjahresabschlusses), der für 
die Zwecke des letzten geprüften konso-
lidierten Jahresabschlusses der Emitten-
tin benutzt wurde, mindestens 5 % der 
im Konzernjahresabschluss ausgewiese-
nen Bilanzsumme der Emittentin und ih-
rer konsolidierten Tochtergesellschaften 
entspricht. 
(Umsatzerlöse) of the Issuer and its con-
solidated subsidiaries as shown in such 
audited consolidated annual accounts or 
(ii) whose total assets as shown in the 
audited nonconsolidated annual ac-
counts (or, if such Subsidiary itself pre-
pares consolidated annual accounts, 
whose consolidated total assets as 
shown in the audited consolidated an-
nual accounts) of such Subsidiary used 
for the purposes of preparing the latest 
audited consolidated annual accounts of 
the Issuer are at least 5 per cent. of the 
total assets of the Issuer and its consoli-
dated subsidiaries as shown in the latest 
audited consolidated annual accounts. 
 
 Quorum. In den Fällen von § 8(a)(ii) und 
(iii) wird eine Kündigung erst wirksam, es 
sei denn, zum Zeitpunkt des Erhalts einer 
solchen Mitteilung ist eines der in den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (i) und (iv) 
genannten Ereignisse eingetreten, die 
die Anleihegläubiger berechtigen, ihre 
Schuldverschreibungen für fällig zu erklä-
ren, wenn bei der Emissionsstelle schrift-
liche Kündigungserklärungen von Anlei-
hegläubigern im Nennbetrag von min-
destens 10 % der dann ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen 
sind. Die Wirkung einer solchen Kündi-
gung entfällt, wenn die Anleihegläubiger 
dies binnen drei Monaten mit Mehrheit 
beschließen. Für den Beschluss über die 
Unwirksamkeit der Kündigung genügt die 
einfache Mehrheit der Stimmrechte, es 
müssen aber in jedem Fall mehr Anleihe-
gläubiger zustimmen als gekündigt ha-
ben. 
 Quorum. In the events specified in 
§ 8(a)(ii) and (iii), any notice declaring 
Notes due shall, unless at the time such 
notice is received, any of the events 
specified in subparagraphs (i) and (iv) 
above entitling Noteholders to declare 
their Notes due has occurred, become 
effective only when the Fiscal Agent has 
received such notices from the Note-
holders in writing of at least 10 per cent. 
in principal amount of Notes then out-
standing . Any such termination shall be-
come ineffective if within three months 
the majority of the Noteholders so re-
solve. The resolution in relation to the 
ineffectiveness of a termination may be 
passed by simple majority of the voting 
rights, provided, however, that in each 
case there must be more Noteholders 
consenting to such resolution than Note-
holders having terminated the Notes. 
 
 
 Emissionsstelle, 
Zahlstelle(n) 
[und 
Make-Whole Berechnungsstelle] 
 Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s) [and 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent] 
 
 
 
Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. 
Die Emissionsstelle und die Zahlstelle 
sind nachstehend mit den benannten an-
fänglichen Geschäftsstellen aufgeführt: 
 
Appointment, specified office. The Fiscal 
Agent and the Paying Agent and their re-
spective initial specified offices are as fol-
lows: 
 
 
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle:  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent:  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
[Die Make-Whole Berechnungsstelle soll 
eine unabhängige international aner-
kannte Bank oder ein unabhängiger Fi-
nanzberater mit einschlägiger Expertise 
sein, von der Emittentin ausgewählt und 
als Berechnungsstelle für diese Zwecke 
bestellt.] 
[The Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
shall be an independent bank of interna-
tional standing or an independent finan-
cial adviser with relevant expertise, se-
lected by the Issuer and appointed as cal-
culation agent for the purposes of such.] 
 
 
 Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberu-
fung. Die Emittentin behält sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit zusätzliche Zahlstel-
len (gemeinsam mit der vorgenannten 
Zahlstelle, Zahlstellen und jede eine 
Zahlstelle) zu benennen.  
 Variation or termination of appointment. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to appoint additional paying agents (to-
gether with the Paying Agent specified 
above, Paying Agents and each a Paying 
Agent).  
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich ferner das 
Recht vor, die Ernennung der Emissions-
stelle [,][und] der Zahlstellen [und der 
Make-Whole Berechnungsstelle] jeder-
zeit anders zu regeln oder zu beenden. 
The Issuer further reserves the right at 
any time to vary or terminate the ap-
pointment of the Fiscal Agent [,][and] 
any Paying Agent [and the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent]. 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird sicherstellen, dass je-
derzeit (i) eine Emissionsstelle, (ii) eine 
Zahlstelle mit einer Geschäftsstelle in ei-
ner Stadt auf dem europäischen Festland 
und (iii) so lange die Schuldverschreibun-
gen auf Veranlassung der Emittentin an 
einer Börse notiert werden, eine Zahl-
stelle mit einer benannten Geschäfts-
stelle an dem von der betreffenden 
Börse vorgeschriebenen Ort bestimmt 
ist.  
The Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a 
Fiscal Agent (ii) a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in a continental Euro-
pean city and (iii) so long as the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange at the initia-
tive of the Issuer, a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in such city as may be re-
quired by the rules of the relevant stock 
exchange.  
 
 
Die Emissionsstelle [,][und] etwaige Zahl-
stellen [und die Make-Whole Berech-
nungsstelle] behalten sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit anstelle ihrer jeweils benann-
ten Geschäftsstelle eine andere Ge-
schäftsstelle im selben Land zu bestim-
men. Bekanntmachungen hinsichtlich al-
ler Veränderungen im Hinblick auf die 
Emissionsstelle und etwaige Zahlstellen 
erfolgen unverzüglich durch die Emitten-
tin gemäß § 12. 
The Fiscal Agent [,][and] any Paying 
Agent [and the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent] reserve the right at any time to 
change their respective specified offices 
to some other specified office in the 
same country. Notice of all changes in 
the identities or specified offices of the 
Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent will be 
given promptly by the Issuer to the Note-
holders in accordance with § 12. 
 
 
 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. Die 
Emissionsstelle [,][und] die Zahlstelle(n) 
[und die Make-Whole Berechnungs-
stelle] handeln ausschließlich als Beauf-
tragte der Emittentin und übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
dem Anleihegläubiger; es wird kein Auf-
trags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen 
ihnen und dem Anleihegläubiger begrün-
det. 
 
Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent 
[,][and] any Paying Agent(s) [and the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent] act 
solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligations towards or rela-
tionship of agency or trust for the Note-
holder.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
Die Emissionsstelle [,] [und] die Zahl-
stelle(n) [und die Make-Whole Berech-
nungsstelle] können den Rat eines oder 
mehrerer Rechtsanwälte oder anderer 
Sachverständiger einholen, deren Bera-
tung oder Dienste sie für notwendig hält, 
und sich auf eine solche Beratung verlas-
sen. Die Emissionsstelle [,] [und] die Zahl-
stelle(n) [und die Make-Whole Berech-
nungsstelle] übernehmen keine Haftung 
gegenüber den Anleihegläubigern im Zu-
sammenhang mit Handlungen, die in gu-
tem Glauben im Einklang mit einer sol-
chen Beratung getätigt, unterlassen oder 
geduldet wurden. 
The Fiscal Agent [,] [and] the Paying 
Agent(s) [and the Make-Whole Calcula-
tion Agent] may engage the advice or 
services of any lawyers or other experts 
whose advice or services it deems neces-
sary and may rely upon any advice so ob-
tained. Neither the Fiscal Agent nor the 
Paying Agent [nor the Make-Whole Cal-
culation Agent] will incur any liability as 
against the Noteholders in respect of any 
action taken, or not taken, or suffered to 
be taken, or not taken, in accordance 
with such advice in good faith. 
 
 
 Schuldnerersetzung 
 Substitution 
 
 
 
Ersetzung. 
 
Substitution. 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, 
ohne Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger, 
eine andere Gesellschaft, die direkt oder 
indirekt von der Emittentin kontrolliert 
wird (Verbundene Unternehmen, wie in 
§ 15 AktG definiert), als neue Emittentin 
für alle sich aus oder im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen ergeben-
den Verpflichtungen mit schuldbefreien-
der Wirkung für die Emittentin an die 
Stelle der Emittentin zu setzen (Neue 
Emittentin), sofern 
The Issuer may at any time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, substitute 
for the Issuer any other company which 
is directly or indirectly controlled by the 
Issuer (Affiliated Companies, as defined 
in Section 15 German Stock Corporation 
Act –Aktiengesetz), as new issuer (New 
Issuer) in respect of all obligations arising 
under or in connection with the Notes 
with the effect of releasing the Issuer of 
all such obligations, if: 
 
 
 
die Neue Emittentin sämtliche Ver-
pflichtungen der Emittentin aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt 
und, sofern eine Zustellung an die 
Neue Emittentin außerhalb der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland erfol-
gen müsste, einen Zustellungsbe-
vollmächtigten in der Bundesre-
publik Deutschland bestellt; 
 
the New Issuer assumes any and all 
obligations of the Issuer arising un-
der or in connection with the Notes 
and, if service of process vis-à-vis 
the New Issuer would have to be ef-
fected outside the Federal Republic 
of Germany, appoints a process 
agent within the Federal Republic 
of Germany; 
 
 
 
die Emittentin und die Neue Emit-
tentin sämtliche für die Schuldne-
rersetzung und die Erfüllung der 
Verpflichtungen aus oder im Zu-
sammenhang mit den Schuldver-
schreibungen erforderlichen Ge-
nehmigungen erhalten haben; 
 
the Issuer and the New Issuer have 
obtained all authorisations and ap-
provals necessary for the substitu-
tion and the fulfilment of the obli-
gations arising under or in connec-
tion with the Notes; 
 
 
 die Neue Emittentin in der Lage ist, 
sämtliche zur Erfüllung der auf-
grund der Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehenden 
 the New Issuer is in the position to 
pay to the Clearing System or to the 
Fiscal Agent in the Specified Cur-
rency and without deducting or

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen erforderli-
chen Beträge in der Festgelegten 
Währung an das Clearingsystem 
oder die Emissionsstelle zu zahlen, 
und zwar ohne Abzug oder Einbe-
halt von Steuern oder sonstigen Ab-
gaben jedweder Art, die von dem 
Land (oder den Ländern), in dem (in 
denen) die Neue Emittentin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, auferlegt, 
erhoben oder eingezogen werden; 
withholding any taxes or other du-
ties of whatever nature imposed, 
levied or deducted by the country 
(or countries) in which the New Is-
suer has its domicile or tax resi-
dence all amounts required for the 
performance of the payment obli-
gations arising from or in connec-
tion with the Notes; 
 
 die Emittentin unbedingt und unwi-
derruflich die Verpflichtungen der 
Neuen Emittentin aus den Schuld-
verschreibungen zu Bedingungen 
garantiert, die sicherstellen, dass 
jeder Anleihegläubiger wirtschaft-
lich mindestens so gestellt wird, wie 
er ohne die Ersetzung stehen 
würde; 
 the Issuer unconditionally and ir-
revocably guarantees such obliga-
tions of the New Issuer under the 
Notes on terms which ensure that 
each Noteholder will be put in an 
economic position that is at least as 
favourable as that which would 
have existed if the substitution had 
not taken place; 
 
 
 
die Neue Emittentin sich verpflich-
tet hat, jeden Anleihegläubiger hin-
sichtlich solcher Steuern, Abgaben 
oder behördlichen Lasten freizu-
stellen, die einem Anleihegläubiger 
bezüglich der Ersetzung auferlegt 
werden; und 
 
the New Issuer has agreed to in-
demnify and hold harmless each 
Noteholder against any tax, duty, 
assessment 
or 
governmental 
charge imposed on such Note-
holder in respect of such substitu-
tion; and 
 
 
 der Emissionsstelle ein oder meh-
rere Rechtsgutachten von aner-
kannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt 
werden, welche bestätigen, dass 
die Bestimmungen in den vorste-
henden Unterabsätzen (i) bis (v) er-
füllt wurden. 
 there shall have been delivered to 
the Fiscal Agent an opinion of law-
yers of recognised standing to the 
effect that subparagraphs (i) to (v) 
above have been satisfied. 
 
 
 Bezugnahmen. 
 References. 
 
 
 
Im Fall einer Schuldnerersetzung 
gemäß § 10(a) gilt jede Bezug-
nahme in diesen Anleihebedingun-
gen auf die Emittentin als eine sol-
che auf die Neue Emittentin. 
 
In the event of a substitution pursu-
ant to § 10(a), any reference in 
these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall be a reference to the 
New Issuer. 
 
 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, dass dies 
nur gilt, soweit sich nicht aus Sinn 
und Zweck der jeweiligen Bedin-
gung ergibt, dass die Bezugnahme 
entweder weiterhin nur auf die TAG 
Immobilien AG erfolgen soll, oder 
dass die Bezugnahme auf die Neue 
Emittentin und gleichzeitig auch auf 
die TAG Immobilien AG, im Hinblick 
auf deren Verpflichtungen aus der 
For the avoidance of doubt this 
shall apply only to the extent that 
the meaning and purpose of the rel-
evant condition requires that the 
relevant reference shall continue to 
be a reference only to TAG Immo-
bilien AG, or that the reference 
shall be to the New Issuer and TAG 
Immobilien AG, in relation to TAG 
Immobilien AG's obligations under

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
Garantie gemäß § 10(a)(iv) erfolgen 
soll. 
the 
guarantee 
pursuant 
to 
§ 10(a)(iv) at the same time. 
 
 
In § 8 gilt ein weiterer Kündigungs-
grund als aufgenommen, der dann 
besteht, wenn die Garantie gemäß 
§ 10(a)(iv) mit rechtskräftiger Ent-
scheidung eines zuständigen Ge-
richts für nicht vollumfänglich wirk-
sam erklärt wird, oder die Garantin 
einen Mangel der Wirksamkeit be-
hauptet und dieser Mangel nicht in-
nerhalb von zehn Geschäftstagen 
behoben wird. 
 
In § 8 a further event of default 
shall be deemed to have been in-
cluded; such event of default shall 
exist in the case that the guarantee 
pursuant to § 10(a)(iv) is deter-
mined by the final decision of a 
competent court or is claimed by 
the guarantor not to be in full force 
and effect and such defect is not 
corrected within ten business days. 
 
 
 Verpflichtungserklärungen  
 Covenants  
 
 
 
Beschränkungen für das Eingehen von Fi-
nanzverbindlichkeiten. Die Emittentin 
verpflichtet sich, nach dem Begebungs-
tag keine Finanzverbindlichkeiten einzu-
gehen und sicherzustellen, dass ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften nach dem Bege-
bungstag keine Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
eingehen, wenn jeweils unmittelbar nach 
dem wirksamen Eingehen solcher weite-
rer Finanzverbindlichkeiten und der Ver-
wendung des damit erzielten Nettoerlö-
ses eine der folgenden Bedingungen er-
füllt wären:  
 
Limitations on Incurrence of Financial In-
debtedness. The Issuer undertakes that it 
will not, and will procure that none of its 
Subsidiaries will, after the Issue Date, in-
cur any Financial Indebtedness if, imme-
diately after giving effect to the incur-
rence of such additional Financial Indebt-
edness and the application of the net 
proceeds of such incurrence, 
 
 
 
das Verhältnis der (i) Summe (x) der 
Konsolidierten Nettofinanzverbind-
lichkeiten der Gruppe zum unmit-
telbar vorangegangenen Berichts-
stichtag, zu dem ein Konzernab-
schluss der Emittentin veröffent-
licht worden ist, und (y) der Neuen 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, die seit 
dem unmittelbar vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag eingegangen wur-
den, zu dem ein Konzernabschluss 
der Emittentin veröffentlicht wor-
den ist, zu (ii) der Summe (unter 
Ausschluss einer Doppelberücksich-
tigung) (x) der Summe Aktiva zum 
unmittelbar vorangegangenen Be-
richtsstichtag, zu dem ein Konzern-
abschluss der Emittentin veröffent-
licht worden ist, (y) der Kaufpreise 
für Immobilienvermögen (ohne Ab-
züge für übernommene Finanzver-
bindlichkeiten), das seit dem unmit-
telbar vorangegangenen Berichts-
stichtag, zu dem ein Konzernab-
schluss der Emittentin veröffent-
licht wurde, erworben wurde oder 
 
the ratio of (i) the sum of (x) the 
Consolidated Net Financial Indebt-
edness of the Group as of the im-
mediately 
preceding 
Reporting 
Date for which Consolidated Finan-
cial Statements of the Issuer have 
been published and (y) the New Fi-
nancial 
Indebtedness 
incurred 
since the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consoli-
dated Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published to (ii) 
the sum of (without duplication) (x) 
the Total Assets as of the immedi-
ately preceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial State-
ments of the Issuer have been pub-
lished, (y) the purchase prices of 
any Real Estate Property (without 
any deductions for assumed Finan-
cial Indebtedness) acquired or con-
tracted for acquisition since the im-
mediately 
preceding 
Reporting 
Date for which Consolidated Finan-
cial Statements of the Issuer have 
been 
published 
and 
(z) 
the

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
für dessen Erwerb seit diesem Zeit-
punkt eine Verpflichtung eingegan-
gen wurde, und (z) des Erlöses aus 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, die seit 
dem unmittelbar vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag eingegangen wur-
den, zu dem ein Konzernabschluss 
der Emittentin veröffentlicht wurde 
(jedoch nur soweit dieser Erlös 
nicht zum Erwerb von Immobilien-
vermögen oder zur Verringerung 
von Finanzverbindlichkeiten ver-
wendet wurde) (dieses Verhältnis in 
Bezug auf einen beliebigen Zeit-
punkt, 
der 
Verschuldungsgrad 
(LTV) zu dem entsprechenden Zeit-
punkt) 60 % übersteigen würde; 
oder 
proceeds of any Financial Indebted-
ness incurred since the immedi-
ately preceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial State-
ments of the Issuer have been pub-
lished (but only to the extent such 
proceeds were not used to acquire 
Real Estate Property or to reduce 
Financial Indebtedness) (such ratio, 
with respect to any date, the Loan-
to-Value Ratio as of that date) 
would exceed 60 per cent; or 
 
 
(i) die Summe (x) der Besicherten Fi-
nanzverbindlichkeiten der Gruppe 
zum unmittelbar vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein Kon-
zernabschluss der Emittentin veröf-
fentlicht worden ist, und (y) dem 
Nennbetrag der Neuen Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, die seit 
dem unmittelbar vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag eingegangen wur-
den, zu dem ein Konzernabschluss 
der Emittentin veröffentlicht wor-
den ist, würde einen Betrag in Höhe 
von 45% (ii) der Summe (unter Aus-
schluss einer Doppelberücksichti-
gung) (x) der Summe Aktiva zum un-
mittelbar vorangegangenen Be-
richtsstichtag, zu dem ein Konzern-
abschluss der Emittentin veröffent-
licht worden ist, (y) der Kaufpreise 
für Immobilienvermögen (ohne Ab-
züge für übernommene Finanzver-
bindlichkeiten), das seit dem unmit-
telbar vorangegangenen Berichts-
stichtag, zu dem ein Konzernab-
schluss der Emittentin veröffent-
licht worden ist, erworben wurde 
oder für dessen Erwerb seit diesem 
Zeitpunkt eine Verpflichtung einge-
gangen wurde, und (z) des Erlöses 
aus Finanzverbindlichkeiten, die 
seit dem unmittelbar vorangegan-
genen Berichtsstichtag eingegan-
gen wurden, zu dem ein Konzernab-
schluss der Emittentin veröffent-
licht worden ist (jedoch nur soweit 
dieser Erlös nicht zum Erwerb von 
Immobilienvermögen 
oder 
zur 
 
(i) the sum of (x) the Secured Finan-
cial Indebtedness as of the immedi-
ately preceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial State-
ments of the Issuer have been pub-
lished and (yi) the New Secured Fi-
nancial 
Indebtedness 
incurred 
since the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consoli-
dated Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published would 
exceed 45 per cent. of (ii) the sum 
of (without duplication) (x) Total 
Assets as of the immediately pre-
ceding Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
of the Issuer have been published, 
(y) the purchase prices of any Real 
Estate Property (without any de-
ductions for assumed Financial In-
debtedness) acquired or contracted 
for acquisition since the immedi-
ately preceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial State-
ments of the Issuer have been pub-
lished and (z) the proceeds of any 
Financial Indebtedness incurred 
since the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consoli-
dated Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published (but 
only to the extent such proceeds 
were not used to acquire Real Es-
tate Property or to reduce Financial 
Indebtedness) (such ratio, with re-
spect to any date, the Secured 
Loan-to-Value Ratio as of that 
date).

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
Verringerung von Finanzverbind-
lichkeiten verwendet wurde) (die-
ses Verhältnis in Bezug auf einen 
beliebigen Zeitpunkt, der Verschul-
dungsgrad (LTV) Besichertes Ver-
mögen zu dem entsprechenden 
Zeitpunkt) übersteigen. 
 
 Einhaltung des Konsolidierten Deckungs-
grads. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich si-
cherzustellen, dass das Verhältnis von 
(i) dem Gesamtbetrag des Konsolidierten 
Bereinigten EBITDA in den jeweils letzten 
vier aufeinanderfolgenden Quartalen, 
die vor dem Berichtsstichtag geendet ha-
ben, zu dem ein Konzernabschluss der 
Emittentin veröffentlicht worden ist, zu 
(ii) dem Gesamtbetrag des Zahlungswirk-
samen Zinsergebnisses in den jeweils 
letzten vier aufeinanderfolgenden Quar-
talen, die vor dem Berichtstichtag geen-
det haben, zum dem ein Konzernab-
schluss der Emittentin veröffentlicht 
worden ist, nicht weniger als 1,80 zu 1,00 
betragen wird.  
 Maintenance of Consolidated Coverage 
Ratio. The Issuer undertakes to ensure 
that the ratio of (i) the aggregate amount 
of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in the 
respective most recent four consecutive 
quarters ending prior to the Reporting 
Date for which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have been pub-
lished to (ii) the aggregate amount of Net 
Cash Interest in the respective most re-
cent four consecutive quarters ending 
prior to the Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published will be no 
less than 1.80 to 1.00. 
 
 
 
Berichte. Solange Schuldverschreibun-
gen ausstehen, veröffentlicht die Emit-
tentin die folgenden Angaben auf ihrer 
Internetseite: 
 
Reports. For so long as any Notes are out-
standing, the Issuer shall post on its web-
site, 
 
 
 
Innerhalb von 120 Tagen nach dem 
Ende des Geschäftsjahrs der Emit-
tentin einen Geschäftsbericht mit 
einem geprüften Konzernabschluss 
nach den in der EU anwendbaren 
International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) und einem Lagebe-
richt nach § 315 HGB; und 
 
within 120 days after the end of 
each of the Issuer’s fiscal years, an-
nual reports containing the audited 
consolidated financial statements 
in accordance with IFRS as adopted 
by the EU and the management re-
port in accordance with section 315 
of the German Commercial Code; 
and 
 
 
 
innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach dem 
Ende jedes der ersten drei Quartale 
jedes Geschäftsjahrs der Emittentin 
einen ungeprüften verkürzten Kon-
zern-Zwischenabschluss nach den 
in der EU anwendbaren IFRS bzw. 
eine Quartalsmitteilung entspre-
chend den Anforderungen der 
Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse. 
 
within 60 days after the end of each 
of the first three fiscal quarters in 
each fiscal year of the Issuer, unau-
dited 
condensed 
consolidated 
quarterly financial statements in 
accordance with IFRS as adopted by 
the EU or a quarterly statement in 
accordance with the requirements 
of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
 
 
 Definitionen. 
(d) Definitions. 
 
 
Berichtsstichtag ist der 31. März, 30. 
Juni, 30. September und 31. Dezember 
eines jeden Jahres. 
Reporting Date means 31 March, 30 
June, 30 September and 31 December of 
each year.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
Besicherte Finanzverbindlichkeiten be-
zeichnet den Teil der Konsolidierten Net-
tofinanzverbindlichkeiten, der mit Siche-
rungsrechten an Immobilien oder sonsti-
gen Vermögenswerten der Emittentin 
oder ihrer Tochtergesellschaften dinglich 
besichert ist (jeweils nach IFRS ermittelt). 
Secured Financial Indebtedness means 
that portion of the Consolidated Net Fi-
nancial Indebtedness that is secured by a 
Lien on properties or other assets of the 
Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (each as 
determined in accordance with IFRS). 
 
 
Eingehen bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine Fi-
nanzverbindlichkeit oder eine sonstige 
Verbindlichkeit einer Person die Begrün-
dung, die Übernahme, Abgabe einer Ga-
rantie oder Bürgschaft dafür oder eine 
anderweitige Übernahme der Haftung 
für diese Finanzverbindlichkeit oder 
sonstige Verbindlichkeit; das Eingehen 
bzw. eingegangen sind entsprechend 
auszulegen. 
Incur means, with respect to any Finan-
cial Indebtedness or other obligation of 
any Person, to create, assume, guaran-
tee or otherwise become liable in respect 
of such Financial Indebtedness or other 
obligation, and incurrence and incurred 
have the meanings correlative to the 
foregoing. 
 
 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten bezeichnet (un-
ter Ausschluss einer Doppelberücksichti-
gung) alle Verbindlichkeiten (ausgenom-
men solche gegenüber anderen Mitglie-
dern der Gruppe) aus: 
Financial Indebtedness means (without 
duplication) any indebtedness (excluding 
any indebtedness owed to another 
member of the Group) for or in respect 
of: 
 
 
 
aufgenommenen Geldern; 
 
money borrowed; 
 
 
 
allen im Rahmen von Akzeptkredi-
ten oder eines dematerialisierten 
Äquivalents aufgenommenen Be-
träge; 
 
any amount raised by acceptance 
under any acceptance credit facility 
or a dematerialized equivalent; 
 
 
 allen im Rahmen von Fazilitäten 
zum Kauf kurzfristiger Schuldtitel 
oder aus der Begebung von Anlei-
hen, Schuldverschreibungen, Com-
mercial Paper oder vergleichbaren 
Instrumenten aufgenommenen Be-
trägen; 
 any amount raised pursuant to any 
note purchase facility or the issue 
of bonds, notes, commercial papers 
or any similar instrument; 
 
 
 veräußerten 
oder 
diskontierten 
Forderungen (außer bei einem For-
derungsverkauf ohne Rückgriffs-
recht); 
 receivables sold or discounted 
(other than any receivables to the 
extend they are sold on a non-re-
course basis); 
 
 
 
der Aufnahme von Beträgen im 
Rahmen anderer Rechtsgeschäfte 
(einschließlich Termingeschäften), 
die die wirtschaftliche Wirkung ei-
ner Kreditaufnahme haben, ausge-
nommen jedoch Bankgarantie-Fazi-
litäten, die der Emittentin oder ei-
ner Tochtergesellschaft von Finan-
zinstituten gewährt werden oder 
gewährt werden sollen und in de-
ren Rahmen die Emittentin bzw. die 
 
any amounts raised under any 
other transaction (including any 
forward sale or purchase agree-
ment) having the commercial effect 
of a borrowing, but excluding bank 
guarantee facilities made or to be 
made available by financial institu-
tions to the Issuer or a Subsidiary 
under which the Issuer or the re-
spective Subsidiary may request 
the issue of a bank guarantee or

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
jeweilige Tochtergesellschaft die 
Ausstellung einer oder mehrerer 
Bankgarantien zugunsten einer Per-
son verlangen kann, die sich zum Er-
werb von Immobilienvermögen von 
der Emittentin oder einer Tochter-
gesellschaft verpflichtet hat; 
bank guarantees in favour of a per-
son who agrees to purchase a Real 
Estate Property owned by the Is-
suer or a Subsidiary; 
 
 Derivategeschäften, die zur Absi-
cherung oder Spekulation im Hin-
blick auf Zins- oder Preisschwan-
kungen abgeschlossen werden (wo-
bei bei der Berechnung des Wertes 
eines Derivategeschäfts nur der 
Marktwert (mark to market value) 
zu berücksichtigen ist); 
 any derivative transaction entered 
into in connection with protection 
against or benefit from fluctuation 
in any rate or price (and, when cal-
culating the value of any derivative 
transaction, only the mark to mar-
ket value shall be taken into ac-
count); 
 
 
 einer Gegenverpflichtung zur Frei-
stellung in Bezug auf eine Bürg-
schaft, eine Freistellungsverpflich-
tung, eine Garantie, ein Garantie- 
oder Dokumentenakkreditiv oder 
ein anderes von einer Bank oder ei-
nem Finanzinstitut ausgestelltes In-
strument; und 
 any counter-indemnity obligation 
in respect of a guarantee, indem-
nity, bond, standby or documentary 
letter of credit or any other instru-
ment issued by a bank or financial 
institution; and 
 
 
 Verbindlichkeiten aus einer Garan-
tie, Bürgschaft oder Freistellungs-
verpflichtung in Bezug auf Verbind-
lichkeiten der in den vorstehenden 
Absätzen (i) bis (vii) genannten Art, 
 the amount of any liability in re-
spect of any guarantee or indem-
nity for any of the items referred to 
in paragraphs (i) to (vii) above, 
 
 
jeweils nur falls und soweit der jeweilige 
Betrag oder die jeweilige Verpflichtung 
nach IFRS als "Verbindlichkeit" erfasst 
wird. 
in each such case only if and to the extent 
the relevant amount or obligation is rec-
orded as "indebtedness" in accordance 
with IFRS. 
 
 
Gruppe bezeichnet die Emittentin und 
ihre Tochtergesellschaften. 
Group means the Issuer together with its 
Subsidiaries. 
 
 
IFRS bezeichnet die in der EU anwendba-
ren International Financial Reporting 
Standards des International Accounting 
Standard Board in jeweils geltender Fas-
sung. 
IFRS means the International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
European Union and as published by the 
International 
Accounting 
Standards 
Board, as in effect from time to time. 
 
 
Immobilienvermögen bezeichnet (unter 
Ausschluss einer Doppelberücksichti-
gung) das im Konzernabschluss der Emit-
tentin in den Bilanzpositionen "als Finan-
zinvestition gehaltene Immobilien", "Im-
mobilien des Vorratsvermögens", "zur 
Veräußerung gehaltene langfristige Ver-
mögenswerte", "Vorauszahlungen auf 
als Finanzinvestition gehaltene Immobi-
lien" und "Vorauszahlungen für Unter-
nehmenserwerbe" 
zum 
unmittelbar 
Real Estate Property means (without du-
plication) the real estate property of the 
Issuer and the Subsidiaries that is recog-
nized as of the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer have 
been published, or is required to be rec-
ognized in accordance with IFRS since 
the immediately preceding Reporting 
Date for which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have been

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
vorausgehendenden Berichtsstichtag, zu 
dem ein Konzernabschluss der Emitten-
tin veröffentlicht worden ist, angesetzte 
oder nach IFRS seit dem unmittelbar vo-
rangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu dem 
ein Konzernabschluss der Emittentin ver-
öffentlicht worden ist, anzusetzende Im-
mobilienvermögen der Emittentin und 
der Tochtergesellschaften. 
published, in the balance sheet items "in-
vestment properties", "properties held 
as inventory", "non-current assets held 
for sale", "prepayments for investment 
properties" and "prepayments for busi-
ness combinations" of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer. 
 
Konsolidierte 
Nettofinanzverbindlich-
keiten bezeichnet die nach IFRS ermittel-
ten Nettofinanzverbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin und ihrer Tochtergesellschaf-
ten auf konsolidierter Basis als "Finanz-
schulden" (einschließlich des Nettobe-
trages aller Zahlungspflichten aus Finanz-
derivaten) abzüglich "Flüssige Mittel" (je-
weils wie im Konzernabschluss der Emit-
tentin ausgewiesen). 
Consolidated Net Financial Indebted-
ness means the net financial indebted-
ness of the Issuer and any of its Subsidi-
aries, on a consolidated basis deter-
mined in accordance with IFRS as "fi-
nancing liabilities" (including the net 
amount of all payment obligations under 
financial derivative transactions) less 
"cash and cash equivalents" (each shown 
in the Consolidated Financial Statements 
of the Issuer). 
 
 
Konsolidiertes Bereinigtes EBITDA be-
zeichnet den unter der Überschrift 
"EBITDA" angegebenen Zahlenwert be-
reinigt um das "Ergebnis aus der Bewer-
tung von als Finanzinvestitionen gehalte-
nen Immobilien", das "Ergebnis aus der 
Veräußerung von Vorratsimmobilien", 
das "Ergebnis aus der Veräußerung von 
als Finanzinvestitionen gehaltenen Im-
mobilien", die Projektkosten mit Einmal-
charakter und anderen außerordentli-
chen sowie periodenfremden Aufwen-
dungen und Erträgen sowie den Markt-
wert (mark to market value) der Deriva-
tegeschäfte (jeweils vorbehaltlich der 
Bestimmungen in diesen Anleihebedin-
gungen). 
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA means 
the number set out in the item "EBITDA" 
adjusted for "net income on the remeas-
urement of investment properties", "net 
income from the disposal of real estate 
inventory", "net income from the dis-
posal of investment properties", non-re-
curring project costs and other extraordi-
nary and prior-period expenses and in-
come as well as the mark to market value 
of derivative transactions (in each case 
subject to the determination specified in 
these Terms and Conditions). 
 
 
Konzernabschluss bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf eine Person den nach IFRS erstellten 
Konzernabschluss mit Anhang und Lage-
bericht für diese Person und ihre Toch-
terunternehmen 
sowie 
Konzern-
zwischenabschlüsse und Quartalsmittei-
lungen (zum relevanten Zeitpunkt). 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
means, with respect to any Person, the 
consolidated financial statements and 
notes to those financial statements and 
the group management report of that 
Person and its subsidiaries prepared in 
accordance with IFRS as well as interim 
consolidated financial statements and 
quarterly statements (as of the relevant 
date). 
 
 
Neue Finanzverbindlichkeiten bezeich-
net den Betrag der eingegangenen Fi-
nanzverbindlichkeiten abzüglich (i) des 
Betrags der zurückgezahlten Finanzver-
bindlichkeiten und (ii) "Flüssiger Mittel" 
(jeweils nach IFRS ermittelt). 
New Financial Indebtedness means the 
amount of Financial Indebtedness in-
curred minus (i) the amount of Financial 
Indebtedness repaid and (ii) "cash and 
cash equivalents" (each as determined in 
accordance with IFRS).

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
Neue Besicherte Finanzverbindlichkei-
ten bezeichnet den Betrag der eingegan-
genen Besicherten Finanzverbindlichkei-
ten abzüglich des Betrags der zurückge-
zahlten Besicherten Finanzverbindlich-
keiten (jeweils nach IFRS ermittelt).  
New Secured Financial Indebtedness 
means the amount of Secured Financial 
Indebtedness 
incurred 
minus 
the 
amount of Secured Financial Indebted-
ness repaid (each as determined in ac-
cordance with IFRS).  
 
 
Person bezeichnet natürliche Personen, 
Körperschaften, Personengesellschaften, 
Joint Ventures, Vereinigungen, Aktienge-
sellschaften, Trusts, nicht rechtsfähige 
Vereinigungen, Gesellschaften mit be-
schränkter Haftung, staatliche Stellen 
(oder Behörden oder Gebietskörper-
schaften) oder sonstige Rechtsträger.  
Person means any individual, corpora-
tion, partnership, joint venture, associa-
tion, joint stock company, trust, unincor-
porated organization, limited liability 
company or government (or any agency 
or political subdivision thereof) or any 
other entity.  
 
 
Sicherungsrecht bezeichnet (unter Aus-
schluss einer Doppelberücksichtigung) 
Sicherungsrechte, Grundpfandrechte, Si-
cherung-Treuhandverträge, Sicherungs-
urkunden, Verpfändungsverträge, Siche-
rungsabtretungen, 
Sicherungsübereig-
nungen, 
Hinterlegungsvereinbarungen 
oder sonstige Sicherungsabreden, ausge-
nommen Rechte zur Aufrechnung, je-
doch u. a. einschließlich bedingte Kauf-
verträge oder Vereinbarungen unter Ei-
gentumsvorbehalt, 
Finanzierungslea-
singverträge, die wirtschaftlich im We-
sentlichen den vorgenannten Vereinba-
rungen gleichkommen, sowie sonstige 
Vereinbarungen, die ein dingliches Siche-
rungsrecht gewähren oder übertragen 
und zwar einer Person, die nicht Mitglied 
der Gruppe ist, jeweils zur Besicherung 
ausstehender 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, 
jedoch keine  
Lien means (without duplication) any 
lien, mortgage, trust deed, deed of trust, 
deed, pledge, security interest, assign-
ment for collateral purposes, deposit ar-
rangement, or other security agreement, 
excluding any right of setoff but includ-
ing, without limitation, any conditional 
sale or other title retention agreement, 
any financing lease having substantially 
the same economic effect as any of the 
foregoing, and any other like agreement 
granting or conveying a security interest 
in rem to a Person that is not a member 
of the Group, in each case to secure out-
standing Financial Indebtedness, but in 
each case excluding  
 
 
 
in Abteilung 2 eines deutschen 
Grundbuchs eingetragenen Belas-
tungen;  
 
any encumbrance registered in de-
partment 2 of the German land reg-
ister;  
 
 
 
Sicherungsrechte, die im Zusam-
menhang mit der Veräußerung ei-
nes Vermögenswerts im Rahmen 
der gewöhnlichen Geschäftstätig-
keit entstehen, u. a. Sicherungs-
rechte an Vermögenswerten, die 
Gegenstand 
eines 
Kaufvertrags 
sind, zur Finanzierung des Kaufprei-
ses;  
 
any lien arising in connection with a 
disposal of an asset in the ordinary 
course of business including, with-
out limitation, any lien created in 
assets subject to a sale agreement 
for the purposes of financing the 
purchase price;  
 
 
 Sicherungsrechte, für die dem maß-
geblichen Mitglied der Gruppe eine 
unbedingte Löschungsbewilligung 
übermittelt wurde;  
 any lien in respect of which an un-
conditional deletion consent has 
been delivered to the relevant 
member of the Group;

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
 Sicherungsrechte, die kraft Geset-
zes (oder kraft einer Vereinbarung 
mit derselben Wirkung) oder im 
Rahmen der gewöhnlichen Ge-
schäftstätigkeit entstehen;  
 any lien arising by operation of law 
(or by agreement having the same 
effect) or in the ordinary course of 
business;  
 
 
 
Barsicherheiten, die im Zusammen-
hang mit Währungs- und Zinsabsi-
cherungsgeschäften gestellt wer-
den; und 
 
any cash collateral posted in con-
nection with cross-currency and in-
terest rate hedging transactions; 
and 
 
 
 Sicherungsrechte an Bankkonten 
nach Maßgabe der allgemeinen Ge-
schäftsbedingungen des Anbieters 
von Bankkonten.  
 any lien on bank accounts under 
general terms and conditions of any 
provider of bank accounts.  
 
 
Summe Aktiva bezeichnet den Wert der 
konsolidierten Bilanzsumme der Emit-
tentin und der Tochtergesellschaften, 
der in einer nach IFRS erstellten konsoli-
dierten Bilanz der Emittentin erscheint 
oder erscheinen würde, wobei die 
"Summe Aktiva" die Zuflüsse aus den ein-
zugehenden Finanzverbindlichkeiten ein-
schließt.  
Total Assets means the value of the con-
solidated total assets of the Issuer and 
the Subsidiaries, as such amount ap-
pears, or would appear, on a consoli-
dated balance sheet of the Issuer pre-
pared in accordance with IFRS, provided 
that "Total Assets" shall include the pro-
ceeds of the Financial Indebtedness to be 
incurred.  
 
 
Zahlungswirksames Zinsergebnis be-
zeichnet alle an Personen, die nicht Mit-
glied der Gruppe sind, aufgelaufenen, 
bar zu zahlenden Zinsen und sonstigen 
Finanzierungskosten abzüglich des Be-
trags aller durch Mitglieder der Gruppe 
von Personen, die nicht Mitglied der 
Gruppe sind, zu erhaltenden und aufge-
laufenen Zinsen und sonstigen Finanzie-
rungskosten, jeweils ausgenommen ein-
malige Finanzierungskosten (u. a. einma-
lige Entgelte und/oder Vorfälligkeitsent-
schädigungen). 
Net Cash Interest means all cash interest 
and other financing charges accrued to 
persons who are not members of the 
Group less the amount of any interest 
and other financing charges accrued to 
be received by members of the Group 
from persons who are not members of 
the Group, in each case, excluding any 
one-off financing charges (including 
without limitation, any one-off fees 
and/or break costs). 
 
 
 Bekanntmachungen 
 Notices 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die an 
der Luxem-
burger 
Börse no-
tiert sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
 
Veröffentlichungen. Alle die Schuldver-
schreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation 
auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger 
Börse (www.bourse.lu). Jede Mitteilung 
gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der Ver-
öffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
 
Publications. All notices concerning the 
Notes will be made by means of elec-
tronic publication on the internet web-
site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Any notice so given will 
be deemed to have been validly given on 
the third day following the date of such 
publication. 
In the case 
of Notes 
which are 
listed on 
the Luxem-
bourg Stock 
Exchange 
the follow-
ing applies:  
 Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. So-
lange Schuldverschreibungen an der Lu-
xemburger Börse (Bourse de Luxem-
bourg) am Regulierten Markt zugelassen 
sind, findet § 12 Absatz (a) Anwendung. 
 Notification to Clearing System. So long 
as any Notes are listed on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Ex-
change (Bourse de Luxembourg), § 12(a) 
shall apply. If the rules of the

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger 
Börse dies zulassen, kann die Emittentin 
eine Veröffentlichung nach § 12 Absatz 
(a) durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System zur Weiterleitung an die Anleihe-
gläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige Mittei-
lung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag 
der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als 
den Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt. 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, 
the Issuer may deliver the relevant no-
tice to the Clearing System for communi-
cation by the Clearing System to the 
Noteholders, in lieu of publication as set 
forth in § 12(a) above; any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been validly 
given on the fifth day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System. 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die 
nicht auf 
Veranlas-
sung der 
Emittentin 
an einer 
Börse no-
tiert sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(a) 
Veröffentlichungen. Alle die Schuldver-
schreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation 
auf der Internetseite der Emittentin 
(www.tag-ag.com). Jede derartige Mit-
teilung gilt im Zeitpunkt der so erfolgten 
Veröffentlichung seitens der Emittentin 
als wirksam erfolgt. 
(b) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die 
Emittentin wird zusätzlich alle die Schuld-
verschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilun-
gen an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterlei-
tung an die Anleihegläubiger übermit-
teln.  
 
Publications. All notices concerning the 
Notes will be made by means of elec-
tronic publication on the internet web-
site of the Issuer (www.tag-ag.com). Any 
such notice will be deemed to have been 
given when so published by the Issuer. 
 
 Notification to Clearing System. In addi-
tion, the Issuer shall deliver all notices 
concerning the Notes to the Clearing Sys-
tem for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Noteholders. 
In the case 
of Notes 
which are 
not listed 
at the initi-
ative of the 
Issuer, the 
following 
applies: 
 
[(c)][(d)] Mitteilungen eines Anleihegläubi-
gers. Mitteilungen, die von einem An-
leihegläubiger 
gemacht 
werden, 
müssen schriftlich erfolgen und zu-
sammen mit dem Nachweis seiner In-
haberschaft gemäß § 14(c)(a) an die 
Emissionsstelle geleitet werden. Eine 
solche Mitteilung kann über das Clea-
ringsystem in der von der Emissions-
stelle und dem Clearingsystem dafür 
vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
 
[(c)][(d)] Notices by a Noteholder. Notices to 
be given by any Noteholder shall be 
made in written form together with 
an evidence of the Noteholder's enti-
tlement in accordance with § 14(c)(a) 
to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may 
be given through the Clearing System 
in such manner as the Fiscal Agent 
and the Clearing System may approve 
for such purpose. 
 
 
 Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibun-
gen 
 Further Issues 
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, 
ohne Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger 
weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit glei-
cher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit 
Ausnahme des Tages der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausga-
bepreises) wie die vorliegenden Schuld-
verschreibungen zu begeben, so dass sie 
mit diesen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
Der Begriff Schuldverschreibungen um-
fasst im Fall einer solchen weiteren 
The Issuer reserves the right from time to 
time, without the consent of the Note-
holders to issue additional notes with 
identical terms and conditions as the 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects ex-
cept for the date of issue, the interest 
commencement date and/or the issue 
price) so as to be consolidated and form 
a single series with such Notes. The term 
Notes shall, in the event of such further 
issue, also comprise such further notes.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
Begebung auch solche zusätzlich begebe-
nen Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
 Anwendbares Recht, Erfüllungsort und 
Gerichtsstand  
 Applicable Law, Place of Performance 
and Jurisdiction 
 
 
 
Geltendes Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie alle sich 
daraus ergebenden Rechte und Pflichten 
bestimmen sich ausschließlich nach dem 
Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
 
Applicable law. The form and content of 
the Notes as well as all the rights and du-
ties arising therefrom are governed ex-
clusively by the laws of the Federal Re-
public of Germany.  
 
 
 Gerichtsstand. Vorbehaltlich eines zwin-
genden Gerichtsstandes für besondere 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten im Zusammenhang 
mit dem Gesetz über Schuldverschrei-
bungen aus Gesamtemissionen (Schuld-
verschreibungsgesetz – SchVG) in seiner 
jeweiligen gültigen Fassung (SchVG), ist 
nicht-ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand für 
alle sich aus den in diesen Anleihebedin-
gungen geregelten Rechtsverhältnissen 
ergebenden Rechtsstreitigkeiten mit der 
Emittentin (Rechtsstreitigkeiten) Frank-
furt am Main. 
 Jurisdiction. Subject to any exclusive 
court of venue for specific legal proceed-
ings in connection with the German Act 
on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemis-
sionen) (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – 
SchVG), as amended from time to time 
(SchVG), non-exclusive court of venue 
for all litigation with the Issuer arising 
from the legal relations established in 
these Terms and Conditions (Proceed-
ings) is Frankfurt am Main. 
 
 
Für Entscheidungen gemäß § 9 Absatz 2, 
§ 13 Absatz 3 und § 18 Absatz 2 SchVG ist 
gemäß § 9 Absatz 3 SchVG das Amtsge-
richt zuständig, in dessen Bezirk die Emit-
tentin ihren Sitz hat. Für Entscheidungen 
über die Anfechtung von Beschlüssen der 
Anleihegläubiger ist gemäß § 20 Absatz 3 
SchVG das Landgericht ausschließlich zu-
ständig, in dessen Bezirk die Emittentin 
ihren Sitz hat. 
The local court (Amtsgericht) in the dis-
trict where the Issuer has its registered 
office will have jurisdiction for all judg-
ments pursuant to § 9(2), § 13(3) and 
§ 18(2) SchVG in accordance with § 9(3) 
SchVG. The regional court (Landgericht) 
in the district where the Issuer has its 
registered office will have exclusive juris-
diction for all judgments over contested 
resolutions by Noteholders in accord-
ance with § 20(3) SchVG. 
 
 
 
Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder An-
leihegläubiger ist berechtigt, in jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen die Emittentin 
oder in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit, in dem 
der Anleihegläubiger und die Emittentin 
Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Na-
men auf der folgenden Grundlage zu 
schützen oder geltend zu machen: 
 
Enforcement. Any Noteholder may in any 
Proceedings against the Issuer, or to 
which such Noteholder and the Issuer 
are parties, protect and enforce in its 
own name its rights arising under such 
Notes on the basis of 
 
 
 
indem er eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank beibringt, bei der er für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche 
 
a statement issued by the Custo-
dian with which such Noteholder 
maintains a securities account in re-
spect of the Notes 
 
 
 den vollständigen Namen und 
die vollständige Adresse des 
Anleihegläubigers angibt, 
 stating the full name and ad-
dress of the Noteholder,

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
 den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
be-
zeichnet, die zum Datum der 
Bescheinigung auf dem Wert-
papierdepot verbucht sind, 
und 
 specifying the aggregate prin-
cipal amount of Notes cred-
ited to such securities account 
on the date of such state-
ment, and 
 
 
 bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
gegenüber dem maßgeblichen 
Clearingsystem eine schriftli-
che Erklärung bezüglich der 
Absicht des Anleihegläubigers, 
seine Ansprüche unmittelbar 
geltend zu machen, abgege-
ben hat, (I) die die vorstehend 
unter (A) und (B) bezeichne-
ten Informationen enthält, (II) 
deren Empfang vom Clearing-
system bestätigt wurde, und 
(III) die vom Clearing System 
an die Depotbank zurückge-
schickt wurde, und 
 confirming that the Custodian 
has given written notice to the 
relevant Clearing System of 
the intention of the Note-
holder to enforce claims di-
rectly which (I) contains the 
information pursuant to (A) 
and (B), (II) has been acknowl-
edged by the Clearing System, 
and (III) has been returned by 
the Clearing System to the 
Custodian, and 
 
 
 
indem er eine Kopie der die Schuld-
verschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde vorlegt, deren Über-
einstimmung mit dem Original eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwah-
rers des Clearingsystems bestätigt 
hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Ori-
ginalbelege oder der die Schuldver-
schreibungen verbriefenden Globa-
lurkunde in einem solchen Verfah-
ren erforderlich wäre. 
 
a copy of the Global Note repre-
senting the Notes certified as being 
a true copy by a duly authorised of-
ficer of the Clearing System or a de-
pository of the Clearing System, 
without the need for production in 
such Proceedings of the actual rec-
ords or the Global Note represent-
ing the Notes. 
 
 
In diesen Anleihebedingungen bezeich-
net Depotbank jede Bank oder ein sons-
tiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das be-
rechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungs-
geschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem 
der Anleihegläubiger ein Wertpapierde-
pot für die Schuldverschreibungen unter-
hält, einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann je-
der Anleihegläubiger seine Rechte aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf 
jede andere Weise schützen oder gel-
tend machen, die in dem Land, in dem 
die Rechtsstreitigkeit geführt wird, pro-
zessual zulässig ist. 
In these Terms and Conditions, Custo-
dian means any bank or other financial 
institution of recognised standing au-
thorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Noteholder 
maintains a securities account in respect 
of the Notes and includes the Clearing 
System. Each Noteholder may, without 
prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce its rights under these Notes also 
in any other way which is admitted in the 
country of the Proceedings.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
 Änderung der Anleihebedingungen; Ge-
meinsamer Vertreter  
 Amendments to the Terms and Condi-
tions; Joint Representative  
 
 
 
Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die 
Emittentin kann die Anleihebedingungen 
mit Zustimmung aufgrund Mehrheitsbe-
schlusses der Anleihegläubiger nach 
Maßgabe der §§ 5 ff. SchVG ändern. Eine 
Änderung der Anleihebedingungen ohne 
Zustimmung der Emittentin scheidet aus. 
 
Amendment of the Terms and Condi-
tions. The Issuer may amend the Terms 
and Conditions with the consent of a ma-
jority resolution of the Noteholders pur-
suant to §§ 5 et seq. of the SchVG. There 
will be no amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions without the Issuer's consent. 
 
 
Die Anleihegläubiger können insbeson-
dere einer Änderung wesentlicher In-
halte der Anleihebedingungen, ein-
schließlich der in § 5 Absatz 3 SchVG vor-
gesehenen Maßnahmen mit Ausnahme 
der Ersetzung der Emittentin, die in § 10 
abschließend geregelt ist, mit den in dem 
nachstehenden § 14(b) genannten Mehr-
heiten zustimmen. Ein ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle 
Anleihegläubiger verbindlich. 
In particular, the Noteholders may con-
sent to amendments which materially 
change the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions, including such measures as 
provided for under § 5(3) of the SchVG, 
but excluding a substitution of the Issuer, 
which is exclusively subject to the provi-
sions in § 10, by resolutions passed by 
such majority of the votes of the Note-
holders as stated under § 14(b) below. A 
duly passed majority resolution will be 
binding upon all Noteholders. 
 
 
 Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Vorbehaltlich 
des nachstehenden Satzes und der Errei-
chung der erforderlichen Beschlussfähig-
keit, beschließen die Anleihegläubiger 
mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimm-
rechte. Beschlüsse, durch welche der we-
sentliche Inhalt der Anleihebedingungen, 
insbesondere in den Fällen des § 5 Ab-
satz 3 Nummer 1 bis 9 SchVG, geändert 
wird, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit ei-
ner Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der 
an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte (Qualifizierte Mehrheit). 
Das Stimmrecht ruht, solange die Schuld-
verschreibungen der Emittentin oder ei-
nem mit ihr verbundenen Unternehmen 
(§ 271 Absatz 2 HGB) zustehen oder für 
Rechnung der Emittentin oder eines mit 
ihr verbundenen Unternehmens gehal-
ten werden. 
 Majority requirements. Except as pro-
vided by the following sentence and pro-
vided that the quorum requirements are 
being met, the Noteholders may pass 
resolutions by simple majority of the vot-
ing rights participating in the vote. Reso-
lutions which materially change the sub-
stance of the Terms and Conditions, in 
particular in the cases of § 5(3) numbers 
1 through 9 of the SchVG, may only be 
passed by a majority of at least 75 per 
cent. of the voting rights participating in 
the vote (Qualified Majority). The voting 
right is suspended as long as any Notes 
are attributable to the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates (within the meaning of § 271(2) 
of the German Commercial Code (Han-
delsgesetzbuch)) or are being held for 
the account of the Issuer or any of its af-
filiates. 
 
 
 
Beschlüsse. Beschlüsse der Anleihegläu-
biger werden entweder in einer Gläubi-
gerversammlung nach § 14(c)(i) oder im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versamm-
lung nach § 14(c)(ii) getroffen, die von 
der Emittentin oder einem gemeinsamen 
Vertreter einberufen wird.  
 
Resolutions. Resolutions of the Note-
holders will be made either in a Note-
holders' meeting in accordance with 
§ 14(c)(i) or by means of a vote without a 
meeting 
(Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versa-
mmlung) in accordance with § 14(c)(ii), 
in either case convened by the Issuer or 
a joint representative, if any.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger im 
Rahmen einer Gläubigerversamm-
lung werden nach §§ 9 ff. SchVG ge-
troffen. Die Einberufung der Gläubi-
gerversammlung regelt die weite-
ren Einzelheiten der Beschlussfas-
sung und der Abstimmung. Mit der 
Einberufung 
der 
Gläubigerver-
sammlung werden in der Tagesord-
nung die Beschlussgegenstände so-
wie die Vorschläge zur Beschluss-
fassung den Anleihegläubigern be-
kannt gegeben.  
 
Resolutions of the Noteholders in a 
Noteholders' meeting will be made 
in accordance with §§ 9 et seq. of 
the SchVG. The convening notice of 
a Noteholders' meeting will provide 
the further details relating to the 
resolutions and the voting proce-
dure. The subject matter of the 
vote as well as the proposed reso-
lutions will be notified to Notehold-
ers in the agenda of the meeting.  
 
 
 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Ver-
sammlung werden nach § 18 SchVG 
getroffen. Die Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe durch den Abstim-
mungsleiter regelt die weiteren Ein-
zelheiten der Beschlussfassung und 
der Abstimmung. Mit der Aufforde-
rung zur Stimmabgabe werden die 
Beschlussgegenstände sowie die 
Vorschläge zur Beschlussfassung 
den Anleihegläubigern bekannt ge-
geben. 
 
Resolutions of the Noteholders by 
means of a voting not requiring a 
physical 
meeting 
(Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung) will be made in 
accordance § 18 of the SchVG. The 
request for voting as submitted by 
the chairman (Abstimmungsleiter) 
will provide the further details re-
lating to the resolutions and the 
voting procedure. The subject mat-
ter of the vote as well as the pro-
posed resolutions will be notified to 
Noteholders together with the re-
quest for voting. 
 
 
 Zweite Gläubigerversammlung. Wird die 
Beschlussfähigkeit bei der Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung nach § 14(c)(ii) nicht 
festgestellt, kann der Abstimmungsleiter 
eine Gläubigerversammlung einberufen, 
welche als zweite Gläubigerversamm-
lung im Sinne des § 15(3) Satz 3 SchVG 
gilt. 
 Second noteholders' meeting. If it is as-
certained that no quorum exists for the 
vote without meeting pursuant to 
§ 14(c)(ii), the chairman (Abstimmungs-
leiter) may convene a meeting, which 
shall be deemed to be a second meeting 
within the meaning of § 15(3) sentence 3 
of the SchVG. 
 
 
 Anmeldung. Die Stimmrechtsausübung 
ist von einer vorherigen Anmeldung der 
Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Die Anmel-
dung muss bis zum dritten Tag vor der 
Gläubigerversammlung im Falle einer 
Gläubigerversammlung (wie in § 14(c)(i) 
oder § 14(d) beschrieben) bzw. vor dem 
Beginn des Abstimmungszeitraums im 
Falle einer Abstimmung ohne Versamm-
lung (wie in § 14(c)(ii) beschrieben) unter 
der in der Aufforderung zur Stimmab-
gabe angegebenen Anschrift zugehen. 
Zusammen mit der Anmeldung müssen 
Anleihegläubiger den Nachweis ihrer Be-
rechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstim-
mung durch eine besondere Bescheini-
gung ihrer jeweiligen Depotbank in Text-
form 
und 
die 
Vorlage 
eines 
 Registration. The exercise of voting 
rights is subject to the registration of the 
Noteholders. The registration must be 
received at the address stated in the re-
quest for voting no later than the third 
day prior to the meeting in the case of a 
Noteholders' meeting (as described in 
§ 14(c)(i) or § 14(d)) or the beginning of 
the voting period in the case of voting 
not requiring a physical meeting (as de-
scribed in § 14(c)(ii)), as the case may be. 
As part of the registration, Noteholders 
must demonstrate their eligibility to par-
ticipate in the vote by means of a special 
confirmation of their respective Custo-
dian hereof in text form and by submis-
sion of a blocking instruction by the Cus-
todian stating that the relevant Notes are

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
Sperrvermerks der Depotbank erbringen, 
aus dem hervorgeht, dass die relevanten 
Schuldverschreibungen für den Zeitraum 
vom Tag der Absendung der Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) bis zu dem angegebenen 
Ende der Versammlung (einschließlich) 
bzw. dem Ende des Abstimmungszeit-
raums (einschließlich) nicht übertragen 
werden können. 
not transferable from and including the 
day such registration has been sent until 
and including the stated end of the meet-
ing or day the voting period ends, as the 
case may be. 
 
 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. Die Anleihegläu-
biger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss 
die Bestellung und Abberufung eines ge-
meinsamen Vertreters, die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse des gemeinsamen Vertreters, 
die Übertragung von Rechten der Anlei-
hegläubiger auf den gemeinsamen Ver-
treter und eine Beschränkung der Haf-
tung des gemeinsamen Vertreters be-
stimmen. Die Bestellung eines gemeinsa-
men Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizier-
ten Mehrheit, wenn er ermächtigt wird, 
wesentlichen Änderungen der Anlei-
hebedingungen gemäß § 14(a) zuzustim-
men. 
 
Joint representative. The Noteholders 
may by majority resolution provide for 
the appointment or dismissal of a joint 
representative, the duties and responsi-
bilities and the powers of such joint rep-
resentative, the transfer of the rights of 
the Noteholders to the joint representa-
tive and a limitation of liability of the 
joint representative. Appointment of a 
joint representative may only be passed 
by a Qualified Majority if such joint rep-
resentative is to be authorised to con-
sent to a material change in the sub-
stance of the Terms and Conditions in ac-
cordance with § 14(a) hereof. 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufga-
ben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch 
Gesetz oder von den Anleihegläubigern 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt 
wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der Anlei-
hegläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur 
Geltendmachung von Rechten der Anlei-
hegläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die ein-
zelnen Anleihegläubiger zur selbständi-
gen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht 
befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheitsbe-
schluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über 
seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Ver-
treter den Anleihegläubigern zu berich-
ten. Für die Abberufung und die sonsti-
gen Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsa-
men Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften 
des SchVG. 
The joint representative shall have the 
duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolutions of the 
Noteholders. The joint representative 
shall comply with the instructions of the 
Noteholders. To the extent that the joint 
representative has been authorised to 
assert certain rights of the Noteholders, 
the Noteholders shall not be entitled to 
assert such rights themselves, unless ex-
plicitly provided for in the relevant ma-
jority resolution. The joint representative 
shall provide reports to the Noteholders 
on its activities. The regulations of the 
SchVG apply with regard to the recall and 
the other rights and obligations of the 
joint representative. 
 
 
Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen 
Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem 
gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz 
oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last. 
Unless the joint representative is liable 
for wilful misconduct (Vorsatz) or gross 
negligence (grobe Fahrlässigkeit), the 
joint representative's liability shall be 
limited to ten times the amount of its an-
nual remuneration. 
 
 
 
Bekanntmachungen. 
Bekanntmachun-
gen betreffend diesen § 14 erfolgen ge-
mäß den §§ 5ff. SchVG sowie nach § 12. 
 
Notices. Any notices concerning this § 14 
will be made in accordance with §§ 5 et 
seq. of the SchVG and § 12.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
 Garantie. Die oben aufgeführten auf die 
Änderung der Emissionsbedingungen an-
wendbaren Bestimmungen finden sinn-
gemäß auf die Bestimmungen der Garan-
tie gemäß § 10(a)(iv) Anwendung. 
 Guarantee. The provisions set out above 
applicable to the amendment of the 
Terms and Conditions shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to the guarantee under 
§ 10(a)(iv). 
 
 
 Sprache 
 Language 
 
Falls die An-
leihebedin-
gungen in 
deutscher 
Sprache mit 
einer Über-
setzung in 
die engli-
sche Spra-
che abge-
fasst sind, 
ist Folgen-
des an-
wendbar:
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deut-
scher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Überset-
zung in die englische Sprache ist beige-
fügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die eng-
lische Sprache ist unverbindlich. 
These Terms and Conditions are written 
in the German language and provided 
with an English language translation. The 
German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation 
is provided for convenience only. 
If the Terms 
and Condi-
tions shall 
be in the 
German 
language 
with an 
English lan-
guage 
translation, 
the follow-
ing applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
These Terms and Conditions are written 
in the English language only. 
If the Terms 
and Condi-
tions shall 
be in the 
English lan-
guage only, 
the follow-
ing applies:

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
OPTION II 
Anleihebedingungen für variabel verzinsli-
che Schuldverschreibungen 
 
Terms and Conditions that apply to Floating 
Rate Notes 
 
 
 Währung, 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung, 
Form 
 Currency, 
Specified 
Denomination, 
Form 
 
 
 
Währung; Festgelegte Stückelung. Die 
TAG Immobilien AG, Hamburg (Emit-
tentin) begibt Schuldverschreibungen 
(Schuldverschreibungen) in [Festge-
legte Währung] (Festgelegte Währung) 
im Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die Global-
urkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes an-
wendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1(d)] von 
[Festgelegte Währung] [Gesamtnenn-
betrag], eingeteilt in Schuldverschrei-
bungen in der festgelegten Stückelung 
von je [Festgelegte Währung] [Festge-
legte Stückelung] (Festgelegte Stücke-
lung).  
 
Currency; Specified Denomination. The 
Notes are issued by TAG Immobilien AG, 
Hamburg (Issuer) in [Specified Currency] 
(Specified Currency), in the aggregate 
principal amount [in the case the Global 
Note is a NGN, the following applies: 
(subject to §1(d)] of [Specified Currency] 
[Aggregate Principal Amount], divided 
into notes in the specified denomination 
of [Specified Currency] [Specified De-
nomination] (Specified Denomination) 
each (Notes).  
 
 
 Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lau-
ten auf den Inhaber. 
 Form. The Notes are issued in bearer 
form. 
 
 
 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind zu-
nächst in einer vorläufigen Globalur-
kunde 
(Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) 
ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. 
 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange. The 
Notes are initially represented by a tem-
porary global Note (Temporary Global 
Note) without interest coupons. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird ins-
gesamt oder teilweise und unentgelt-
lich an oder nach dem Tag, der 40 Tage 
nach dem Tag der Begebung der Schuld-
verschreibungen, frühestens jedoch 40 
Tage nach dem Tag des Beginns des An-
gebots liegt, gegen Nachweis über das 
Nichtbestehen wirtschaftlichen U.S.-Ei-
gentums im Sinne des U.S.-Rechts (non-
U.S. beneficial ownership) in der in der 
Vorläufigen Globalurkunde vorgesehe-
nen Form, gegen eine dauerhafte Glo-
balurkunde (die Dauer-Globalurkunde) 
(die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauer-Globalurkunde jeweils auch eine 
Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine aus-
getauscht. Ein Recht der Anleihegläubi-
ger (wie nachstehend definiert) auf 
Ausgabe und Lieferung von Einzelur-
kunden oder Zinsscheinen besteht 
nicht. 
The Temporary Global Note will be ex-
changeable, in whole or in part and free 
of charge, on or after the day that is 40 
days after the later of the commence-
ment of the offering and the date of is-
sue of the Notes for a permanent global 
Note (the Permanent Global Note) (the 
Temporary Global Note and the Perma-
nent Global Note, each a Global Note) 
without interest coupons upon certifica-
tion as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
in the form set out in the Temporary 
Global Note. The right of the Notehold-
ers (as defined below) to require the is-
sue and delivery of definitive notes or 
interest coupons is excluded. 
 
 
 Clearingsystem. Die Vorläufige Global-
urkunde und die Dauer-Globalurkunde 
 Clearing System. Each of the Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
werden solange von einem Clearingsys-
tem oder im Auftrag eines Clearingsys-
tems verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verpflich-
tungen der Emittentin aus den Schuld-
verschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
Note will be held in custody by or on be-
half of a Clearing System until all obliga-
tions of the Issuer under the Notes have 
been satisfied. 
 
Clearingsystem bezeichnet [bei mehr 
als einem Clearing System ist Folgen-
des anwendbar: jeweils] Folgendes: 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Mergentha-
lerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Bundesre-
publik 
Deutschland 
(Clearstream, 
Frankfurt)] [,] [und] [Clearstream Ban-
king S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 
Luxemburg, Großherzogtum Luxem-
burg, (Clearstream, Luxemburg)] [und] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du 
Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien, (Eu-
roclear)] [(Clearstream, Luxemburg und 
Euroclear jeweils ein ICSD und zusam-
men ICSDs)] sowie jeder Funktions-
nachfolger. 
Clearing System means [if more than 
one Clearing System the following ap-
plies: each of] the following: [Clear-
stream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 
61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal Republic of 
Germany (Clearstream, Frankfurt)] [,] 
[and] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Av-
enue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, (Clear-
stream, Luxembourg)] [and] [Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgium, (Euroclear)] 
[(Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euro-
clear each an ICSD and together ICSDs)] 
and any successor in such capacity. 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die in 
Form einer 
Classical 
Global 
Note aus-
gegeben 
werden 
bzw. bei 
Verwah-
rung durch 
Clear-
stream, 
Frankfurt, 
gilt Folgen-
des:
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauer-Globalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
eigenhändigen Unterschriften von zwei 
Vertretungsberechtigten der Emitten-
tin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift 
eines Kontrollbeauftragten der Emissi-
onsstelle. 
The Temporary Global Note and the Per-
manent Global Note shall each bear the 
manual signatures of two duly author-
ised officers of the Issuer as well as the 
manual signature of an authentication 
officer of the Fiscal Agent. 
In the 
case of 
Notes in-
tended to 
be issued 
in the 
Classical 
Global 
Note 
form or 
depos-
ited with 
Clear-
stream, 
Frank-
furt, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die in 
Form einer 
New Glo-
bal Note 
ausgege-
ben wer-
den, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in 
Form einer New Global Note (NGN) aus-
gegeben und von einem gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
(common 
sa-
fekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs ver-
wahrt. 
The Notes are issued in new global note 
(NGN) form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both 
ICSDs. 
In the 
case of 
Notes in-
tended to 
be issued 
in the 
New 
Global 
Note 
form, the 
following 
applies: 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldver-
schreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in 
den Registern beider ICSDs eingetrage-
nen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der 
ICSDs (unter denen man die Register 
versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine 
The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note 
shall be the aggregate amount from 
time to time entered in the records of 
both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records 
that each ICSD holds for its customers

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils 
an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) 
sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den Ge-
samtnennbetrag der durch die Global-
urkunde verbrieften Schuldverschrei-
bungen, und eine zu diesen Zwecken 
von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Be-
stätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der so 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist 
ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den In-
halt des Registers des jeweiligen ICSD 
zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
which reflect the amount of such cus-
tomers' interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes represented 
by the Global Note and, for these pur-
poses, a statement issued by an ICSD 
stating the principal amount of Notes so 
represented at any time shall be conclu-
sive evidence of the records of the rele-
vant ICSD at that time. 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung 
bezüglich der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. bei Kauf und Entwertung der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emit-
tentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung, Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Entwertung bezüglich der Globalur-
kunde pro rata in die Register der ICSDs 
eingetragen werden und dass nach die-
ser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag 
der in die Register der ICSDs aufgenom-
menen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgezahl-
ten bzw. gekauften und entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen 
wird. 
On any redemption or interest payment 
being made in respect of, or purchase 
and cancellation of, any of the Notes 
represented by the Global Note the Is-
suer shall procure that details of such 
redemption, payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in re-
spect of the Global Note shall be en-
tered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs and, upon any such entry being 
made, the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes recorded in the records of 
the ICSDs and represented by the Global 
Note shall be reduced by the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes so re-
deemed or purchased and cancelled. 
 
 
Bei Austausch eines Anteils von durch 
eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrief-
ten Schuldverschreibungen wird die 
Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Ein-
zelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in 
die Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs aufge-
nommen werden. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the 
Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauer-Globalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
eigenhändigen Unterschriften von zwei 
Vertretungsberechtigten der Emitten-
tin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift 
eines Kontrollbeauftragten der Emissi-
onsstelle und die eigenhändige Unter-
schrift eines bevollmächtigten Vertre-
ters des gemeinsamen Wertpapierver-
wahrers.  
The Temporary Global Note and the Per-
manent Global Note shall each bear the 
manual signatures of two duly author-
ised officers of the Issuer as well as the 
manual signature of an authentication 
officer of the Fiscal Agent and the man-
ual signature of an authorised officer of 
the common safekeeper. 
 
 
 Anleihegläubiger. Den Inhabern von 
Schuldverschreibungen (Anleihegläubi-
ger) stehen Miteigentumsanteile oder 
vergleichbare andere Rechte an der 
Globalurkunde 
zu, 
die 
gemäß 
 Noteholders. The holders of Notes 
(Noteholders) are entitled to co-owner-
ship participations or other comparable 
rights in the Global Note, which are 
transferable 
in 
accordance 
with

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
anwendbarem Recht und den Bestim-
mungen und Regeln des Clearingsys-
tems übertragen werden können. 
applicable laws and the rules and regu-
lations of the Clearing System. 
 
 Status und Negativerklärung 
 Status and Negative Pledge 
 
 
 
Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen be-
gründen nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, die untereinander und mit 
allen anderen nicht besicherten und 
nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit 
zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen 
nichts anderes vorschreiben. 
 
Status. The obligations under the Notes 
constitute unsecured and unsubordi-
nated obligations of the Issuer ranking 
pari passu among themselves and pari 
passu with all other unsecured and un-
subordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
save for any obligations required to be 
preferred by law. 
 
 
 Negativerklärung. Die Emittentin ver-
pflichtet sich, solange Schuldverschrei-
bungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu 
dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an 
Kapital und Zinsen der Emissionsstelle 
zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, 
(i) für 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
(wie nachstehend definiert) nach dem 
Tag der Begebung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen kein dingliches Sicherungsrecht 
(für Zwecke dieses § 2(b), Sicherungs-
recht) am eigenen gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Vermögen zu bestellen 
oder bestehen zu lassen und (ii) sicher-
zustellen, dass ihre Tochtergesellschaf-
ten (wie nachstehend definiert) für Ka-
pitalmarktverbindlichkeiten (wie nach-
stehend definiert) nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen 
kein Sicherungsrecht am jeweils eige-
nen gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Vermögen bestellen oder bestehen las-
sen, ohne jeweils (in den Fällen von (i) 
oder (ii)) die Anleihegläubiger zur glei-
chen Zeit und im gleichen Rang an ei-
nem solchen Sicherungsrecht teilhaben 
zu lassen. 
 Negative pledge. The Issuer undertakes, 
as long as any Notes are outstanding but 
only up to the time all amounts of prin-
cipal and interest have been provided to 
the Fiscal Agent, (i) not to provide or 
permit to subsist after the issue date of 
the Notes any security interest in rem 
(for purposes of this § 2(b), Security In-
terest) upon its current or future assets 
for any Capital Market Indebtedness (as 
defined below) and (ii) to procure that 
none of its Subsidiaries (as defined be-
low) will provide or permit to subsist af-
ter the issue date of the Notes any Secu-
rity Interest upon its respective current 
or future assets for any Capital Market 
Indebtedness (as defined below), in 
each case of (i) and (ii) without at the 
same time letting the Noteholders share 
pari passu in such Security Interest. 
 
 
Die Verpflichtung nach Satz 1 dieses 
§ 2(b) findet keine Anwendung auf ein 
Sicherungsrecht, das: 
The undertaking pursuant to sentence 1 
of this § 2(b) will not apply to a Security 
Interest which: 
 
 
 
nach dem anzuwendenden Recht 
zwingend notwendig ist; oder 
 
is mandatory according to applica-
ble laws; or 
 
 
 
als Voraussetzung einer staatli-
chen Genehmigung erforderlich 
ist; oder 
 
is required as a prerequisite for 
governmental approvals; or 
 
 
 zur Besicherung einer in Bezug auf 
oder im Zusammenhang mit einer 
 is provided to secure any Capital 
Markets Indebtedness incurred in

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
Verbriefung oder vergleichbaren 
Finanzierungsvereinbarung in Be-
zug auf Vermögenswerte der 
Emittentin oder einer Tochterge-
sellschaft eingegangenen Kapital-
marktverbindlichkeit gestellt wird, 
bei der die Rückgriffsrechte der 
Gläubiger der betreffenden Kapi-
talmarktverbindlichkeit 
aus-
schließlich auf die betreffenden 
Vermögenswerte oder die daraus 
erzielten Erträge beschränkt sind, 
oder 
respect of or in connection with 
any securitisation or similar financ-
ing arrangement relating to assets 
owned by the Issuer or any Subsid-
iary and where the recourse of the 
holders of such Capital Markets In-
debtedness is limited solely to 
such assets or any income gener-
ated therefrom; or 
 
 am Vermögen einer, von der Emit-
tentin oder einer Tochtergesell-
schaft erst nach dem Tag der Be-
gebung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen erworbenen Person bestellt 
wurde, die mit dem Erwerb zu ei-
ner Tochtergesellschaft wird, so-
fern das betreffende Sicherungs-
recht bereits im Zeitpunkt des Er-
werbs durch die Emittentin oder 
die Tochtergesellschaft bestand, 
es sei denn, die betreffende Kapi-
talmarktverbindlichkeit war im 
Hinblick auf den bevorstehenden 
Erwerb dieser Person durch die 
Emittentin oder die Tochtergesell-
schaft begründet worden; oder 
 was granted over assets of a Per-
son acquired by the Issuer or a 
Subsidiary only after the issue date 
of the Notes which becomes a Sub-
sidiary upon such acquisition, pro-
vided that the Security Interest 
had been in existence at the time 
of the acquisition by the Issuer or 
the Subsidiary, unless such Secu-
rity Interest was granted in respect 
of the impending acquisition of 
that Person by the Issuer or the 
Subsidiary; or 
 
 
 
das von einer Tochtergesellschaft 
an ihren gegenwärtigen oder zu-
künftigen Forderungen gegen die 
Emittentin bestellt wird, die aus 
der Weiterleitung als Darlehen 
des Erlöses aus der Begebung von 
Wertpapieren, die in Aktien der 
Emittentin gewandelt oder umge-
tauscht werden können, durch die 
Tochtergesellschaft entstehen, so-
fern dieses Sicherungsrecht aus-
schließlich der Durchführung der 
Wandlung oder des Umtauschs 
der jeweiligen Wertpapiere dient; 
oder 
 
is provided by any Subsidiary over 
any of its present or future claims 
against the Issuer arising from the 
on-lending of the proceeds from 
the issuance by the Subsidiary of 
any securities that are convertible 
or exchangeable into shares of the 
Issuer, provided that any such Se-
curity Interest serves solely to pro-
cure the conversion or exchange of 
such securities; or 
 
 
 der Erneuerung, Verlängerung 
oder den Austausch irgendeines 
Sicherungsrechts gemäß vorste-
hend (i) bis (v) dient; oder 
 is provided in connection with the 
renewal, extension or replacement 
of any security pursuant to forego-
ing (i) through (v); or 
 
 
 eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
besichern, 
deren 
Betrag 
EUR 100.000.000 (aggregiert mit 
dem 
Betrag 
von 
anderen 
 secures a Capital Market Indebted-
ness the amount of which (when 
aggregated with the amount of 
any 
other 
Capital 
Market

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, 
die ein Sicherungsrecht besitzen, 
welches nach den vorstehenden 
Unterabsätzen nicht erlaubt ist) 
oder den Gegenwert in anderen 
Währungen zu jeder Zeit nicht 
übersteigt.  
Indebtedness which has the bene-
fit of a Security Interest not al-
lowed under the preceding sub-
paragraphs) does not exceed 
EUR 100,000,000 or its equivalent 
in other currencies at any time. 
 
Ein nach diesem § 2(b) zu leistendes Si-
cherungsrecht kann auch zu Gunsten ei-
nes Treuhänders der Anleihegläubiger 
bestellt werden. 
Any Security Interest which is to be pro-
vided in accordance with this § 2(b) may 
also be provided to a person acting as 
trustee for the Noteholders. 
 
 
Im Sinne dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
bezeichnet: 
For purposes of these Terms and Condi-
tions: 
 
 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
be-
zeichnet jede Verpflichtung zur Rück-
zahlung aufgenommener Gelder (ein-
schließlich Verpflichtungen aus Garan-
tien oder sonstigen Haftungsübernah-
men für eine solche Verbindlichkeit ei-
nes Dritten) in der Form von (i) Anlei-
hen, Schuldverschreibungen oder sons-
tigen Wertpapieren, die an einer Börse, 
einem außerbörslichen Markt oder an 
einem anderen anerkannten Wertpa-
piermarkt notiert, zugelassen oder ge-
handelt werden können und (ii) Schuld-
scheindarlehen. 
Capital Market Indebtedness shall 
mean any obligation for the repayment 
of borrowed money (including obliga-
tions by reason of any guarantee or 
other assumption of liability for any 
such obligation of a third party) in the 
form of (i) bonds, notes, debentures or 
any similar securities which are capable 
of being quoted, listed or traded on any 
stock exchange, over-the-counter mar-
ket or other recognised securities mar-
ket 
and 
(ii) 
promissory 
notes 
(Schuldschein loans).  
 
 
Person bezeichnet natürliche Personen, 
Körperschaften, Personengesellschaf-
ten, Joint Ventures, Vereinigungen, Ak-
tiengesellschaften, Trusts, nicht rechts-
fähige Vereinigungen, Gesellschaften 
mit beschränkter Haftung, staatliche 
Stellen (oder Behörden oder Gebiets-
körperschaften) oder sonstige Rechts-
träger. 
Person means any individual, corpora-
tion, partnership, joint venture, associa-
tion, joint stock company, trust, unin-
corporated organization, limited liability 
company or government (or any agency 
or political subdivision thereof) or any 
other entity. 
 
 
Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet jede 
Person, die bei der Erstellung der Kon-
zernabschlüsse nach den in der EU an-
wendbaren International Financial Re-
porting Standards (IFRS) der Emittentin 
mit ihr konsolidiert werden muss. 
Subsidiary means any Person that must 
be consolidated with the Issuer for the 
purposes of preparing consolidated fi-
nancial statements of the Issuer in ac-
cordance with IFRS as adopted by the 
EU. 
 
 
 Zinsen 
 Interest 
 
 
 
Zinszahlungstage. 
 
Interest Payment Dates. 
 
 
 
Jede Schuldverschreibung wird 
bezogen auf ihre Festgelegte Stü-
ckelung ab dem [Verzinsungsbe-
ginn einfügen] (Verzinsungsbe-
ginn) (einschließlich) bis zum 
 
Each Note bears interest on its 
Specified Denomination at the rate 
per annum equal to the Rate of In-
terest (as defined below) from and 
including 
[insert 
Interest

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(aus-
schließlich) und danach von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis zum nächstfolgenden Zinszah-
lungstag (ausschließlich) mit ei-
nem jährlichen Satz, der dem Zins-
satz (wie nachstehend definiert) 
entspricht, verzinst. Die Zinsen 
sind nachträglich an jedem Zins-
zahlungstag zahlbar. Der zahlbare 
Zinsbetrag wird gemäß § 3(d) be-
rechnet. 
Commencement Date] (Interest 
Commencement Date) to but ex-
cluding the first Interest Payment 
Date and thereafter from and in-
cluding each Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next fol-
lowing Interest Payment Date. In-
terest on the Notes will be payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date. The amount of interest pay-
able shall be determined in accord-
ance with § 3(d). 
 
 
Zinszahlungstag bezeichnet, vor-
behaltlich der Geschäftstagekon-
vention, 
 
Interest Payment Date means, 
subject to the Business Day Con-
vention, 
 
Im Fall von 
Festgeleg-
ten Zins-
zahlungs-
tagen gilt 
Folgendes: 
[festgelegte Zinszahlungstage ein-
fügen] eines jeden Jahres. 
[insert Specified Interest Payment 
Dates] in each year. 
In the 
case of 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates in-
sert: 
Im Fall von 
Festgeleg-
ten Zinspe-
rioden gilt 
Folgendes: 
(soweit diese Anleihebedingun-
gen keine abweichenden Bestim-
mungen vorsehen) jeweils den 
Tag, der [Zahl einfügen] [Wochen] 
[Monate] nach dem vorausgehen-
den Zinszahlungstag, oder im Fall 
des 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstages, 
nach 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
liegt. 
each date which (except as other-
wise provided in these Terms and 
Conditions) falls [insert number] 
[weeks] [months] after the pre-
ceding Interest Payment Date or, 
in the case of the first Interest Pay-
ment Date, after the Interest Com-
mencement Date. 
In the 
case of 
Specified 
Interest 
Periods 
insert: 
 
 Geschäftstagekonvention hat die 
folgende Bedeutung: Fällt ein 
Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der 
kein Geschäftstag (wie nachste-
hend definiert) ist, so wird der 
Zinszahlungstag 
 Business Day Convention has the 
following meaning: If any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business 
Day (as defined below), the Inter-
est Payment Date shall be 
 
Im Fall der 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day Con-
vention 
(adjusted) 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
auf den nächstfolgenden Ge-
schäftstag verschoben, es sei 
denn, jener würde dadurch in den 
nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in 
diesem Fall wird der Zinszahlungs-
tag auf den unmittelbar vorausge-
henden Geschäftstag vorgezogen. 
postponed to the next day which is 
a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event the Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought for-
ward to the immediately preced-
ing Business Day. 
In the 
case of 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day Con-
vention 
(ad-
justed), 
the fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall der 
FRN-Kon-
auf den nächstfolgenden Ge-
schäftstag verschoben, es sei 
postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would 
In the 
case of

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
vention 
(adjusted) 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
denn, jener würde dadurch in den 
nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in 
diesem Fall (i) wird der Zinszah-
lungstag auf den unmittelbar vo-
rausgehenden Geschäftstag vor-
gezogen und (ii) ist jeder nachfol-
gende Zinszahlungstag der jeweils 
letzte Geschäftstag des Monats, in 
den dieser gefallen wäre, hätte es 
die Verschiebung nicht gegeben. 
thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) the Inter-
est Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately pre-
ceding Business Day and (ii) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date 
shall be the last Business Day of 
the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment. 
FRN Con-
vention 
(ad-
justed), 
the fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall der 
Following 
Business 
Day Con-
vention 
(adjusted) 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
auf den nächstfolgenden Ge-
schäftstag verschoben. 
postponed to the next day which is 
a Business Day. 
In the 
case of 
Following 
Business 
Day Con-
vention 
(ad-
justed), 
the fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall der 
Preceding 
Business 
Day Con-
vention 
(adjusted) 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
auf den unmittelbar vorausgehen-
den Geschäftstag vorgezogen. 
the immediately preceding Busi-
ness Day. 
In the 
case of 
Preceding 
Business 
Day Con-
vention 
(ad-
justed), 
the fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 Geschäftstag bezeichnet 
 Business Day means a day which is 
 
Falls die 
Festge-
legte Wäh-
rung Euro 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag 
oder Sonntag), an dem (i) das 
Clearingsystem und (ii) das Trans-
European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer 
system 2 (TARGET) geöffnet sind, 
um Zahlungen abzuwickeln. 
a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which both (i) the 
Clearing System and (ii) the Trans-
European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer 
system 2 (TARGET) are open to ef-
fect payments. 
If the 
Specified 
Currency 
is Euro, 
the fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Festge-
legte Wäh-
rung nicht 
Euro ist, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag 
oder Sonntag), an dem (i) das 
Clearingsystem geöffnet hat und 
(ii) Geschäftsbanken und Devisen-
märkte in [sämtliche relevanten 
Finanzzentren einfügen] und das 
Clearingsystem 
für 
Geschäfte 
a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which both (i) the 
Clearing System and (ii) commer-
cial banks and the Clearing System 
are generally open for business 
and foreign exchange markets set-
tle payments in [insert all relevant 
financial centres]. 
If the 
Specified 
Currency 
is not 
Euro, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
geöffnet sind bzw. Zahlungen ab-
wickeln. 
 
 
 
 
 
 Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz für jede Zinsperi-
ode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist der 
Zinssatz per annum, der dem Referenz-
satz (wie nachstehend definiert) [[zu-
züglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie 
nachstehend definiert)] entspricht, wo-
bei der Zinssatz mindestens 0,00 % per 
annum beträgt. 
 Rate of Interest. The Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) 
will be a rate per annum equal to the 
Reference Rate (as defined below) 
[[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined 
below)], subject to a minimum of 0.00 
per cent. per annum  
 
Im Falle ei-
ner Marge 
gilt folgen-
des 
Die Marge beträgt [Marge] % per an-
num. 
Margin means [Margin] per cent. per 
annum. 
In case of 
a Margin 
the fol-
lowing 
applies 
 
Zinsperiode bezeichnet den Zeitraum 
ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließ-
lich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) sowie jeden folgenden 
Zeitraum ab einem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum jeweils darauf-
folgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließ-
lich). 
Interest Period means each period from 
and including the Interest Commence-
ment Date to but excluding the first In-
terest Payment Date and each succes-
sive period from and including an Inter-
est Payment Date to but excluding the 
following Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
 
Feststellung des Referenzsatzes. Die Be-
rechnungsstelle bestimmt an jedem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag den betreffenden 
Referenzsatz nach Maßgabe dieses 
§ 3(c). 
 
Determination of the Reference Rate. 
The Calculation Agent will determine 
the relevant Reference Rate in accord-
ance with this § 3(c) on each Interest 
Determination Date. 
 
 
Der Referenzsatz für jede Zinsperiode 
wird wie folgt bestimmt. 
The Reference Rate for each Interest Pe-
riod will be determined as follows: 
 
 
 
Für jede Zinsperiode, die vor dem 
Eintritt des jeweiligen Stichtags 
(wie in § 3(e)(vii) definiert) be-
ginnt, entspricht der Referenzsatz 
dem Ursprünglichen Benchmark-
satz an dem betreffenden Zins-
festsetzungtag. 
 
For each Interest Period beginning 
prior to the occurrence of the rele-
vant Effective Date (as defined in § 
3(e)(vii)), the Reference Rate will 
be equal to the Original Bench-
mark Rate on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date.  
 
 
Falls der Ursprüngliche Bench-
marksatz zu dem betreffenden 
Zeitpunkt an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag nicht auf der 
Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird, 
entspricht der "Referenzsatz" dem 
Referenzbankensatz an diesem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
If the Original Benchmark Rate 
does not appear on the Screen 
Page as at such time on the rele-
vant Interest Determination Date, 
the "Reference Rate" will be equal 
to the Reference Bank Rate on that 
Interest Determination Date. 
 
 
Falls 
der 
Referenzbankensatz 
nicht gemäß der Definition dieses 
If the Reference Bank Rate cannot 
be determined in accordance with

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
Begriffs festgestellt werden kann, 
entspricht der "Referenzsatz" dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
auf der Bildschirmseite an dem 
letzten Tag vor dem Zinsfestset-
zungstag, an dem dieser Ur-
sprüngliche Benchmarksatz ange-
zeigt wurde. 
the definition of such term, the 
"Reference Rate" shall be equal to 
the Original Benchmark Rate on 
the Screen Page on the last day 
preceding the Interest Determina-
tion Date on which such Original 
Benchmark Rate was displayed. 
 
 
Für jede Zinsperiode, die an oder 
nach dem jeweiligen Stichtag be-
ginnt, wird der "Referenzsatz" ge-
mäß § 3(e) bestimmt. 
 
For each Interest Period com-
mencing on or after the relevant 
Effective Date, the "Reference 
Rate" will be determined in ac-
cordance with § 3(e). 
 
 
Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz an ei-
nem Tag bezeichnet (vorbehaltlich 
§ 3(e)) die [1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-Monats Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum), die an dem be-
treffenden Tag um 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) festgesetzt und auf der Bild-
schirmseite angezeigt wird. 
Original Benchmark Rate on any day 
means (subject to § 3(e)) the [1 / 3 / 6 / 
12]-months Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) fixed at, and appearing on, 
the Screen Page as of 11.00 a.m. (Brus-
sels time) on such day. 
 
 
Referenzbankensatz bezeichnet den 
(als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrück-
ten) Satz für Einlagen in Euro für die be-
treffende Zinsperiode und über einen 
Repräsentativen Betrag (auf Grundlage 
des Actual/360 Zinstagequotienten), 
den die Referenzbanken (wie nachste-
hend definiert) gegenüber führenden 
Banken im Interbankenmarkt der Euro-
Zone um ca. 11:00 Uhr (Brüsseler Orts-
zeit) an dem betreffenden Zinsfestset-
zungstag nennen, und der wie folgt be-
stimmt wird: Die Emittentin wird jede 
Referenzbank bitten, der Berechnungs-
stelle ihren Angebotssatz mitzuteilen. 
Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken 
der Berechnungsstelle solche Ange-
botssätze nennen, ist der Referenzban-
kensatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode 
das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforder-
lich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste tausendstel Prozent, wobei 
0,0005 aufgerundet wird) dieser Ange-
botssätze, wobei alle Feststellungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
Reference Bank Rate means the rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per an-
num) at which deposits in Euro are of-
fered by the Reference Banks (as de-
fined below) at approximately 11:00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant In-
terest Determination Date to prime 
banks in the Euro-Zone interbank mar-
ket for the relevant Interest Period and 
in a Representative Amount, assuming 
an Actual/360 day count basis, deter-
mined as follows: The Issuer shall re-
quest each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its 
offered quotation. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the 
Reference Bank Rate for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of 
such offered quotations, all as deter-
mined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
 
Falls an dem betreffenden Zinsfestset-
zungstag nur eine oder keine der Refe-
renzbanken der Berechnungsstelle die 
im vorstehenden Absatz beschriebenen 
Angebotssätze nennt, ist der Referenz-
bankensatz für die betreffende Zinspe-
riode der Satz per annum, den die 
If on the relevant Interest Determina-
tion Date only one or none of the Refer-
ence Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the Reference Bank Rate for the rele-
vant Interest Period shall be the rate per

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
Berechnungsstelle als das arithmeti-
sche Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder 
abgerundet auf das nächste tausendstel 
Prozent, wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet 
wird) der Sätze ermittelt, die von der 
Emittentin ausgewählte Großbanken im 
Interbankenmarkt der Euro-Zone um 
ca. 11:00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) der 
Berechnungsstelle auf Bitte der Emit-
tentin als den jeweiligen Satz nennen, 
zu dem sie an dem betreffenden Zins-
festsetzungstag Darlehen in Euro für die 
betreffende Zinsperiode und über ei-
nen Repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber 
führenden europäischen Banken anbie-
ten. 
annum which the Calculation Agent de-
termines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the 
rates, as communicated at approxi-
mately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) at the 
request of the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent by major banks in the Euro-Zone 
interbank market, selected by the Is-
suer, at which such banks offer, on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, 
loans in Euro for the relevant Interest 
Period and in a Representative Amount 
to leading European banks. 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
 
 
Bildschirmseite bezeichnet die Reuters 
Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine 
andere Bildschirmseite von Reuters 
oder von einem anderen Informations-
anbieter als Nachfolger, welche die 
Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 er-
setzt. 
Screen Page means the Reuters screen 
page EURIBOR01 or such other screen 
page of Reuters or such other infor-
mation service which is the successor to 
the Reuters screen page EURIBOR01. 
 
 
Euro-Zone bezeichnet das Gebiet derje-
nigen Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung der Europäischen Gemein-
schaft (unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. 
März 1957), geändert durch den Ver-
trag über die Europäische Union (unter-
zeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992) und den Amsterdamer Vertrag 
vom 2. Oktober 1997, in seiner jeweili-
gen Fassung, eine einheitliche Währung 
eingeführt haben oder jeweils einge-
führt haben werden. 
Euro-zone means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European 
Union that have adopted, or will have 
adopted from time to time, the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as 
amended by the Treaty on European 
Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 Febru-
ary 1992) and the Amsterdam Treaty of 
2 October 1997, as further amended 
from time to time. 
 
 
Referenzbanken bezeichnet die Haupt-
niederlassungen von vier von der Emit-
tentin ausgewählten großen Banken im 
Interbankenmarkt der Euro-Zone. 
Reference Banks means the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in 
the Euro-zone interbank market, in each 
case selected by the Issuer. 
 
 
Repräsentativer Betrag bezeichnet ei-
nen Betrag, der zu dem betreffenden 
Zeitpunkt in dem jeweiligen Markt für 
eine einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ 
ist. 
Representative Amount means an 
amount that is representative for a sin-
gle transaction in the relevant market at 
the relevant time. 
 
 
TARGET-Geschäftstag bezeichnet ei-
nen Tag, an dem das Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement 
Express Transfer system 2 (TARGET) be-
triebsbereit ist. 
TARGET Business Day means a day on 
which the Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer system 2 (TARGET) is operat-
ing.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
Zinsfestsetzungstag bezeichnet den 
zweiten TARGET-Geschäftstag vor Be-
ginn der jeweiligen Zinsperiode. 
Interest Determination Date means the 
second TARGET Business Day prior to 
the commencement of the relevant In-
terest Period. 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls ein 
kurzer 
oder lan-
ger [erster 
/ letzter] 
Kupon so-
wie Inter-
polation 
anwend-
bar ist, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Für die [erste][letzte] Zinsperiode legt 
die Berechnungsstelle den Referenzsatz 
am Zinsfestsetzungstag in kaufmän-
nisch vernünftiger Weise durch lineare 
Interpolation zwischen zwei Referenzs-
ätzen fest, von denen (i) der eine Refe-
renzsatz für einen Zeitraum zu bestim-
men ist, für den es einen dem Referenz-
satz vergleichbaren Referenzsatz gibt 
und der der Länge der anwendbaren 
Zinsperiode am nächsten kommt, aber 
kürzer als diese ist und (ii) der andere 
Referenzsatz für einen Zeitraum zu be-
stimmen ist, für den es einen dem Refe-
renzsatz vergleichbaren Referenzsatz 
gibt und der der Länge der anwendba-
ren Zinsperiode am nächsten kommt, 
aber länger als diese ist. 
In respect of the [first][last] Interest Pe-
riod, the Reference Rate shall be deter-
mined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date in a com-
mercially reasonable manner using the 
straight-line interpolation by reference 
to two reference rates, (i) one of which 
shall be determined for a term for which 
a reference rate similar to the Reference 
Rate is available and which is next clos-
est to but shorter than the applicable In-
terest Period and (ii) the other of which 
shall be determined for a term for which 
a reference rate similar to the Reference 
Rate is available and which is next clos-
est to but longer than the applicable In-
terest Period. 
In the 
case a 
short/lon
g [first / 
last] cou-
pon and 
interpola-
tion is ap-
plicable, 
the fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
 Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird 
zu oder baldmöglichst nach jedem Zins-
festsetzungstag, den auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen fälligen Zinsbetrag bezo-
gen auf jede Festgelegte Stückelung 
(Zinsbetrag) für die entsprechende 
Zinsperiode berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag 
wird ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz und 
der Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend 
definiert) auf jede Festgelegten Stücke-
lung angewendet werden, wobei der 
resultierende Betrag [falls die Festge-
legte Währung Euro ist einfügen: auf 
den nächsten 0,01 Euro auf- oder abge-
rundet wird, wobei 0,005 Euro aufge-
rundet werden.] [falls die Festgelegte 
Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: auf 
die kleinste Einheit der Festgelegten 
Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, 
wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerun-
det werden.] 
 Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent 
will, on or as soon as practicable after 
each Interest Determination Date, cal-
culate the amount of interest (Interest 
Amount) payable on the Notes in re-
spect of each Specified Denomination 
for the relevant Interest Period. Each In-
terest Amount shall be calculated by ap-
plying the Rate of Interest and the Day 
Count Fraction (as defined below) to 
each 
Specified 
Denomination 
and 
rounding the resulting figure [if the 
Specified Currency is Euro insert: to the 
nearest 0.01 Euro, 0.005 Euro being 
rounded upwards.] [if the Specified Cur-
rency is not Euro insert: to the nearest 
minimum unit of the Specified Currency, 
with 0.5 of such unit being rounded up-
wards.] 
 
 
Zinstagequotient bezeichnet bei der 
Berechnung des Zinsbetrages für einen 
beliebigen Zeitraum (ab dem ersten Tag 
dieses Zeitraums (einschließlich) bis 
zum letzten Tag dieses Zeitraums 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of 
the calculation of an amount of interest 
on any Note for any period of time (from 
and including the first day of such period 
to but excluding the last day of such

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
(ausschließlich)) (unabhängig davon, ob 
es sich dabei um eine Zinsperiode han-
delt, Zinsberechnungszeitraum): 
period) (whether or not constituting an 
Interest Period, Calculation Period): 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
Actual 
(ISDA)" 
Methode 
anwend-
bar ist, gilt 
Folgendes: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage 
im Zinsberechnungszeitraum divi-
diert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil 
dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitrau-
mes in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die 
Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen 
Anzahl der Tage in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in 
das Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert 
durch 366 und (B) die tatsächliche 
Anzahl der Tage in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
die 
nicht in ein Schaltjahr fallen, divi-
diert durch 365). 
(i) 
the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Calcula-
tion Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calcula-
tion Period falling in a leap year di-
vided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period not falling in 
a leap year divided by 365). 
If "Ac-
tual / Ac-
tual 
(ISDA)" 
applies, 
the fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
365 (Fi-
xed)" Me-
thode an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage 
im Zinsberechnungszeitraum divi-
diert durch 365. 
(ii) 
the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365. 
If "Ac-
tual / 365 
(Fixed)" 
applies, 
the fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
360" Me-
thode an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
 die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage 
im Zinsberechnungszeitraum divi-
diert durch 360. 
(iii) the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360. 
If "Ac-
tual / 
360" ap-
plies, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"30 / 
360"oder 
"360 / 
360" oder 
Bond Basis 
Methode 
anwend-
bar ist, gilt 
Folgendes: 
 die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch 360, (wobei die Anzahl der 
Tage auf Grundlage eines Jahres 
von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten je 
30 Tagen zu berechnen ist, (es sei 
denn, (A) der letzte Tag des Zins-
berechnungszeitraums fällt auf 
den 31. Tag eines Monats, wäh-
rend der erste Tag des Zinsberech-
nungszeitraums weder auf den 30. 
noch auf den 31. Tag eines Mo-
nats fällt; in diesem Fall ist der 
Monat des letzten Tages des Zins-
berechnungszeitraums nicht als 
ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat 
(iv) the number of days in the Calcula-
tion Period divided by 360 (the 
number of days to be calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months (unless (A) the 
last day of the Calculation Period is 
the 31st day of a month but the 
first day of the Calculation Period 
is a day other than the 30th or 31st 
day of a month, in which case the 
month that includes that last day 
shall not be considered to be 
shortened to a 30-day month, or 
(B) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month 
of February, in which case the 
If "30 / 
360" or 
"360 / 
360" or 
Bond Ba-
sis ap-
plies, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
zu behandeln; oder (B) der letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeit-
raums fällt auf den letzten Tag des 
Monats Februar; in diesem Fall ist 
der Monat Februar nicht als ein 
auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu 
behandeln). 
month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 
30-day month). 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"30E / 
360" oder 
"Eurobond 
Basis" Me-
thode an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert 
durch 360 (dabei ist die Anzahl der 
Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jah-
res von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten 
zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und 
zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des 
Datums des ersten oder letzten 
Tages des Zinsberechnungszeit-
raumes). 
(v) 
the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 (the number of 
days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day 
months, without regard to the date of 
the first day or last day of the Calcula-
tion Period). 
If "30E / 
360" or 
"Euro-
bond Ba-
sis" ap-
plies, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn "An-
passung 
des Zins-
satzes" an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
 Anpassung des Zinssatzes. Der auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlende 
Zinssatz wird im Fall einer Zinserhöhen-
den Ratingänderung oder einer Zins-
senkenden Ratingänderung (jeweils wie 
nachstehend definiert) folgenderma-
ßen angepasst: 
 Adjustment of rate of interest. The rate 
of interest payable on the Notes will be 
subject to adjustment in the event of an 
Interest-Step-Up-Event or an Interest-
Step-Down-Event (each as defined be-
low), as follows: 
If "Ad-
justment 
of rate of 
interest" 
applies, 
the fol-
lowing 
applies:
 
 
vorbehaltlich der nachstehenden 
Absätze (iii) und (iv), entspricht 
der Zinssatz mit Wirkung vom 
(einschließlich) ersten Zinszah-
lungstag, der auf den Tag der Zins-
erhöhenden Ratingänderung (wie 
unten definiert) oder danach fällt, 
bis zum Fälligkeitsdatum (aus-
schließlich) 
(vorbehaltlich 
der 
Bestimmungen im nachstehenden 
Absatz (ii)) der Summe aus dem 
gemäß vorstehendem § 3(b) be-
stimmten Zinssatz und der Zinser-
höhenden Rate (wie nachstehend 
definiert). 
(i) 
Subject to paragraph (iii) and (iv) 
below, the rate of interest shall be 
the sum of the Rate of Interest as 
determined in accordance with § 
3(b) above and the Step up Rate 
(as defined below) with effect 
from and including the first Inter-
est Payment Date falling on or af-
ter the Date of the Interest-Step-
Up-Event (as defined below) to but 
excluding the Maturity Date (sub-
ject to the provisions of paragraph 
(ii) below). 
 
 
 
Vorbehaltlich der nachstehenden 
Absätze (iii) und (iv) entspricht der 
Zinssatz mit Wirkung vom (ein-
schließlich) ersten Zinszahlungs-
tag, der auf den Tag einer Zinssen-
kenden Ratingänderung oder da-
nach fällt, bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) 
dem 
gemäß 
(ii) 
Subject to paragraphs (iii) and (iv) 
below, the rate of interest shall be 
the Rate of Interest as determined 
in accordance with § 3 (b) above 
with effect from and including the 
first Interest Payment Date falling 
on or after the Date of the Interest-
Step-Down-Event to but excluding 
the Maturity Date.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
vorstehendem § 3(b) bestimmten 
Zinssatz. 
 
 Wenn während der selben Zinspe-
riode zunächst ein Tag der Zinser-
höhenden Ratingänderung und 
dann ein Tag der Zinssenkenden 
Ratingänderung eintritt, wird der 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlende Zinssatz auf Grund die-
ser Ereignisse weder erhöht noch 
verringert. 
(iii) If first a Date of the Interest-Step-
Up-Event and, secondly, a Date of 
the Interest-Step-Down-Event oc-
cur during the same interest pe-
riod, the rate of interest payable 
on the Notes shall neither be in-
creased nor decreased as result of 
either such events. 
 
 
 Wurde der auf die Schuldver-
schreibung-en zu zahlende Zins-
satz aufgrund einer Zinserhöhen-
den Ratingänderung bereits er-
höht, erfolgt keine weitere Erhö-
hung infolge weiterer Zinserhö-
henden Ratingänderungen. 
(iv) If the rate of interest payable on 
the Notes has already been in-
creased due to an Interest-Step-
Up-Event, no further increase will 
be made as a result of any further 
Interest-Step-Up-Events. 
 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird den Eintritt ei-
nes Ereignisses, das zu einer An-
passung des auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen zu zahlenden Zins-
satzes gemäß diesem § 3(e) führt, 
unverzüglich der Emissionsstelle 
mitteilen und unverzüglich, nach-
dem sie von dem Eintritt des Ereig-
nisses Kenntnis erlangt hat, aber 
jedenfalls nicht später als am sieb-
ten Tag nach Kenntniserlangung, 
eine entsprechende Mitteilung 
gemäß § 12 veröffentlichen. 
(v) 
The Issuer will promptly notify the 
occurrence of an event giving rise 
to an adjustment in the rate of in-
terest payable on the Notes pursu-
ant to this § 3(e) to the Fiscal Agent 
and will cause notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with § 12 
promptly upon becoming aware of 
such event, but in no event later 
than the seventh day thereafter. 
 
 
Investment-Grade-Rating 
bezeichnet 
ein den Schuldverschreibungen zuge-
wiesenes Rating von (i) mindestens 
„Baa3“ von Moody’s, (ii) mindestens 
„BBB-“ von S&P oder (iii) mindestens 
„BBB-“ von Fitch. 
Investment Grade Rating means a rat-
ing assigned to the Notes of (i) at least 
"Baa3" from Moody’s, (ii) at least "BBB-
" from S&P or (iii) at least "BBB-" from 
Fitch. 
 
 
Rating Agentur bezeichnet Moody’s In-
vestors Services Limited ("Moody’s"), 
Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings Eu-
rope Ltd. ("S&P") oder Fitch Ratings Ltd, 
London ("Fitch") oder einer ihrer jewei-
ligen Nachfolger. 
Rating Agency means Moody’s Inves-
tors 
Services 
Limited 
("Moody’s"), 
Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings Eu-
rope Ltd. ("S&P") or Fitch Ratings Ltd, 
London ("Fitch") or any of their respec-
tive successors. 
 
 
Zinserhöhende Rate bedeutet 1,25 % 
per annum.  
Step Up Rate means 1.25% per annum. 
 
 
Eine Zinserhöhende Ratingänderung 
erfolgt, wenn ein angefordertes Rating, 
das zuvor von einer Rating-Agentur den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zugewiesen 
wurde, (i) zurückgenommen oder (ii) 
A Step Up Rating Change shall occur if 
any solicited rating previously assigned 
to the Notes by any Rating Agency is (i) 
withdrawn or (ii) changed from an In-
vestment Grade Rating (as defined

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
von einem Investment-Grade-Rating 
(wie vorstehend definiert) in ein Non-
Investment-Grade-Rating 
(Ba1 
von 
Moody's oder BB+ von Fitch oder BB+ 
von S&P oder schlechter) geändert 
wird. Für den Fall, dass die Geschäftstä-
tigkeit einer Ratingagentur eingestellt 
wird oder eine Ratingagentur ihre Li-
zenz zur Vergabe eines Ratings für die 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß gelten-
dem Recht verliert und die betreffende 
Ratingagentur in jedem dieser Fälle die 
Vergabe eines Rating der Schuldver-
schreibungen nicht fortsetzt, so gilt die 
Beendigung des Ratings der Schuldver-
schreibungen nicht als Rücknahme des 
Ratings der Schuldverschreibungen im 
Sinne des vorstehenden Satzes. 
above) to a non-investment grade rating 
(Ba1 by Moody’s or BB+ by Fitch or BB+ 
by S&P, or worse). In case that a cessa-
tion of the business operations of any 
Rating Agency occurs or if any Rating 
Agency forfeits its license to assign a rat-
ing to the Notes as required by applica-
ble law and if, in each case, the con-
cerned Rating Agency does not continue 
to assign a rating to the Notes, such ces-
sation of the rating of the Notes shall 
not be deemed to be a withdrawal of 
the rating for the Notes within the 
meaning of the preceding sentence. 
 
Ein Zinserhöhendes Ereignis tritt an 
dem Tag (Tag des Zinserhöhenden Er-
eignisses) ein, der drei Monate nach 
dem Tag liegt, an dem eine Ratingagen-
tur (wie vorstehend definiert) eine Zins-
erhöhende Ratingänderung (wie vor-
stehend definiert) öffentlich bekannt 
gegeben hat (dies gilt für den Fall, dass 
die Emittentin über mehr als ein ange-
fordertes Rating von mehr als einer Ra-
tingagentur verfügt, jedoch nur, sofern 
zumindest eine weitere Ratingagentur 
zuvor oder am selben Tag eine Zinser-
höhende Ratingänderung öffentlich be-
kannt gegeben hat), es sei denn, diese 
Ratingagentur hat der Emittentin vor 
dem Datum des Zinserhöhenden Ereig-
nisse ein Investment-Grade-Rating zu-
gewiesen. 
An Interest-Step-Up-Event shall occur 
on the date (Date of the Interest-Step-
Up-Event) falling three months after the 
date on which a Rating Agency (as de-
fined above) has publicly announced a 
Step Up Rating Change (as defined 
above) (but, if the Issuer has more than 
one solicited rating from more than one 
Rating Agency, only to the extent that at 
least one further Rating Agency previ-
ously or on the same day publicly an-
nounced a Step Up Rating Change), un-
less such Rating Agency has reassigned 
to the Issuer an Investment Grade Rat-
ing before the Date of the Interest-Step-
Up-Event. 
 
 
Ein Zinssenkendes Ereignis tritt an dem 
Tag (Tag des Zinssenkenden Ereignis-
ses) ein, der auf den Tag fällt, an dem 
eine Rating-Agentur öffentlich eine 
Zinssenkende 
Ratingänderung 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) bekannt gege-
ben hat (dies gilt für den Fall, dass die 
Emittentin über mehr als ein angefor-
dertes Rating von mehr als einer Ratin-
gagentur verfügt, jedoch nur, sofern zu-
mindest eine weitere Ratingagentur zu-
vor oder am selben Tag eine Zinssen-
kende Ratingänderung öffentlich be-
kannt gegeben hat). 
An Interest-Step-Down-Event shall oc-
cur on the date (Date of the Interest-
Step-Down-Event) falling on the date on 
which a Rating Agency has publicly an-
nounced a Step Down Rating Change (as 
defined below) (but, if the Issuer has 
more than one solicited rating from 
more than one Rating Agency, only to 
the extent that at least one further Rat-
ing Agency previously or on the same 
day publicly announced a Step Down 
Rating Change). 
 
 
Eine Zinssenkende Ratingänderung 
tritt ein, wenn (i) ein angefordertes Ra-
ting, das den Schuldverschreibungen 
A Step Down Rating Change shall occur 
if (i) any solicited rating previously as-
signed to the Notes by any Rating

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
zuvor von einer Ratingagentur zugewie-
sen wurde, von einem Non-Investment-
Grade-Rating (Ba1 von Moody's oder 
BB+ von Fitch oder BB+ von S&P oder 
schlechter) in ein Investment-Grade-
Rating geändert wird oder (ii) wenn 
eine Rating-Agentur, die den Schuldver-
schreibungen zuvor kein angefordertes 
Rating zugewiesen hat, den Schuldver-
schreibungen ein Investment-Grade-
Rating zuweist. 
Agency is changed from a non-invest-
ment grade rating (Ba1 by Moody’s, or 
BB+ by Fitch or BB+ by S&P, or worse) to 
an Investment Grade Rating or (ii) if a 
Rating Agency that had not previously 
assigned a solicited rating to the Notes 
assigns an Investment Grade Rating to 
the Notes. 
 
 
Benchmark-Ereignis. 
 
Benchmark Event 
 
 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug 
auf den Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz 
eintritt, gilt für die Bestimmung des be-
treffenden Referenzsatzes und die Ver-
zinsung der Schuldverschreibungen ge-
mäß § 3 Folgendes: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation 
to the Original Benchmark Rate, the rel-
evant Reference Rate and the interest 
on the Notes in accordance with § 3 will 
be determined as follows: 
 
 
 
Unabhängiger Berater. Die Emit-
tentin wird sich bemühen, sobald 
dies nach Eintritt des Benchmark-
Ereignisses (wie in § 3(e)(vi) defi-
niert) und vor dem nächsten Zins-
festsetzungstag erforderlich ist, 
einen Unabhängigen Berater (wie 
in § 3(e)(vi) definiert) zu benen-
nen, der einen Neuen Benchmark-
satz (wie in § 3(e)(vi) definiert), die 
Anpassungsspanne 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(e)(vi) definiert) und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen (wie in 
§ 3(e)(iv) definiert) festlegt. 
 
Independent Adviser. The Issuer 
shall, as soon as this is required fol-
lowing the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event (as defined in 
§ 3(e)(vi)) and prior to the next In-
terest Determination Date, en-
deavour to appoint an Independ-
ent 
Adviser 
(as 
defined 
in 
§ 3(e)(vi)), who will determine a 
New Benchmark Rate (as defined 
in § 3(e)(vi)), the Adjustment 
Spread (as defined in § 3(e)(vi)) 
and any Benchmark Amendments 
(as defined in § 3(e)(iv)). 
 
 
 
Ausweichsatz (Fallback). Wenn 
vor dem 10. Geschäftstag vor dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
 
Fallback rate. If, prior to the 10th 
Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, 
 
 
 die Emittentin keinen Unab-
hängigen Berater ernannt 
hat; oder 
 the Issuer has not appointed 
an Independent Adviser; or 
 
 
 der ernannte Unabhängige 
Berater 
keinen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, keine An-
passungsspanne 
und/oder 
keine Benchmark-Änderun-
gen (sofern erforderlich) ge-
mäß diesem § 3(e) festgelegt 
hat, 
 the Independent Adviser ap-
pointed by it has not deter-
mined a New Benchmark 
Rate, has not determined the 
Adjustment Spread and/or 
has not determined any 
Benchmark Amendments (if 
required) in accordance with 
this § 3(e), 
 
 
dann entspricht der Referenzsatz 
für die nächste Zinsperiode dem 
an dem letzten, unmittelbar vor 
then the Reference Rate applica-
ble to the immediately following 
Interest Period shall be the

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
Eintritt des relevanten Stichtags 
liegenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
festgestellten Referenzsatz. 
Reference Rate determined on the 
last Interest Determination Date 
immediately preceding the rele-
vant Effective Date. 
 
Falls der Ausweichsatz gemäß die-
sem § 3(e)(ii) zur Anwendung 
kommt, wird § 3(e) erneut ange-
wendet, um den Referenzsatz für 
die nächste nachfolgende (und, 
sofern notwendig, weitere nach-
folgende) Zinsperiode(n) zu be-
stimmen. 
If the fallback rate determined in 
accordance with this § 3(e)(ii) is to 
be applied, § 3(e) will be operated 
again to determine the Reference 
Rate applicable to the next subse-
quent (and, if required, further 
subsequent) Interest Period(s). 
 
 
 Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
oder 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
Falls 
der Unabhängige Berater nach bil-
ligem Ermessen feststellt, 
 Successor Benchmark Rate or Al-
ternative Benchmark Rate. If the 
Independent Adviser determines 
in its reasonable discretion that: 
 
 
 dass es einen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann ist 
dieser 
Nachfolge-Bench-
marksatz der Neue Bench-
marksatz; oder 
 there is a Successor Bench-
mark Rate, then such Succes-
sor Benchmark Rate shall 
subsequently be the New 
Benchmark Rate; or 
 
 
 dass es keinen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz aber einen 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
gibt, dann ist dieser Alterna-
tiv-Benchmarksatz der Neue 
Benchmarksatz. 
 there is no Successor Bench-
mark Rate but that there is an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
then such Alternative Bench-
mark Rate shall subsequently 
be the New Benchmark Rate. 
 
 
In beiden Fällen entspricht der 
"Referenzsatz" für die unmittelbar 
nachfolgende Zinsperiode und alle 
folgenden Zinsperioden dann (x) 
dem Neuen Benchmarksatz an 
dem betreffenden Zinsfestset-
zungstag zuzüglich (y) der Anpas-
sungsspanne. 
In either case the "Reference Rate" 
for the immediately following In-
terest Period and all following In-
terest Periods will then be (x) the 
New Benchmark Rate on the rele-
vant Interest Determination Date 
plus (y) the Adjustment Spread. 
 
 
 Benchmark-Änderungen. 
Wenn 
ein Neuer Benchmarksatz und die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungs-
spanne gemäß diesem § 3(e) fest-
gelegt werden, und wenn der Un-
abhängige Berater feststellt, dass 
Änderungen hinsichtlich dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
notwendig 
sind, um die ordnungsgemäße An-
wendung des Neuen Benchmark-
satzes und der entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne zu gewährleis-
ten (diese Änderungen, Bench-
mark-Änderungen), dann wird 
der Unabhängige Berater die 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
 Benchmark Amendments. If any 
relevant New Benchmark Rate and 
the applicable Adjustment Spread 
are determined in accordance with 
this § 3(e), and if the Independent 
Adviser determines that amend-
ments to these Terms and Condi-
tions are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such New 
Benchmark Rate and the applica-
ble Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, Benchmark Amend-
ments), then the Independent Ad-
viser will determine the Bench-
mark Amendments and the Issuer

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
feststellen und wird die Emittentin 
diese durch eine Mitteilung ge-
mäß § 3(e)(v) bekanntmachen. 
will give notice thereof in accord-
ance with § 3(e)(v). 
 
Diese 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
können insbesondere folgende 
Regelungen erfassen: 
The Benchmark Amendments may 
include without limitation: 
 
 
 den Referenzsatz einschließ-
lich der "Bildschirmseite" 
und/oder (in Ersetzung von 
Ziffer (i) der Definition des 
Begriffs "Referenzsatz" in 
§ 3(c)) die Methode zur Be-
stimmung des Ausweichsat-
zes (sog. Fallback) für den 
Referenzsatz 
einschließlich 
des Referenzbankensatzes; 
und/oder 
 the Reference Rate including 
the "Screen Page" and/or (in 
replacement of clause (i) of 
the definition of the term 
"Reference Rate" in § 3(c)) 
the method for determining 
the fallback rate in relation to 
the Reference Rate, including 
the Reference Bank Rate; 
and/or 
 
 
 die Definitionen der Begriffe 
"Geschäftstag", "Geschäfts-
tagekonvention", "Zinsperi-
ode", 
"Zinstagequotient", 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" 
und/oder "Zinszahlungstag" 
(einschließlich der Festle-
gung ob der Referenzsatz vo-
rausschauend vor oder zu 
Beginn 
der 
betreffenden 
Zinsperiode oder zurückbli-
ckend vor oder zu dem Ende 
der betreffenden Zinsperi-
ode 
bestimmt 
wird); 
und/oder 
 the definitions of the terms 
"Business Day", "Business 
Day Convention", "Interest 
Period", "Day Count Frac-
tion", "Interest Determina-
tion Date" and/or "Interest 
Payment Date" (including the 
determination whether the 
Reference Rate will be deter-
mined in advance on or prior 
to the relevant Interest Pe-
riod or in arrear on or prior to 
the end of the relevant Inter-
est Period); and/or 
 
 
 der 
Geschäftstagekonven-
tion gemäß § 5(d). 
 the business day convention 
in § 5(d) 
 
 
 
Mitteilungen, etc. Die Emittentin 
wird einen Neuen Benchmarksatz, 
die Anpassungsspanne und etwa-
ige Benchmark-Änderungen ge-
mäß diesem § 3(e) der Emissions-
stelle, der Berechnungsstelle, den 
Zahlstellen und gemäß § 12 den 
Anleihegläubigern mitteilen, und 
zwar sobald eine solche Mitteilung 
(nach Ansicht der Emittentin) nach 
deren Feststellung erforderlich ist, 
spätestens jedoch an dem 10. Ge-
schäftstag vor dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. Eine solche 
Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich und 
hat den Stichtag zu benennen. 
 
Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify 
any New Benchmark Rate, the Ad-
justment Spread and the Bench-
mark Amendments (if any) deter-
mined under this § 3(e) to the Fis-
cal Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agents and, in accord-
ance with § 12, the Noteholders as 
soon as such notification is (in the 
Issuer's view) required following 
the determination thereof, but in 
any event not later than on the 
10th Business Day prior to the rel-
evant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date. Such notice shall be irrevoca-
ble and shall specify the Effective 
Date.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
Der Neue Benchmarksatz, die An-
passungsspanne 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen, die je-
weils in der Mitteilung benannt 
werden, sind für die Emittentin, 
die Emissionsstelle, die Berech-
nungsstelle, die Zahlstellen und 
die Anleihegläubiger bindend. Die 
Anleihebedingungen gelten ab 
dem Stichtag als durch den Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, die Anpassungs-
spanne und die etwaigen Bench-
mark-Änderungen geändert. 
The New Benchmark Rate, the Ad-
justment Spread and the Bench-
mark Amendments (if any), each as 
specified in such notice, will be 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Notehold-
ers. The Terms and Conditions 
shall be deemed to have been 
amended by the New Benchmark 
Rate, the Adjustment Spread and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) with effect from the Effective 
Date. 
 
 
An oder vor dem Tag dieser Mit-
teilung hat die Emittentin der 
Emissionsstelle und der Berech-
nungsstelle eine durch zwei Un-
terschriftsberechtigte der Emit-
tentin unterzeichnete Bescheini-
gung zu überlassen, die 
On or prior to the date of such no-
tice, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent and the Calculation 
Agent a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Is-
suer: 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
bestätigt, dass ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist; 
(I) 
confirming 
that 
a 
Benchmark Event has 
occurred; 
 
 
 den nach Maßgabe 
der 
Bestimmungen 
dieses § 3(e) festge-
stellten 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
be-
nennt; 
(II) 
specifying the rele-
vant New Benchmark 
Rate determined in 
accordance with the 
provisions 
of 
this 
§ 3(e); 
 
 
 die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsspanne 
und etwaige Bench-
mark-Änderungen 
benennt, die jeweils 
nach Maßgabe der 
Bestimmungen 
die-
ses § 3(e) festgestellt 
wurden; und 
(III) specifying the applica-
ble 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amend-
ments (if any), each 
determined in accord-
ance with the provi-
sions of this § 3(e); 
and 
 
 
 den 
Stichtag 
be-
nennt; und 
(IV) specifying the Effec-
tive Date; and 
 
 
 bestätigt, dass die etwaigen 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
notwendig sind, um die ord-
nungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des Neuen Benchmarksatzes 
und 
der 
entsprechenden 
 confirming that the Bench-
mark Amendments (if any) 
are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such rel-
evant New Benchmark Rate 
and the applicable Adjust-
ment Spread.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
Anpassungsspanne zu ge-
währleisten. 
 
 Definitionen. Zur Verwendung in 
diesem § 3(e): 
 Definitions. As used in this § 3(e): 
 
 
Die Anpassungsspanne, die posi-
tiv, negativ oder gleich Null sein 
kann, wird in Basispunkten ausge-
drückt und bezeichnet entweder 
(a) die Spanne oder (b) das Ergeb-
nis der Anwendung der Formel 
oder Methode zur Berechnung der 
Spanne, die 
The Adjustment Spread, which 
may be positive, negative or zero, 
will be expressed in basis points 
and means either (a) the spread or 
(b) the result of the operation of 
the formula or methodology for 
calculating the spread, which 
 
 
 
im Fall eines Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatzes formell 
im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ersetzung des Ursprüngli-
chen 
Benchmarksatzes 
durch 
den 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz von dem 
Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wird; oder 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor 
Benchmark Rate, is for-
mally recommended in re-
lation to the replacement 
of the Original Benchmark 
Rate with the Successor 
Benchmark Rate by any Rel-
evant Nominating Body; or 
 
 
 
(sofern keine Empfehlung 
gemäß Absatz (1) abgege-
ben wurde oder im Fall ei-
nes Alternativ-Benchmark-
satzes) üblicherweise an 
den internationalen Anlei-
hekapitalmärkten auf den 
Neuen Benchmarksatz an-
gewendet wird, um einen 
industrieweit akzeptierten 
Ersatz-Benchmarksatz für 
den Ursprünglichen Bench-
marksatz zu erzeugen, wo-
bei sämtliche Feststellun-
gen durch den Unabhängi-
gen Berater nach billigem 
Ermessen 
vorgenommen 
werden; oder 
(2) 
(if no recommendation pur-
suant to clause (1) has been 
made, or in the case of an 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate) is customarily applied 
to the New Benchmark 
Rate in the international 
debt capital markets to pro-
duce an industry-accepted 
replacement 
benchmark 
rate for the Original Bench-
mark Rate, provided that all 
determinations 
will 
be 
made by the Independent 
Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion; or 
 
 
 
(sofern der Unabhängige 
Berater nach billigem Er-
messen 
feststellt, 
dass 
keine solche Spanne übli-
cherweise 
angewendet 
wird, und dass das Fol-
gende für die Schuldver-
schreibungen angemessen 
ist) 
als 
industrieweiter 
Standard 
für 
Over-the-
Counter Derivatetransakti-
onen, die sich auf den Ur-
sprünglichen 
(3) 
(if the Independent Adviser 
in its reasonable discretion 
determines that no such 
spread is customarily ap-
plied and that the following 
would be appropriate for 
the Notes) is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-
the-counter 
derivative 
transactions which refer-
ence the Original Bench-
mark Rate, where the

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
Benchmarksatz beziehen, 
anerkannt oder bestätigt 
ist, wenn der Ursprüngli-
che Benchmarksatz durch 
den Neuen Benchmarksatz 
ersetzt worden ist, wobei 
sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater nach billigem Er-
messen 
vorgenommen 
werden. 
Original Benchmark Rate 
has been replaced by the 
New Benchmark Rate, pro-
vided that all determina-
tions will be made by the 
Independent Adviser in its 
reasonable discretion. 
 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
be-
zeichnet eine alternative Bench-
mark oder einen alternativen Bild-
schirmsatz, die bzw. der üblicher-
weise an den internationalen An-
leihekapitalmärkten zur Bestim-
mung von variablen Zinssätzen in 
der Festgelegten Währung ange-
wendet wird, wobei sämtliche 
Feststellungen durch den Unab-
hängigen Berater vorgenommen 
werden. 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
means an alternative benchmark 
or an alternative screen rate which 
is customarily applied in the inter-
national debt capital markets for 
the purpose of determining float-
ing rates of interest in the Speci-
fied Currency, provided that all de-
terminations will be made by the 
Independent Adviser. 
 
 
Ein Benchmark-Ereignis tritt ein, 
wenn: 
A Benchmark Event occurs if: 
 
 
(1) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung 
oder eine Veröffentlichung 
von Informationen durch 
oder im Namen der für den 
Administrator 
des 
Ur-
sprünglichen Benchmark-
satzes zuständigen Auf-
sichtsbehörde vorgenom-
men wird, aus der hervor-
geht, dass dieser Administ-
rator die Bereitstellung des 
Ursprünglichen 
Bench-
marksatzes dauerhaft oder 
auf unbestimmte Zeit ein-
gestellt hat oder einstellen 
wird, es sei denn, es gibt 
zum Zeitpunkt der Erklä-
rung oder der Veröffentli-
chung einen Nachfolgead-
ministrator, der den Ur-
sprüngliche 
Benchmark-
satz weiterhin bereitstellt; 
oder 
(1) 
a public statement or publi-
cation of information by or 
on behalf of the regulatory 
supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark Rate adminis-
trator stating that said ad-
ministrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
permanently 
or 
indefi-
nitely, unless, at the time of 
the statement or publica-
tion, there is a successor 
administrator that will con-
tinue to provide the Origi-
nal Benchmark Rate; or 
 
 
(2) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung 
oder eine Veröffentlichung 
von Informationen durch 
oder im Namen des Admi-
nistrators 
des 
(2) 
a public statement or publi-
cation of information by or 
on behalf of the Original 
Benchmark Rate adminis-
trator is made, stating that

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
Ursprünglichen 
Bench-
marksatzes vorgenommen 
wird, die besagt, dass der 
Administrator die Bereit-
stellung des Ursprüngli-
chen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft oder auf unbe-
stimmte Zeit eingestellt 
hat oder einstellen wird, es 
sei denn, es gibt zum Zeit-
punkt der Erklärung oder 
der Veröffentlichung einen 
Nachfolgeadministrator, 
der den Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
said 
administrator 
has 
ceased or will cease to pro-
vide the Original Bench-
mark Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, unless, at the 
time of the statement or 
publication, there is a suc-
cessor administrator that 
will continue to provide the 
Original Benchmark Rate; 
or 
 
(3) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung 
der Aufsichtsbehörde des 
Administrators 
des 
Ur-
sprünglichen Benchmark-
satzes veröffentlicht wird, 
wonach der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz ihrer An-
sicht nach nicht mehr re-
präsentativ für den zu-
grunde liegenden Markt, 
den er zu messen vorgibt, 
ist oder sein wird, und 
keine von der Aufsichtsbe-
hörde des Administrators 
des Ursprünglichen Bench-
marksatzes 
geforderten 
Maßnahmen zur Behebung 
einer solchen Situation er-
griffen worden sind oder 
zu erwarten sind; oder 
(3) 
a public statement by the 
supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark Rate adminis-
trator is made that, in its 
view, the Original Bench-
mark Rate is no longer rep-
resentative, or will no 
longer be representative, 
of the underlying market it 
purports to measure and 
no action to remediate 
such a situation is taken or 
expected to be taken as re-
quired by the supervisor of 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate administrator; or 
 
 
 
der Administrator des Ur-
sprünglichen Benchmark-
satzes feststellt, dass der 
Ursprüngliche Benchmark-
satz auf der Grundlage von 
reduzierten Eingaben oder 
anderen Notfall- oder Aus-
weich-Richtlinien und -ver-
einbarungen 
berechnet 
werden müsste, und ent-
weder: (i) der Umstand(die 
Umstände) oder das Ereig-
nis(die Ereignisse), das(die) 
zu einer solchen Feststel-
lung führt(führen), nicht 
vorübergehend 
ist(sind), 
oder (ii) der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz für einen 
Zeitraum 
von 
nicht 
(4) 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate administrator deter-
mines that the Original 
Benchmark Rate should be 
calculated in accordance 
with its reduced submis-
sions or other contingency 
or fallback policies or ar-
rangements and either: (i) 
the 
circumstance(s) 
or 
event(s) leading to such de-
termination are not tempo-
rary, or (ii) the Original 
Benchmark Rate is calcu-
lated in accordance with 
any such policy or arrange-
ment for a period of no less 
than one month; or

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
weniger als einem Monat 
gemäß einer solchen Richt-
linie oder Vereinbarung be-
rechnet wird; oder 
 
 
die Verwendung des Ur-
sprünglichen Benchmark-
satzes aus irgendeinem 
Grund nach einem Gesetz 
oder einer Verordnung, die 
in Bezug auf die Zahlstel-
len, die Berechnungsstelle, 
die Emittentin oder jeden 
Dritten anwendbar sind, 
rechtswidrig geworden ist; 
oder 
(5) 
it has become, for any rea-
son, unlawful under any 
law or regulation applicable 
to any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Is-
suer or any other party to 
use the Original Benchmark 
Rate; or  
 
 
 
der Ursprüngliche Bench-
marksatz ohne vorherige 
offizielle 
Ankündigung 
durch die zuständige Be-
hörde oder den Administ-
rator dauerhaft nicht mehr 
veröffentlicht wird; oder  
(6) 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate is permanently no 
longer published without a 
previous official announce-
ment by the competent au-
thority or the administra-
tor; or 
 
 
 
eine wesentliche Änderung 
der Methodologie des Ur-
sprünglichen Benchmark-
satzes vorgenommen wird. 
(7) 
material change is made to 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate methodology. 
 
 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
be-
zeichnet einen Nachfolger oder 
Ersatz des Ursprünglichen Bench-
marksatzes, der formell durch das 
Nominierungsgremium empfoh-
len wurde. 
Successor Benchmark Rate means 
a successor to or replacement of 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate 
which is formally recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body. 
 
 
Neuer Benchmarksatz bezeichnet 
den jeweils gemäß diesem § 3(e) 
bestimmten 
Nachfolge-Bench-
marksatz bzw. Alternativ-Bench-
marksatz. 
New Benchmark Rate means the 
Successor Benchmark Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate determined in ac-
cordance with this § 3(e). 
 
 
Nominierungsgremium bezeich-
net in Bezug auf die Ersetzung des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes: 
Relevant 
Nominating 
Body 
means, in respect of the replace-
ment of the Original Benchmark 
Rate: 
 
 
(1) 
die Zentralbank für die 
Währung, in der die Bench-
mark oder der Bildschirm-
satz dargestellt wird oder 
eine Zentralbank oder an-
dere Aufsichtsbehörde, die 
für die Aufsicht des Admi-
nistrators der Benchmark 
(1) 
the central bank for the 
currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other 
supervisory 
authority 
which is responsible for su-
pervising the administrator

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
oder des Bildschirmsatzes 
zuständig ist; oder 
of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
 
(2) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder 
jeden Ausschuss gefördert 
durch, geführt oder mitge-
führt von oder gebildet von 
(a) der Zentralbank für die 
Währung in der die Bench-
mark oder der Bildschirm-
satz dargestellt wird, (b) ei-
ner Zentralbank oder ande-
ren Aufsichtsbehörde, die 
für die Aufsicht des Admi-
nistrators der Benchmark 
oder des Bildschirmsatzes 
zuständig ist, (c) einer 
Gruppe der zuvor genann-
ten Zentralbanken oder an-
derer 
Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder (d) dem Finanzstabili-
tätsrat (Financial Stability 
Board) oder Teilen davon. 
(2) 
any working group or com-
mittee 
sponsored 
by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request 
of (a) the central bank for 
the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) 
any central bank or other 
supervisory 
authority 
which is responsible for su-
pervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable), (c) a 
group of the aforemen-
tioned central banks or 
other supervisory authori-
ties or (d) the Financial Sta-
bility Board or any part 
thereof. 
 
 
Unabhängiger Berater bezeich-
net ein von der Emittentin ernann-
tes unabhängiges Finanzinstitut 
mit 
internationalem 
Ansehen 
oder einen anderen unabhängigen 
Finanzberater mit Erfahrung in 
den internationalen Anleihekapi-
talmärkten. 
Independent Adviser means an in-
dependent financial institution of 
international repute or other inde-
pendent financial adviser experi-
enced in the international debt 
capital markets, in each case ap-
pointed by the Issuer. 
 
 
 Der Stichtag für die Anwendung 
des Neuen Benchmarksatzes, der 
Anpassungsspanne und der etwai-
gen Benchmark-Änderungen ge-
mäß diesem § 3(e) (Stichtag) ist 
der Zinsfestsetzungstag, der auf 
den frühesten der folgenden Tage 
fällt oder diesem nachfolgt: 
 The effective date for the applica-
tion of the New Benchmark Rate, 
the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
determined under this § 3(e) (Ef-
fective Date) will be the Interest 
Determination Date falling on or 
after the earliest of the following 
dates: 
 
 
 
den Tag, an dem die Veröf-
fentlichung des Ursprüngli-
chen Benchmarksatzes ein-
gestellt wird bzw. an dem 
der Ursprüngliche Bench-
marksatz eingestellt wird, 
wenn das Benchmark-Er-
eignis aufgrund der Ab-
sätze (1), (2) oder (3) der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" ein-
getreten ist; oder 
(1) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of 
clauses (1), (2) or (3) of the 
definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the 
date of cessation of publi-
cation 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate or of the 
discontinuation of the Orig-
inal Benchmark Rate, as the 
case may be; or

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
 
den Tag des Eintritts des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, 
wenn das Benchmark-Er-
eignis aufgrund der Ab-
sätze (4), (6) oder (7) der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" ein-
getreten ist; oder 
(2) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of 
clauses (4), (6) or (7) of the 
definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the 
date of the occurrence of 
the Benchmark Event; or 
 
 
 
den Tag, ab dem der Ur-
sprüngliche 
Benchmark-
satz nicht mehr verwendet 
werden darf, wenn das 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
auf-
grund des Absatzes (5) der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" ein-
getreten ist. 
(3) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of 
clause (5) of the definition 
of the term "Benchmark 
Event", the date from 
which the prohibition ap-
plies. 
 
 
 Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in 
Bezug auf einen Neuen Bench-
marksatz eintritt, gilt dieser § 3(e) 
entsprechend für die Ersetzung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes 
durch einen neuen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. In diesem Fall gilt 
jede Bezugnahme in § 3 auf den 
Begriff "Ursprünglicher Bench-
marksatz" als Bezugnahme auf 
den zuletzt verwendeten Neuen 
Benchmarksatz. 
 If a Benchmark Event occurs in re-
lation to any New Benchmark 
Rate, § 3(e) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to the replacement of 
such New Benchmark Rate by any 
new Successor Benchmark Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, as 
the case may be. In this case, any 
reference in § 3 to the term "Orig-
inal Benchmark Rate" shall be 
deemed to be a reference to the 
New Benchmark Rate that last ap-
plied. 
 
 
 In diesem § 3 schließt jede Bezug-
nahme auf den Begriff "Ursprüng-
licher Benchmarksatz" gegebe-
nenfalls auch eine Bezugnahme 
auf eine etwaige Teilkomponente 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmark-
satzes ein, wenn in Bezug auf 
diese Teilkomponente ein Bench-
mark-Ereignis eingetreten ist. 
 Any reference in this § 3 to the 
term Original Benchmark Rate 
shall be deemed to include a refer-
ence to any component part 
thereof, if any, in respect of which 
a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
 
 
 
Mitteilungen. Die Berechnungsstelle 
wird veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, der 
Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, 
die jeweilige Zinsperiode und der rele-
vante Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin 
und den Anleihegläubigern durch Be-
kanntmachung gemäß § 12 und jeder 
Börse, an der die betreffenden Schuld-
verschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
auf Veranlassung der Emittentin notiert 
sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung 
an die Börse verlangen, unverzüglich, 
aber keinesfalls später als am ersten 
 
Notifications. The Calculation Agent will 
cause the Rate of Interest, each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period, each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Is-
suer and to the Noteholders by notice in 
accordance with § 12 and, if required by 
the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are from time to time 
listed at the initiative of the Issuer, to 
such stock exchange, without undue de-
lay, but in no event later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period. Each

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode mitge-
teilt werden. Im Fall einer Verlängerung 
oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode kön-
nen der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zins-
zahlungstag 
ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich angepasst (oder andere 
geeignete Anpassungsregelungen ge-
troffen) werden. Jede solche Anpas-
sung wird umgehend allen maßgebli-
chen Börsen, an denen die Schuldver-
schreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin notiert 
sind, sowie den Anleihegläubigern ge-
mäß § 12 mitgeteilt. 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative ar-
rangements made by way of adjust-
ment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to any relevant stock 
exchange on which the Notes are then 
listed at the initiative of the Issuer and 
to the Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 12. 
 
 Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle 
Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, Gut-
achten, Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die 
von der Berechnungsstelle für die Zwe-
cke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, ge-
troffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (so-
fern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum 
vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die Emissi-
onsstelle, die Zahlstellen und die Anlei-
hegläubiger bindend. 
 Determinations Binding. All certificates, 
communications, opinions, determina-
tions, calculations, quotations and deci-
sions given, expressed, made or ob-
tained for the purposes of the provi-
sions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, any Paying Agents and the Note-
holders. 
 
 
 
Ende des Zinslaufs. Der Zinslauf der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet an dem 
Ende des Tages, der dem Tag voraus-
geht, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig 
werden. Falls die Emittentin die Schuld-
verschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht zu-
rückzahlt, endet die Verzinsung des 
ausstehenden Nennbetrags der Schuld-
verschreibungen nicht am Tag vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag, sondern erst an dem 
Ende des Tages, der dem Tag der tat-
sächlichen Rückzahlung der Schuldver-
schreibungen vorausgeht. Der jeweils 
geltende Zinssatz wird gemäß diesem 
§ 3 bestimmt. Weitergehende Ansprü-
che der Anleihegläubiger bleiben unbe-
rührt. 
 
Cessation of Interest Accrual. The Notes 
shall cease to bear interest from the end 
of the day preceding their due date for 
redemption. If the Issuer fails to redeem 
the Notes when due, interest shall con-
tinue to accrue on the outstanding prin-
cipal amount of the Notes beyond the 
due date until the end of the day pre-
ceding the actual redemption of the 
Notes. The applicable rate of interest 
will be determined in accordance with 
this § 3. This does not affect any addi-
tional rights that might be available to 
the Noteholders. 
 
 
 Rückzahlung 
 Redemption 
 
 
 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit 
nicht zuvor bereits insgesamt oder teil-
weise zurückgezahlt oder angekauft 
und eingezogen, werden die Schuldver-
schreibungen zu ihrem Nennbetrag [im 
Fall eines festgelegten Endfälligkeitsta-
ges einfügen: an einem Zinszahlungstag 
um den [Endfälligkeitstag einfügen]] 
[im Fall eines Rückzahlungsmonats 
einfügen: 
am 
in 
den 
 
Redemption at maturity. To the extent 
not previously redeemed in whole or in 
part, or purchased and cancelled the 
Notes shall be redeemed at their princi-
pal amount on [in the case of a specified 
Maturity Date insert: on a Interest Pay-
ment Date around [insert Maturity 
Date]] [in the case of a Redemption 
Month insert: on the Interest Payment

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
[Rückzahlungsmonat einfügen] fallen-
den Zinszahlungstag] (Endfälligkeits-
tag) zurückgezahlt.  
Date falling in [insert Redemption 
Month]] (Maturity Date).  
 
 Vorzeitige Rückzahlung wegen des Ein-
tritts eines Gross-up-Ereignisses. 
 Early redemption following a Gross up 
Event. 
 
 
Sofern ein Gross-up-Ereignis (wie nach-
stehend definiert) eintritt, ist die Emit-
tentin berechtigt, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen (insgesamt, jedoch nicht nur 
teilweise) durch Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß § 4(d) jederzeit mit Wirkung zu 
dem in der Kündigungserklärung gemäß 
§ 4(d) festgelegten Rückzahlungstag zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu kündigen. 
Wenn die Emittentin ihr Kündigungs-
recht gemäß § 4(b) Satz 1 ausübt, ist die 
Emittentin verpflichtet, jede Schuldver-
schreibung an dem in der Kündigungs-
erklärung festgelegten Rückzahlungs-
tag zu ihrer Festgelegten Stückelung zu-
züglich der bis zum festgelegten Rück-
zahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufe-
nen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
If a Gross up Event (as defined below) 
occurs, the Issuer may, upon giving a no-
tice of redemption in accordance with 
§ 4(d), call the Notes for early redemp-
tion (in whole but not in part) at any 
time with effect on the redemption date 
specified in the notice in accordance 
with § 4(d). If the Issuer exercises its call 
right in accordance with sentence 1 of 
§ 4(b), the Issuer shall redeem each 
Note at its Specified Denomination to-
gether with interest accrued to but ex-
cluding the redemption date specified in 
the notice on the redemption date spec-
ified in the notice. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigungserklärung darf 
nicht früher als 90 Tage vor dem Tag er-
folgen, an dem die Emittentin erstmals 
verpflichtet wäre, Zusätzliche Beträge 
(wie in § 6 definiert) zu zahlen. 
No such notice of redemption shall be 
given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be for the first time obliged to pay any 
Additional Amounts (as defined in § 6). 
 
 
Ein Gross-up-Ereignis tritt ein, wenn 
der Emittentin ein Gutachten einer an-
erkannten Anwaltskanzlei vorliegt (und 
die Emittentin der Emissionsstelle eine 
Kopie davon gibt), aus dem hervorgeht, 
dass die Emittentin aufgrund einer an 
oder nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
letzten Tranche der Schuldverschrei-
bungen in Kraft tretenden Änderung 
oder Klarstellung der Gesetze, Verord-
nungen oder sonstigen Vorschriften des 
Staats, in dem die Emittentin steuerlich 
ansässig ist, einer seiner Gebietskörper-
schaften oder einer seiner zur Erhebung 
von Steuern berechtigten Behörden 
oder sonstigen Stellen (einschließlich 
des Falles, dass die betreffende Ände-
rung oder Klarstellung rückwirkend An-
wendung findet), oder aufgrund einer 
Änderung der Auslegung oder Anwen-
dung, oder aufgrund einer erstmaligen 
Auslegung oder Anwendung dieser Ge-
setze, Verordnungen oder sonstigen 
Vorschriften durch eine gesetzgebende 
Körperschaft, ein Gericht oder eine 
A Gross up Event will occur if an opinion 
of a recognised law firm has been deliv-
ered to the Issuer (and the Issuer has 
provided the Fiscal Agent with a copy 
thereof) stating that, as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarifica-
tion to, the laws, regulations or other 
rules of the Issuer's country of domicile 
for tax purposes, any of its political sub-
divisions or any authority or any other 
agency of or in such country having 
power to tax (including in case any such 
change, amendment or clarification has 
retroactive effect), or as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarifica-
tion to, the interpretation or applica-
tion, or as a result of any interpretation 
or application made for the first time, of 
any such laws, regulations or other rules 
by any legislative body, court or author-
ity (including the enactment of any leg-
islation and the publication of any deci-
sion of any court or authority), which 
change or amendment becomes effec-
tive on or after the date of issue of the

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
Behörde (einschließlich des Erlasses 
von Gesetzen sowie der Bekanntma-
chung von Entscheidungen eines Ge-
richts oder einer Behörde) verpflichtet 
ist oder verpflichtet sein wird, Zusätzli-
che Beträge gemäß § 6 auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen zu zahlen, und die 
Emittentin diese Verpflichtung nicht ab-
wenden kann, indem sie Maßnahmen 
ergreift, die sie nach Treu und Glauben 
für zumutbar und angemessen hält. 
last tranche of the Notes, the Issuer has 
or will become obliged to pay Additional 
Amounts pursuant to § 6 on the Notes, 
and that obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking such measures it 
(acting in good faith) deems reasonable 
and appropriate. 
 
 
[Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin] [Vorzeitige Rück-
zahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin].  
 
[No early redemption at the option of 
the Issuer] [Early redemption at the op-
tion of the Issuer].  
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
kein Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
§ 4(c) vor-
zeitig zu-
rückzuzah-
len, gilt 
Folgendes:
Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vor dem Endfäl-
ligkeitstag zurückzuzahlen, außer nach 
Maßgabe von § 4(b). 
The Issuer is not entitled to call the 
Notes prior to the Maturity Date, other-
wise than provided in § 4(b). 
If Notes 
are not 
subject to 
early re-
demption 
pursuant 
to § 4(c), 
the fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
eigener 
Wahl an 
Call-Rück-
zahlungs-
tag(e) vor-
zeitig zu-
rückzuzah-
len, gilt 
Folgendes: 
[(i)] 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen (insge-
samt und nicht nur teilweise) 
durch Kündigungserklärung ge-
mäß § 4(d) mit Wirkung zu 
dem / den Call-Rückzahlungs-
tag(en) zur vorzeitigen Rückzah-
lung zu kündigen. Wenn die 
Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht 
gemäß § 4(c)[(i)] Satz 1 ausübt, 
ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, 
jede Schuldverschreibung an 
dem in der Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß § 4(d) festgelegten Call-
Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem jewei-
ligen 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich der bis zu dem in der 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) festgelegten Call-Rück-
zahlungstag (ausschließlich) auf-
gelaufenen Zinsen zurückzuzah-
len. 
[(i)] 
The Issuer may, upon giving a no-
tice of redemption in accordance 
with § 4(d), call the Notes for 
early redemption (in whole but 
not in part) with effect on the 
Call Redemption Date(s). If the 
Issuer exercises its call right in ac-
cordance with sentence 1 of 
§ 4(c)[(i)], the Issuer shall re-
deem each Note at its Call Re-
demption Amount together with 
interest accrued to but excluding 
the Call Redemption Date speci-
fied in the notice in accordance 
with § 4(d) on the Call Redemp-
tion Date specified in the notice 
in accordance with § 4(d). 
If Notes 
are sub-
ject to 
early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of 
the Issuer 
on Call 
Redemp-
tion 
Date(s), 
the fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
Call-Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) 
Call-Rückzahlungs-
betrag 
Call  
Redemption 
Date(s) 
Call  
Redemption 
Amount(s)

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
[Call-Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) einfügen] 
[Call-Rückzahlungs-
betrag/ beträge 
einfügen] 
[insert Call Re-
demption Date(s)] 
[insert Call Redemp-
tion Amount(s)] 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihe-
gläubiger 
ebenfalls 
ein Recht 
haben, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen vorzei-
tig zu kün-
digen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldver-
schreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
bereits der Anleihegläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Rechts gemäß 
§ 4(e) verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior ex-
ercise by the Noteholder thereof 
of its option to require the re-
demption of such Note in accord-
ance with § 4(e). 
If Notes 
are also 
subject to 
early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of 
the Note-
holders, 
the fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emitten-
tin das 
Wahl-
recht hat, 
die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig 
bei Ein-
tritt eines 
transakti-
onsbezo-
genen Er-
eignisses 
zum Er-
eignis-
Wahl-
rückzah-
lungsbe-
trag zu-
rückzu-
zahlen, 
gilt Fol-
gendes: 
[(ii)] 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen (insge-
samt oder teilweise) durch eine 
Transaktions-Mitteilung gemäß 
den nachstehend aufgeführten 
Bedingungen und gemäß § 4(d) 
mit Wirkung zu dem Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zur vor-
zeitigen Rückzahlung zu kündi-
gen. Wenn die Emittentin ihr 
Kündigungsrecht 
gemäß 
§ 4(c)[(ii)] Satz 1 ausübt, ist die 
Emittentin verpflichtet, jede zu-
rückzuzahlende 
Schuldver-
schreibung an dem Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zum Er-
eignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag zuzüglich der bis zum Ereig-
nis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (aus-
schließlich) aufgelaufenen Zin-
sen zurückzuzahlen.  
[(ii)] 
The Issuer may, upon giving a 
Transaction Trigger Notice in ac-
cordance with the requirements 
set out below and in accordance 
with § 4(d), call the Notes for 
early redemption (in whole or in 
part) with effect on the Trigger 
Call Redemption Date. If the Is-
suer exercises its call right in ac-
cordance with sentence 1 of 
§ 4(c)[(ii)], the Issuer shall re-
deem each Note to be redeemed 
at the Trigger Call Redemption 
Amount together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the 
Trigger Call Redemption Date on 
the Trigger Call Redemption 
Date. 
If Notes 
are sub-
ject to 
early re-
demp-
tion at 
the op-
tion of 
the is-
suer 
upon oc-
currence 
of a 
transac-
tion re-
lated 
event, 
the fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
Transaktion bezeichnet [Beschrei-
bung der geplanten Transaktion 
für deren Finanzierung die Schuld-
verschreibungen begeben wer-
den].  
Transaction means [insert descrip-
tion of envisaged transaction for 
which the Notes are intended to be 
issued for refinancing purposes]. 
 
 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist be-
zeichnet den Zeitraum ab dem 
[Begebungstag einfügen] bis zum 
Transaction Notice Period means 
the period from [insert issue date] 
to [insert end of period date].

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
[Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfü-
gen]. 
 
Transaktions-Mitteilung bezeich-
net eine Mitteilung der Emittentin 
an die Anleihegläubiger gemäß 
§ 4(d) und § 12 innerhalb der 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist, dass 
die Transaktion vor ihrem Ab-
schluss beendet wurde oder dass 
die Transaktion aus irgendeinem 
Grund nicht durchgeführt wird 
oder dass die Emittentin öffentlich 
erklärt hat, dass sie nicht länger 
beabsichtigt, die Transaktion zu 
verfolgen. Die Transaktions-Mit-
teilung hat ferner den Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zu bezeich-
nen.  
Transaction Trigger Notice means 
a notice to the Noteholders given 
in accordance with § 4(d) and § 12 
within the Transaction Notice Pe-
riod that the Transaction has been 
terminated prior to its completion 
or that the Transaction will not be 
settled for any reason whatsoever 
or that the Issuer has publicly 
stated that it no longer intends to 
pursue the Transaction. The Trans-
action Trigger Notice shall also 
specify the Trigger Redemption 
Date.  
 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht 
zur vorzeitigen Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Ein-
tritt eines der oben bezeichneten 
Ereignisse durch Bekanntmachung 
gemäß § 12 verzichten. 
At any time the Issuer may waive 
its right to call the Notes for re-
demption following the occur-
rence of one of the events detailed 
above, by giving notice in accord-
ance with § 12. 
 
 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag je Schuldverschreibung ist 
gleich [●] % der Festgelegten Stü-
ckelung. 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount 
per Note means [●] per cent. of 
the Specified Denomination. 
 
 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
bezeichnet den in der Transakti-
ons-Mitteilung 
festgelegten 
nächsten Zinszahlungstag, der auf 
den Ablauf der Transaktionskündi-
gungsfrist folgt. 
Trigger Call Redemption Date 
means the next Interest Payment 
Date following the expiration of 
the Transaction Notice Period, 
specified in the Transaction Trigger 
Notice. 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihe-
gläubiger 
ebenfalls 
ein Recht 
haben, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen vorzei-
tig zu kün-
digen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldver-
schreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
bereits der Anleihegläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Rechts gemäß 
§ 4(e) verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior ex-
ercise by the Noteholder thereof 
of its option to require the re-
demption of such Note in accord-
ance with § 4(e). 
If Notes 
are also 
subject to 
early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of 
the Note-
holders, 
the fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
[(iii)] Sofern zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
[(iii)] If at any time the aggregate prin-
cipal amount of the Notes 
If Notes 
are

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen wegen 
eines ge-
ringen aus-
stehenden 
Nennbe-
trags vor-
zeitig zu-
rückzuzah-
len, gilt 
Folgendes: 
ausstehenden Schuldverschrei-
bungen auf 20 % oder weniger 
des Gesamtnennbetrages der 
Schuldverschreibungen der Se-
rie, die ursprünglich ausgegeben 
wurden, fällt, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen (insgesamt und nicht 
nur teilweise) durch Kündi-
gungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) je-
derzeit mit Wirkung zu dem in 
der Kündigungserklärung gemäß 
§ 4(d) festgelegten nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn 
die Emittentin ihr Kündigungs-
recht gemäß § 4(c)[(iii)] Satz 1 
ausübt, ist die Emittentin ver-
pflichtet, jede Schuldverschrei-
bung an dem in der Kündigungs-
erklärung gemäß § 4(d) festge-
legten Rückzahlungstag zu ihrer 
Festgelegten Stückelung zuzüg-
lich der bis zum festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließ-
lich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zu-
rückzuzahlen. 
outstanding is equal to or less 
than 20 per cent. of the aggre-
gate principal amount of the 
Notes of the Series originally is-
sued, the Issuer may, upon giving 
a notice of redemption in accord-
ance with § 4(d), call the Notes 
for early redemption (in whole 
but not in part) at any time with 
effect on the next Interest Pay-
ment Date as specified in the no-
tice in accordance with § 4(d). If 
the Issuer exercises its call right 
in accordance with sentence 1 of 
§ 4(c)[(iii)], the Issuer shall re-
deem each Note at its Specified 
Denomination together with in-
terest accrued to but excluding 
the redemption date specified in 
the notice on the redemption 
date specified in the notice. 
subject to 
early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of 
the Issuer 
for a min-
imal out-
standing 
principal 
amount, 
the fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kündigungserklärung. Die Emittentin 
hat die Kündigung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung ge-
mäß § 4(b) oder § 4(c) durch Veröffent-
lichung einer Bekanntmachung an die 
Anleihegläubiger gemäß § 12 unter Ein-
haltung einer Frist von nicht weniger als 
30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen zu erklä-
ren. Die Kündigung ist unwiderruflich, 
und in ihr wird bestimmt: 
 Notice. The Issuer shall call the Notes for 
early redemption pursuant to § 4(b) or 
§ 4(c) by publishing a notice to the Note-
holders in accordance with § 12 subject 
to observing a notice period of not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify: 
 
 
 
genaue Bezeichnung der zur Rück-
zahlung anstehenden Serie, ein-
schließlich der Wertpapierken-
nungen; 
 
precise designation of the Series of 
Notes subject to redemption, in-
cluding the securities codes; 
 
 
 
der betreffende Tag der vorzeiti-
gen Rückzahlung; [und] 
 
the applicable date of early re-
demption; [and] 
 
 
 
der betreffende Rückzahlungsbe-
trag, zu dem die Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig zurückgezahlt 
werden[.][; und] 
 
the applicable redemption amount 
at which such Notes are to be re-
deemed early[.][; and] 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
 
eine Erklärung, ob die Schuldver-
schreibungen ganz oder teilweise 
 
whether the Notes will be re-
deemed in whole or in part and, if 
If Notes 
are

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
das Wahl-
recht hat, 
die Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig 
nach Ein-
tritt eines 
transakti-
onsbezo-
genen Er-
eignisses 
zum Ereig-
nis-Wahl-
rückzah-
lungsbe-
trag zu-
rückzuzah-
len, gilt 
Folgendes: 
zurückgezahlt werden und im letz-
teren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag 
der zurückzuzahlenden Schuldver-
schreibungen. 
only in part, the aggregate princi-
pal amount of the Notes which are 
to be redeemed. 
subject to 
early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of 
the issuer 
upon oc-
currence 
of a 
transac-
tion re-
lated 
event, 
the fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, wer-
den die betreffenden zurückzuzahlen-
den Schuldverschreibungen in Überein-
stimmung mit den Regeln des betref-
fenden Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, the relevant Notes to be re-
deemed shall be selected in accordance 
with the rules of the relevant Clearing 
System. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in 
Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise 
Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von 
Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear 
nach deren Ermessen entweder als 
Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung des 
Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.] 
[In the case of Notes in NGN form the 
following applies: Such partial redemp-
tion shall be reflected in the records of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
aggregate principal amount, at the dis-
cretion of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear.] 
 
Die Emittentin wird jeder Börse, an der 
die Schuldverschreibungen auf Veran-
lassung der Emittentin notiert sind und 
deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die 
Börse verlangen, umgehend Mitteilung 
über die Kündigung machen. 
The Issuer will inform, if required by 
such stock exchange on which the Notes 
are listed at the initiative of the Issuer, 
such stock exchange as soon as possible 
of such redemption. 
 
 
 [Keine vorzeitige] [Vorzeitige] Rückzah-
lung nach Wahl des Anleihegläubigers. 
 [No early] [Early] redemption at the op-
tion of a Noteholder. 
 
Falls die 
Anleihe-
gläubiger 
kein Recht 
haben, die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzah-
lung der 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen zu ver-
langen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Die Anleihegläubiger sind außer in Fäl-
len des [falls die Schuldverschreibun-
gen im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels vor-
zeitig kündbar sind, ist Folgendes an-
wendbar: § 4(g) oder des] § 8 zu kei-
nem Zeitpunkt berechtigt, von der 
Emittentin eine vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen zu verlan-
gen. 
The Noteholders shall not be entitled to 
put the Notes for redemption otherwise 
than provided in [if the Notes are sub-
ject to Early Redemption as a result of 
a Change of Control the following ap-
plies: § 4(g) and] § 8 at any time. 
If Notes 
are not 
subject to 
early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of 
the Note-
holders, 
the fol-
lowing 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihe-
gläubiger 
ein Recht 
haben, die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzah-
lung der 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen zu 
 
Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldver-
schreibung nach Wahl des Anlei-
hegläubigers am / an den Put-
Rückzahlungstag(en) zum jeweili-
gen Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag zu-
züglich der bis zum Put-Rückzah-
lungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelau-
fenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
 
The Issuer shall, at the option of 
the Noteholder, redeem such Note 
on the Put Redemption Date(s) at 
the relevant Put Redemption 
Amount together with interest ac-
crued to but excluding the Put Re-
demption Date. 
If Notes 
are sub-
ject to 
early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of 
the Note-
holders, 
the fol-
lowing 
applies:

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
verlangen, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
 
Put-Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) 
Put-Rückzahlungs-
betrag 
Put Redemption 
Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
 
[Put-Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) einfügen] 
[Put-Rückzahlungs-
betrag/ beträge 
einfügen] 
[insert Put Re-
demption Date(s)] 
[insert Put Redemp-
tion Amount(s)] 
 
 
Dem Anleihegläubiger steht das 
Recht, die vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
zu verlangen, nicht in Bezug auf 
eine Schuldverschreibung zu, de-
ren Rückzahlung die Emittentin 
zuvor gemäß § 4 verlangt hat. 
The Noteholder may not exercise 
the option for early redemption in 
respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the 
Issuer of its right to redeem such 
Note in accordance with § 4. 
 
 
 
Um dieses Recht auszuüben, hat 
der Anleihegläubiger nicht weni-
ger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 
Tage vor dem Put-Rückzahlungs-
tag, an dem die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
der 
Ausübungserklärung 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) zurückge-
zahlt werden sollen, bei der be-
zeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle während der nor-
malen Geschäftszeiten eine ord-
nungsgemäß ausgefüllte Erklä-
rung zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
(Ausübungserklärung), wie sie 
von der bezeichneten Geschäfts-
stelle der Emissionsstelle erhält-
lich ist, zu hinterlegen. Die Aus-
übungserklärung hat anzugeben: 
(i) den Nennbetrag der Schuldver-
schreibungen, für die das Recht 
ausgeübt wird und (ii) die Wertpa-
pierkennungen dieser Schuldver-
schreibungen (soweit vergeben). 
Die Rückzahlung der Schuldver-
schreibungen, für welche das 
Recht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt 
nur gegen Lieferung der Schuld-
verschreibungen an die Emissions-
stelle oder an deren Order oder 
durch eine Sperrung durch das 
Clearingsystem. Die Ausübung des 
Rechts kann nicht widerrufen wer-
den. 
 
In order to exercise the option, the 
Noteholder must, not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days before the 
Put Redemption Date on which 
such redemption is required to be 
made as specified in the Put Notice 
(as defined below), submit during 
normal business hours at the spec-
ified office of the Fiscal Agent a 
duly completed early redemption 
notice (Put Notice) in the form 
available from the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent. The Put Notice 
must specify (i) the principal 
amount of the Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised, and 
(ii) the securities identification 
numbers of such Notes, if any. The 
Issuer shall only be required to re-
deem Notes in respect of which 
such option is exercised against 
delivery of such Notes to the Fiscal 
Agent or to its order through a 
blocking by the Clearing System. 
No option so exercised may be re-
voked or withdrawn. 
 
 
 
Erwerb. 
 
Purchase. 
 
 
Die Emittentin oder jede ihrer Tochter-
gesellschaften 
können 
jederzeit 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may 
at any time and subject to mandatory

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
vorbehaltlich zwingender gesetzlicher 
Regelungen Schuldverschreibungen auf 
dem freien Markt oder anderweitig so-
wie zu jedem beliebigen Preis erwer-
ben. Derartig erworbene Schuldver-
schreibungen können eingezogen, ge-
halten oder wieder veräußert werden. 
provisions of law purchase Notes in the 
open market or otherwise and at any 
price. Such acquired Notes may be can-
celled, held or resold. 
 
 
Kontrollwechsel. 
 
Change of Control  
 
Falls die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen im Fall 
eines Kon-
trollwech-
sels vorzei-
tig künd-
bar sind, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel ein (Rückzah-
lungsereignis), hat jeder Anleihegläubi-
ger das Recht (sofern nicht die Emitten-
tin, bevor die nachstehend beschrie-
bene Rückzahlungsmitteilung gemacht 
wird, die Rückzahlung der Schuldver-
schreibungen nach § 4 (b) oder (c) an-
gezeigt hat), die Rückzahlung seiner 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emit-
tentin zum Nennbetrag zuzüglich der 
bis zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließ-
lich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zu verlan-
gen. 
If there occurs a Change of Control (Put 
Event), each Noteholder will have the 
option (unless, prior to the giving of the 
Put Event Notice referred to below, the 
Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes 
in accordance with § 4(b) or (c)) to re-
quire the Issuer to redeem that Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date at its 
principal amount together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the Optional 
Redemption Date. 
If the 
Notes are 
subject to 
Early Re-
demption 
as a re-
sult of a 
Change 
of Con-
trol the 
following 
applies: 
 
Für Zwecke dieses Wahlrechts: 
For the purposes of such option: 
 
 
Gilt ein Kontrollwechsel jedes Mal als 
eingetreten, wenn eine Person oder 
mehrere Personen (relevante Per-
son(en)), die abgestimmt handeln, oder 
einer oder mehrere Dritte, die im Auf-
trag der relevanten Person(en) han-
deln, zu irgendeiner Zeit mittelbar oder 
unmittelbar (unabhängig davon, ob der 
Vorstand oder der Aufsichtsrat der 
Emittentin seine Zustimmung erteilt 
hat) (i) mehr als 50 % des ausstehenden 
Grundkapitals der Emittentin oder (ii) 
eine solche Anzahl von Aktien der Emit-
tentin hält bzw. halten oder erworben 
hat bzw. haben, auf die mehr als 50 % 
der Stimmrechte entfallen; 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to 
have occurred at each time (whether or 
not approved by the Management 
Board or Supervisory Board of the Is-
suer) that any person or persons (Rele-
vant Person(s)) acting in concert or any 
person or persons acting on behalf of 
any such Relevant Person(s), at any time 
directly or indirectly acquire(s) or 
come(s) to own (i) more than 50 per 
cent. of the issued ordinary share capital 
of the Issuer or (ii) such number of the 
shares in the capital of the Issuer carry-
ing more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
rights; 
 
 
Ist der Rückzahlungstag der fünfte Ge-
schäftstag nach dem letzten Tag des 
Rückzahlungszeitraums. 
The Optional Redemption Date is the 
fifth Business Day after the last day of 
the Put Period. 
 
 
Sofort nachdem die Emittentin von ei-
nem Rückzahlungsereignis Kenntnis er-
langt, wird die Emittentin den Anlei-
hegläubigern gemäß § 12 Mitteilung 
vom 
Rückzahlungsereignis 
machen 
(Rückzahlungsmitteilung), in der die 
Umstände des Rückzahlungsereignisses 
sowie das Verfahren für die Ausübung 
des in diesem § 4 (g) genannten Wahl-
rechts angegeben sind. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming 
aware that a Put Event has occurred, the 
Issuer shall give notice (Put Event No-
tice) to the Noteholders in accordance 
with § 12 specifying the nature of the 
Put Event and the circumstances giving 
rise to it and the procedure for exercis-
ing the option set out in this §4 (g).

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts muss 
der Anleihegläubiger während der nor-
malen Geschäftsstunden innerhalb ei-
nes Zeitraums (Rückzahlungszeitraum) 
von 30 Tagen, nachdem die Rückzah-
lungsmitteilung veröffentlicht ist, eine 
ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte und unter-
zeichnete Ausübungserklärung bei der 
angegebenen Niederlassung der Emissi-
onsstelle einreichen (Ausübungserklä-
rung), die in ihrer jeweils maßgeblichen 
Form bei der angegebenen Niederlas-
sung der Emissionsstelle erhältlich ist. 
Ein so ausgeübtes Wahlrecht kann nicht 
ohne vorherige Zustimmung der Emit-
tentin widerrufen oder zurückgezogen 
werden. 
In order to exercise such option, the 
Noteholder must submit during normal 
business hours at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent a duly completed op-
tion exercise notice (Exercise Notice) in 
the form available from the specified of-
fice of the Fiscal Agent within the period 
(Put Period) of 30 days after a Put Event 
Notice is given. No option so exercised 
may be revoked or withdrawn without 
the prior consent of the Issuer. 
 
 
 Zahlungen 
 Payments 
 
 
 
Zahlungen. Die Zahlung von Kapital und 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt an das Clearingsystem oder an 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber 
des Clearingsystems. Die Zahlung von 
Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die 
durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach ordnungsge-
mäßem Nachweis gemäß § 1(c). 
 
Payments. Payment of principal and in-
terest on the Notes shall be made to, or 
to the order of, the Clearing System for 
credit to the relevant account holders of 
the Clearing System. Payment of inter-
est on Notes represented by a Tempo-
rary Global Note shall be made, upon 
due certification as provided in § 1(c). 
 
 
 Zahlungsweise. 
Sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leistende 
Zahlungen werden in der Festgelegten 
Währung geleistet. Den Anleihegläubi-
gern werden keine Kosten oder Gebüh-
ren in Bezug auf diese Zahlungen aufer-
legt. Sämtliche Zahlungen stehen unter 
dem Vorbehalt geltender steuerlicher 
und sonstiger gesetzlicher Vorschriften, 
Richtlinien und Verordnungen oder 
Verträge denen sich die Emittentin, der 
Emissionsstelle oder eine Zahlstelle un-
terworfen haben. Vorbehaltlich § 6 ist 
die Emittentin nicht verpflichtet, zu-
sätzliche Beträge als Ausgleich für ir-
gendwelche Steuern oder Abgaben 
gleich welcher Art, die aufgrund solcher 
steuerlichen oder sonstigen gesetzli-
chen Vorschriften, Richtlinien oder Ver-
ordnungen oder Verträge auferlegt 
oder erhoben werden, an die Anleihe-
gläubiger zu zahlen. 
 Manner of Payment. Payments of any 
amounts due in respect of the Notes 
shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders in respect of 
such payments. All payments will be 
subject to all applicable fiscal and other 
laws, directives and regulations or 
agreements to which the Issuer, the Fis-
cal Agent or any Paying Agent agree to 
be subject. Without prejudice to the 
provisions of § 6, the Issuer will not be 
obliged to pay to the Noteholders any 
additional amounts as compensation for 
any taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by such fiscal and 
other laws, regulations, directives or 
agreements.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder an 
dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht 
befreit. 
 
The Issuer shall be discharged by pay-
ment to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System. 
 
 
 Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer 
Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldver-
schreibung auf einen Tag, der kein Zahl-
tag ist, dann wird der Fälligkeitstag auf 
den nächstfolgenden Zahltag verscho-
ben, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch 
in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; 
in diesem Fall wird der Fälligkeitstag auf 
den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Zahl-
tag vorgezogen. 
 Payment Business Day. If the due date 
for payment of any amount in respect of 
any Note is not a Payment Business Day, 
then the due date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Payment Busi-
ness Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which 
event the due date shall be brought for-
ward to the immediately preceding Pay-
ment Business Day. 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet Zahltag 
jeden Geschäftstag. 
For these purposes, Payment Business 
Day means a day which is a Business 
Day. 
 
 
 Besteuerung 
 Taxation 
 
 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibun-
gen zu zahlenden Beträge werden ohne 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern, Ab-
gaben, Festsetzungen oder behördli-
cher Gebühren jedweder Art geleistet 
(Steuern), die von dem Staat, in dem die 
Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist oder 
einer 
seiner 
Gebietskörperschaften 
oder zur Erhebung von Steuern berech-
tigten Behörden oder sonstigen Stellen 
auferlegt, erhoben, eingezogen, einbe-
halten oder festgesetzt werden, sofern 
nicht die Emittentin kraft Gesetzes oder 
einer sonstigen Rechtsvorschrift zu ei-
nem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug ver-
pflichtet ist. Sofern die Emittentin zu ei-
nem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug ver-
pflichtet ist, wird die Emittentin zusätz-
liche Beträge (Zusätzliche Beträge) an 
die Anleihegläubiger zahlen, so dass die 
Anleihegläubiger die Beträge erhalten, 
die sie ohne den betreffenden Einbe-
halt oder Abzug erhalten hätten. Solche 
Zusätzlichen Beträge sind jedoch nicht 
zahlbar wegen solcher Steuern in Bezug 
auf Schuldverschreibungen, 
All amounts to be paid in respect of the 
Notes will be paid free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or gov-
ernmental charges of whatever nature 
(Taxes) imposed, levied, collected, with-
held or assessed by the Issuer's country 
of domicile for tax purposes or any po-
litical subdivision or any authority or any 
other agency of or in the Issuer's coun-
try of domicile for tax purposes that has 
power to tax, unless the Issuer is com-
pelled by law to make such withholding 
or deduction. If the Issuer is required to 
make such withholding or deduction, 
the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts (Additional Amounts) to the 
Noteholders as the Noteholders would 
have received if no such withholding or 
deduction had been required, except 
that no such Additional Amounts will be 
payable for any such Taxes in respect of 
any Note: 
 
 
 
von einer als Depotbank (wie in 
§ 14(c) definiert) oder Inkassobe-
auftragter des Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf 
andere Weise zu entrichten sind 
als dadurch, dass die Emittentin 
aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
 
are payable by any person acting 
as Custodian (as defined in § 14(c)) 
or collecting agent on behalf of a 
Noteholder, or otherwise in any 
manner which does not constitute 
a deduction or withholding by the

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen 
einen Abzug oder Einbehalt vor-
nimmt; oder 
Issuer from payments of principal 
or interest made by it; or 
 
 die wegen einer Verbindung des 
betreffenden 
Anleihegläubigers 
zu dem Staat, in dem die Emitten-
tin steuerlich ansässig ist, die nicht 
nur aus der bloßen Inhaberschaft 
der Schuldverschreibungen be-
steht, einzubehalten oder abzu-
ziehen sind; oder 
 which are to be withheld or de-
ducted by reason of the relevant 
Noteholder having some connec-
tion with the Issuer's country of 
domicile for tax purposes other 
than the mere holding of that 
Note; or 
 
 
 
die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie 
oder Verordnung der Europäi-
schen Union betreffend die Be-
steuerung von Zinserträgen oder 
(ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen Ver-
einbarung, eines zwischenstaatli-
chen Abkommens oder einer zwi-
schenstaatlichen 
Verständigung 
über deren Besteuerung, an der 
der Staat, in dem die Emittentin 
steuerlich ansässig ist oder die Eu-
ropäische Union beteiligt ist, oder 
(iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, 
die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung, 
Vereinbarung, 
Verständigung 
oder dieses Abkommen umsetzt 
oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder ein-
zubehalten sind; oder 
 
which are to be withheld or de-
ducted pursuant to (i) any Euro-
pean Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest 
income, or (ii) any international 
treaty, agreement or understand-
ing relating to such taxation and to 
which the Issuer's country of dom-
icile for tax purposes or the Euro-
pean Union is a party, or (iii) any 
provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to 
conform with, such Directive, Reg-
ulation, treaty, agreement or un-
derstanding; or 
 
 
 aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu 
zahlen sind, welche später als 30 
Tage nach Fälligkeit der betreffen-
den Zahlung oder, wenn dies spä-
ter erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Be-
reitstellung aller fälligen Beträge 
und einer diesbezüglichen Be-
kanntmachung gemäß § 12 wirk-
sam wird. 
 are payable by reason of a change 
in law that becomes effective 
more than 30 days after the rele-
vant payment becomes due, or is 
duly provided for and notice 
thereof is published in accordance 
with § 12, whichever occurs later. 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist keinesfalls verpflich-
tet, Zusätzliche Beträge in Bezug auf ei-
nen Einbehalt oder Abzug von Beträgen 
zu zahlen, die gemäß Sections 1471 bis 
1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue Code (in 
der jeweils geltenden Fassung oder ge-
mäß Nachfolgebestimmungen), gemäß 
zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen, ge-
mäß den in einer anderen Rechtsord-
nung in Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Bestimmungen erlassenen Durchfüh-
rungsvorschriften oder gemäß mit dem 
Internal Revenue Service geschlosse-
nen Verträgen von der Emittentin, der 
jeweiligen 
Zahlstelle 
oder 
einem 
In any event, the Issuer will have no ob-
ligation to pay Additional amounts de-
ducted or withheld by the Issuer, the rel-
evant Paying Agent or any other party 
(FATCA Withholding) in relation to any 
withholding or deduction of any 
amounts required by the rules of U.S. In-
ternal Revenue Code Sections 1471 
through 1474 (or any amended or suc-
cessor provisions), pursuant to any in-
ter-governmental agreement, or imple-
menting legislation adopted by another 
jurisdiction in connection with these 
provisions, or pursuant to any agree-
ment with the U.S. Internal Revenue

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
anderen Beteiligten abgezogen oder 
einbehalten 
wurden 
(FATCA-
Steuerabzug) oder Anleger in Bezug auf 
einen FATCA-Steuerabzug schadlos zu 
halten. 
Service or indemnify any investor in re-
lation to any FATCA Withholding. 
 
 Vorlegung, Verjährung 
 Presentation, Prescription 
 
 
 
Vorlegungsfrist. Die Vorlegungsfrist ge-
mäß § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB für fäl-
lige Schuldverschreibungen wird auf 
zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
Presentation. The period for presenta-
tion of Notes due, as established in 
§ 801(1) sentence 1 of the German Civil 
Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch), is re-
duced to ten years. 
 
 
 Verjährungsfrist. Die Verjährungsfrist 
für innerhalb der Vorlegungsfrist zur 
Zahlung vorgelegte Schuldverschrei-
bungen beträgt zwei Jahre von dem 
Ende der betreffenden Vorlegungsfrist 
an. 
 Prescription. The period for prescription 
for Notes presented for payment during 
the presentation period shall be two 
years beginning at the end of the rele-
vant presentation period. 
 
 
 Kündigungsgründe für die Anleihegläu-
biger 
 Events of Default 
 
 
 
Bei Eintritt und Fortdauer eines der 
nachstehenden Ereignisse ist ein Anlei-
hegläubiger berechtigt, seine Schuld-
verschreibungen durch Mitteilung in 
Textform an die Emittentin, die bei der 
Emittentin oder bei der Emissionsstelle 
abzugeben ist, zur sofortigen Rückzah-
lung fällig zu stellen, woraufhin seine 
Schuldverschreibungen ohne weitere 
Handlungen oder Formalitäten sofort 
zu ihrer Festgelegten Stückelung zuzüg-
lich aufgelaufener Zinsen fällig werden: 
 
If any of the events below occurs and is 
continuing, then any Note may, by no-
tice in text form addressed to the Issuer 
and delivered to the Issuer or, alterna-
tively, the Fiscal Agent, be declared due 
and payable, whereupon such Note will 
become immediately due and payable 
at its Specified Denomination together 
with accrued interest without further 
action or formality:  
 
 
 
Nichtzahlung. Die Emittentin zahlt 
Kapital- oder Zinsbeträge in Bezug 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht innerhalb von 15 Tagen nach 
Fälligkeit; oder 
 
Non-payment. Failure by the Issuer 
to pay any amount of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes 
within 15 days of the due date for 
payment of that amount; or 
 
 
 
Nichterfüllung sonstiger wesentli-
cher Verpflichtungen. Die Emitten-
tin unterlässt die ordnungsge-
mäße Erfüllung irgendeiner sonsti-
gen wesentlichen Verpflichtung 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen, 
und die Unterlassung dauert län-
ger als 30 Tage fort, nachdem die 
Emissionsstelle hierüber eine Be-
nachrichtigung von einem Anlei-
hegläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
 
Non-fulfilment of other material 
obligations. The Issuer fails to duly 
perform any other material obliga-
tion arising under the Notes and 
any such failure continues for 
more than 30 days after the Fiscal 
Agent has received notice thereof 
from a Noteholder; or 
 
 
 Cross Acceleration. Eine (nicht aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
 Cross Acceleration. Any Financial In-
debtedness (as defined in § 11(d)

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
bestehende) Finanzverbindlichkeit 
(wie in § 11(d) definiert) der Emit-
tentin oder einer Tochtergesell-
schaft (wie in § 2(b) definiert) wird 
infolge eines Kündigungsgrunds 
(unabhängig von der Bezeichnung) 
vor ihrer festgelegten Fälligkeit fäl-
lig und zahlbar (sei es durch Kündi-
gung, automatische vorzeitige Fäl-
ligstellung oder auf andere Weise), 
wobei der Gesamtbetrag der Fi-
nanzverbindlichkeiten mindestens 
1% der Summe Aktiva (wie in 
§ 11(d) definiert) zum unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, 
zu dem ein Konzernabschluss der 
Emittentin veröffentlicht worden 
ist, beträgt. Zur Klarstellung wird 
festgehalten, dass dieser Absatz 
(a)(iii) keine Anwendung findet, 
wenn die Emittentin oder die jewei-
lige Tochtergesellschaft bestreitet, 
dass diese Zahlungsverpflichtung 
besteht, fällig ist oder die Anforde-
rungen für die vorzeitige Fälligstel-
lung erfüllt sind oder wenn sich die 
vorzeitige Fälligstellung ausschließ-
lich aus einem Kündigungsgrund 
bzw. einer Pflichtverletzung (unab-
hängig von dessen bzw. deren Be-
zeichnung) in der Sphäre der jewei-
ligen anderen Vertragspartei (d.h. 
nicht seitens der Emittentin oder ei-
ner ihrer Tochtergesellschaften) 
ergibt; oder 
below) of the Issuer (other than un-
der the Notes) or any Subsidiary (as 
defined in § 2(b)) becomes due and 
payable prior to its specified ma-
turity (whether by declaration, au-
tomatic acceleration or otherwise) 
as a result of an event of default 
(howsoever described), whereby 
the total amount of Financial In-
debtedness shall be at least 1% of 
the Total Assets (as defined in § 
11(d)) as of the immediately pre-
ceding Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
of the Issuer have been published. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this 
paragraph (a)(iii) shall not apply, 
where the Issuer or the relevant 
Subsidiary contests that such pay-
ment obligation exists, is due or the 
requirements for the acceleration 
are satisfied or if the event of de-
fault (howsoever described) arises 
only in the sphere of the respective 
other party (i.e. not the Issuer or 
any of its Subsidiaries); or 
 
 Insolvenz etc. 
 Insolvency etc. 
 
 
 die Emittentin oder eine We-
sentliche Tochtergesellschaft 
gibt ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt oder stellt ihre Zah-
lungen ein, oder 
 the Issuer or any Material Sub-
sidiary announces its inability 
to meet its financial obliga-
tions (Zahlungsunfähigkeit) or 
suspends payments; or 
 
 
 gegen die Emittentin oder 
eine Wesentliche Tochterge-
sellschaft wird ein Insolvenz-
verfahren 
eingeleitet 
und 
nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen 
aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt, 
oder die Emittentin oder eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesell-
schaft stellt einen Antrag auf 
Eröffnung eines solchen Ver-
fahrens; oder 
 insolvency proceedings over 
the assets of the Issuer or any 
Material Subsidiary are initi-
ated and have not been dis-
charged or stayed within 60 
days or the Issuer or any Ma-
terial Subsidiary files for the 
opening of such proceedings; 
or

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
 die Emittentin geht in die Li-
quidation oder wird abgewi-
ckelt oder aufgelöst (sofern 
dies nicht für die Zwecke 
oder als Folge eines Zusam-
menschlusses, einer Um-
strukturierung oder Sanie-
rung geschieht, bei dem bzw. 
der die Emittentin noch zah-
lungsfähig ist und bei dem 
bzw. der die fortführende 
Gesellschaft im Wesentli-
chen alle Vermögenswerte 
und 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin übernimmt), oder 
 the Issuer enters into a wind-
ing up or dissolution and liq-
uidation (other than for the 
purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, 
reorganisa-
tion or restructuring whilst 
solvent, where the continu-
ing entity assumes substan-
tially all of the assets and ob-
ligations of the Issuer), or 
 
 
 in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
werden 
Ge-
setze, Verordnungen oder 
behördliche 
Anordnungen 
erlassen, aufgrund derer die 
Emittentin daran gehindert 
wird, ihre Verpflichtungen 
aus den Schuldverschreibun-
gen in vollem Umfang nach-
zukommen und zu erfüllen 
und dieser Umstand wird 
nicht binnen 90 Tagen beho-
ben; oder 
 any governmental order, de-
cree or enactment is made in 
or by the Federal Republic of 
Germany whereby the Issuer 
is prevented from observing 
and performing in full its obli-
gations under the Notes and 
this situation is not cured 
within 90 days; or 
 
 
 Einstellung des Geschäfts-
betriebs der Emittentin; oder 
 cessation of business opera-
tions of the Issuer; or 
 
 
 
die Emittentin oder eine We-
sentliche 
Tochtergesell-
schaft ihr gesamtes Vermö-
gen oder einen wesentlichen 
Teil ihres Vermögens an 
Dritte (ausgenommen ver-
bundene Unternehmen im 
Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz) 
veräußert oder anderweitig 
überträgt und eine solche 
Veräußerung oder Übertra-
gung eine wesentliche nach-
teilige Auswirkung auf die 
Fähigkeit der Emittentin hat, 
ihre 
Zahlungsverpflichtun-
gen aus diesen Schuldver-
schreibungen zu erfüllen. 
 
the Issuer or a Material Sub-
sidiary sells or otherwise 
transfers all of its assets or a 
material part of its assets to 
third parties (not including 
affiliated enterprises (ver-
bundene Unternehmen) as 
defined in § 15 of the German 
Stock Corporation Act (Ak-
tiengesetz)) and such sale or 
transfer has a material ad-
verse effect on the ability of 
the Issuer to comply with its 
payment obligations under 
the Notes. 
 
 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft ist jede 
derzeitige oder zukünftige Tochtergesell-
schaft der Emittentin, (i) deren Nettoum-
satz gemäß ihres geprüften nicht konso-
lidierten Jahresabschlusses (bzw. falls 
Material Subsidiary means any present 
or future Subsidiary of the Issuer (i) 
whose net sales as shown in the audited 
non-consolidated annual accounts (or, if 
such 
Subsidiary 
itself 
prepares

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
diese Tochtergesellschaft selbst konsoli-
dierte Jahresabschlüsse erstellt, deren 
konsolidierter Nettoumsatz gemäß ihres 
geprüften konsolidierten Jahresabschlus-
ses), der für die Zwecke des letzten ge-
prüften konsolidierten Jahresabschlusses 
der Emittentin benutzt wurde, mindes-
tens 5 % der in diesem geprüften Kon-
zernjahresabschluss ausgewiesenen ge-
samten Nettoumsätze der Emittentin 
und ihrer konsolidierten Tochtergesell-
schaften beträgt oder (ii) deren Bilanz-
summe gemäß ihres geprüften nicht kon-
solidierten Jahresabschlusses (bzw. falls 
diese Tochtergesellschaft selbst einen 
Konzernabschluss erstellt, deren konsoli-
dierte Bilanzsumme gemäß ihres geprüf-
ten Konzernjahresabschlusses), der für 
die Zwecke des letzten geprüften konso-
lidierten Jahresabschlusses der Emitten-
tin benutzt wurde, mindestens 5 % der 
im Konzernjahresabschluss ausgewiese-
nen Bilanzsumme der Emittentin und ih-
rer konsolidierten Tochtergesellschaften 
entspricht. 
consolidated accounts, whose consoli-
dated net sales as shown in the audited 
annual consolidated accounts) of such 
Subsidiary used for the purposes of pre-
paring the latest audited consolidated 
annual accounts of the Issuer are at least 
5 per cent. of the total net sales (Um-
satzerlöse) of the Issuer and its consoli-
dated subsidiaries as shown in such au-
dited consolidated annual accounts or 
(ii) whose total assets as shown in the 
audited nonconsolidated annual ac-
counts (or, if such Subsidiary itself pre-
pares consolidated annual accounts, 
whose consolidated total assets as 
shown in the audited consolidated an-
nual accounts) of such Subsidiary used 
for the purposes of preparing the latest 
audited consolidated annual accounts of 
the Issuer are at least 5 per cent. of the 
total assets of the Issuer and its consoli-
dated subsidiaries as shown in the latest 
audited consolidated annual accounts. 
 
 Quorum. In den Fällen von § 8(a)(ii) und 
(iii) wird eine Kündigung erst wirksam, 
es sei denn, zum Zeitpunkt des Erhalts 
einer solchen Mitteilung ist eines der in 
den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (i) 
und (iv) genannten Ereignisse eingetre-
ten, die die Anleihegläubiger berechti-
gen, ihre Schuldverschreibungen für fäl-
lig zu erklären, wenn bei der Emissions-
stelle schriftliche Kündigungserklärun-
gen von Anleihegläubigern im Nennbe-
trag von mindestens 10 % der dann aus-
stehenden Schuldverschreibungen ein-
gegangen sind. Die Wirkung einer sol-
chen Kündigung entfällt, wenn die An-
leihegläubiger dies binnen drei Mona-
ten mit Mehrheit beschließen. Für den 
Beschluss über die Unwirksamkeit der 
Kündigung genügt die einfache Mehr-
heit der Stimmrechte, es müssen aber 
in jedem Fall mehr Anleihegläubiger zu-
stimmen als gekündigt haben. 
 Quorum. In the events specified in 
§ 8(a)(ii) and (iii), any notice declaring 
Notes due shall, unless at the time such 
notice is received, any of the events 
specified in subparagraphs (i) and (iv) 
above entitling Noteholders to declare 
their Notes due has occurred, become 
effective only when the Fiscal Agent has 
received such notices from the Note-
holders in writing of at least 10 per cent. 
in principal amount of Notes then out-
standing. Any such termination shall be-
come ineffective if within three months 
the majority of the Noteholders so re-
solve. The resolution in relation to the 
ineffectiveness of a termination may be 
passed by simple majority of the voting 
rights, provided, however, that in each 
case there must be more Noteholders 
consenting to such resolution than 
Noteholders having terminated the 
Notes. 
 
 
 Emissionsstelle, Zahlstelle(n) und Be-
rechnungsstelle 
 Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s) and Calcu-
lation Agent 
 
 
 
Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. 
Die Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle und 
die Berechnungsstelle sind nachste-
hend mit den benannten anfänglichen 
Geschäftsstellen aufgeführt: 
 
Appointment, specified office. The Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calcu-
lation Agent and their respective initial 
specified offices are as follows:

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle:  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent:  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
Calculation Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
 Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberu-
fung. Die Emittentin behält sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit zusätzliche Zahl-
stellen (gemeinsam mit der vorgenann-
ten Zahlstelle, Zahlstellen und jede eine 
Zahlstelle) zu benennen.  
 Variation or termination of appoint-
ment. The Issuer reserves the right at 
any time to appoint additional paying 
agents (together with the Paying Agent 
specified above, Paying Agents and 
each a Paying Agent).  
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich ferner das 
Recht vor, die Ernennung der Emissi-
onsstelle, der Zahlstellen und der Be-
rechnungsstelle jederzeit anders zu re-
geln oder zu beenden. 
The Issuer further reserves the right at 
any time to vary or terminate the ap-
pointment of the Fiscal Agent, any Pay-
ing Agent and the Calculation Agent. 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird sicherstellen, dass 
jederzeit (i) eine Emissionsstelle und 
eine Berechnungsstelle, (ii) eine Zahl-
stelle mit einer Geschäftsstelle in einer 
Stadt auf dem europäischen Festland 
und (iii) so lange die Schuldverschrei-
bungen auf Veranlassung der Emitten-
tin an einer Börse notiert werden, eine 
Zahlstelle mit einer benannten Ge-
schäftsstelle an dem von der betreffen-
den Börse vorgeschriebenen Ort be-
stimmt ist. Die Emissionsstelle, etwaige 
Zahlstellen und die Berechnungsstelle 
behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
anstelle ihrer jeweils benannten Ge-
schäftsstelle eine andere Geschäfts-
stelle im selben Land zu bestimmen. Be-
kanntmachungen hinsichtlich aller Ver-
änderungen im Hinblick auf die Emissi-
onsstelle, etwaige Zahlstellen und die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen unverzüg-
lich durch die Emittentin gemäß § 12. 
The Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a 
Fiscal Agent and a Calculation Agent (ii) 
a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
a continental European city and (iii) so 
long as the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange at the initiative of the Issuer, 
a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
such city as may be required by the rules 
of the relevant stock exchange. The Fis-
cal Agent, any Paying Agent and the Cal-
culation Agent reserve the right at any 
time to change their respective speci-
fied offices to some other specified of-
fice in the same country. Notice of all 
changes in the identities or specified of-
fices of the Fiscal Agent, any Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent will be 
given promptly by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 12. 
 
 
 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. Die 
Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle(n) und 
die Berechnungsstelle handeln aus-
schließlich als Beauftragte der Emitten-
tin und übernehmen keinerlei Ver-
pflichtungen gegenüber dem Anleihe-
gläubiger; es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
 
Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, any 
Paying Agent(s) and the Calculation 
Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer 
and do not assume any obligations to-
wards or relationship of agency or trust 
for the Noteholder.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und 
dem Anleihegläubiger begründet. 
 
Die Emissionsstellen, die Zahlstelle(n) 
und die Berechnungsstelle können den 
Rat eines oder mehrerer Rechtsanwälte 
oder anderer Sachverständiger einho-
len, deren Beratung oder Dienste sie für 
notwendig hält, und sich auf eine solche 
Beratung verlassen. Die Emissions-
stelle, die Zahlstelle(n) und die Berech-
nungsstelle übernehmen keine Haftung 
gegenüber den Anleihegläubigern im 
Zusammenhang mit Handlungen, die in 
gutem Glauben im Einklang mit einer 
solchen Beratung getätigt, unterlassen 
oder geduldet wurden. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent(s) 
and the Calculation Agent may engage 
the advice or services of any lawyers or 
other experts whose advice or services 
it deems necessary and may rely upon 
any advice so obtained. Neither the Fis-
cal Agent nor the Paying Agent nor the 
Calculation Agent will incur any liability 
as against the Noteholders in respect of 
any action taken, or not taken, or suf-
fered to be taken, or not taken, in ac-
cordance with such advice in good faith. 
 
 
 Schuldnerersetzung 
 Substitution 
 
 
 
Ersetzung. 
 
Substitution. 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, 
ohne Zustimmung der Anleihegläubi-
ger, eine andere Gesellschaft, die direkt 
oder indirekt von der Emittentin kon-
trolliert wird ("Verbundene Unterneh-
men", wie in § 15 AktG definiert), als 
neue Emittentin für alle sich aus oder 
im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldver-
schreibungen ergebenden Verpflich-
tungen mit schuldbefreiender Wirkung 
für die Emittentin an die Stelle der Emit-
tentin zu setzen (Neue Emittentin), so-
fern 
The Issuer may at any time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, substitute 
for the Issuer any other company which 
is directly or indirectly controlled by the 
Issuer ("Affiliated Companies", as de-
fined in Section 15 German Stock Corpo-
ration Act –Aktiengesetz), as new issuer 
(New Issuer) in respect of all obligations 
arising under or in connection with the 
Notes with the effect of releasing the Is-
suer of all such obligations, if: 
 
 
 
die Neue Emittentin sämtliche 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen über-
nimmt und, sofern eine Zustellung 
an die Neue Emittentin außerhalb 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
erfolgen müsste, einen Zustel-
lungsbevollmächtigten in der Bun-
desrepublik Deutschland bestellt; 
 
the New Issuer assumes any and all 
obligations of the Issuer arising un-
der or in connection with the 
Notes and, if service of process vis-
à-vis the New Issuer would have to 
be effected outside the Federal Re-
public of Germany, appoints a pro-
cess agent within the Federal Re-
public of Germany; 
 
 
 
die Emittentin und die Neue Emit-
tentin sämtliche für die Schuldne-
rersetzung und die Erfüllung der 
Verpflichtungen aus oder im Zu-
sammenhang mit den Schuldver-
schreibungen erforderlichen Ge-
nehmigungen erhalten haben; 
 
the Issuer and the New Issuer have 
obtained all authorisations and ap-
provals necessary for the substitu-
tion and the fulfilment of the obli-
gations arising under or in connec-
tion with the Notes; 
 
 
 die Neue Emittentin in der Lage 
ist, sämtliche zur Erfüllung der 
 the New Issuer is in the position to 
pay to the Clearing System or to

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
aufgrund der Schuldverschreibun-
gen bestehenden Zahlungsver-
pflichtungen erforderlichen Be-
träge in der Festgelegten Wäh-
rung an das Clearingsystem oder 
die Emissionsstelle zu zahlen, und 
zwar ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt 
von Steuern oder sonstigen Abga-
ben jedweder Art, die von dem 
Land (oder den Ländern), in dem 
(in denen) die Neue Emittentin ih-
ren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, aufer-
legt, erhoben oder eingezogen 
werden; 
the Fiscal Agent in the Specified 
Currency and without deducting or 
withholding any taxes or other du-
ties of whatever nature imposed, 
levied or deducted by the country 
(or countries) in which the New Is-
suer has its domicile or tax resi-
dence all amounts required for the 
performance of the payment obli-
gations arising from or in connec-
tion with the Notes; 
 
 die Emittentin unbedingt und un-
widerruflich die Verpflichtungen 
der Neuen Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen zu Bedin-
gungen garantiert, die sicherstel-
len, dass jeder Anleihegläubiger 
wirtschaftlich mindestens so ge-
stellt wird, wie er ohne die Erset-
zung stehen würde; 
 the Issuer unconditionally and ir-
revocably guarantees such obliga-
tions of the New Issuer under the 
Notes on terms which ensure that 
each Noteholder will be put in an 
economic position that is at least 
as favourable as that which would 
have existed if the substitution had 
not taken place; 
 
 
 
die Neue Emittentin sich verpflich-
tet hat, jeden Anleihegläubiger 
hinsichtlich solcher Steuern, Abga-
ben oder behördlichen Lasten frei-
zustellen, die einem Anleihegläu-
biger bezüglich der Ersetzung auf-
erlegt werden; und 
 
the New Issuer has agreed to in-
demnify and hold harmless each 
Noteholder against any tax, duty, 
assessment 
or 
governmental 
charge imposed on such Note-
holder in respect of such substitu-
tion; and 
 
 
 der Emissionsstelle ein oder meh-
rere Rechtsgutachten von aner-
kannten Rechtsanwälten vorge-
legt werden, welche bestätigen, 
dass die Bestimmungen in den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (i) 
bis (v) erfüllt wurden. 
 there shall have been delivered to 
the Fiscal Agent an opinion of law-
yers of recognised standing to the 
effect that subparagraphs (i) to (v) 
above have been satisfied. 
 
 
 Bezugnahmen. 
 References. 
 
 
 
Im Fall einer Schuldnerersetzung 
gemäß § 10(a) gilt jede Bezug-
nahme in diesen Anleihebedin-
gungen auf die Emittentin als eine 
solche auf die Neue Emittentin. 
 
In the event of a substitution pur-
suant to § 10(a), any reference in 
these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall be a reference to the 
New Issuer. 
 
 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, dass dies 
nur gilt, soweit sich nicht aus Sinn 
und Zweck der jeweiligen Bedin-
gung ergibt, dass die Bezugnahme 
entweder weiterhin nur auf die 
TAG Immobilien AG erfolgen soll, 
oder dass die Bezugnahme auf die 
Neue Emittentin und gleichzeitig 
For the avoidance of doubt this 
shall apply only to the extent that 
the meaning and purpose of the 
relevant condition requires that 
the relevant reference shall con-
tinue to be a reference only to TAG 
Immobilien AG, or that the refer-
ence shall be to the New Issuer and

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
auch auf die TAG Immobilien AG, 
im Hinblick auf deren Verpflich-
tungen aus der Garantie gemäß 
§ 10(a)(iv) erfolgen soll. 
TAG Immobilien AG, in relation to 
TAG Immobilien AG's obligations 
under the guarantee pursuant to 
§ 10(a)(iv) at the same time. 
 
 
In § 8 gilt ein weiterer Kündigungs-
grund als aufgenommen, der dann 
besteht, wenn die Garantie gemäß 
§ 10(a)(iv) mit rechtskräftiger Ent-
scheidung eines zuständigen Ge-
richts für nicht vollumfänglich 
wirksam erklärt wird, oder die Ga-
rantin einen Mangel der Wirksam-
keit behauptet und dieser Mangel 
nicht innerhalb von zehn Ge-
schäftstagen behoben wird. 
 
In § 8 a further event of default 
shall be deemed to have been in-
cluded; such event of default shall 
exist in the case that the guarantee 
pursuant to § 10(a)(iv) is deter-
mined by the final decision of a 
competent court or is claimed by 
the guarantor not to be in full force 
and effect and such defect is not 
corrected within ten business 
days. 
 
 
 Verpflichtungserklärungen  
 Covenants  
 
 
 
Beschränkungen für das Eingehen von Fi-
nanzverbindlichkeiten. Die Emittentin 
verpflichtet sich, nach dem Begebungs-
tag keine Finanzverbindlichkeiten einzu-
gehen und sicherzustellen, dass ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften nach dem Bege-
bungstag keine Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
eingehen, wenn jeweils unmittelbar nach 
dem wirksamen Eingehen solcher weite-
rer Finanzverbindlichkeiten und der Ver-
wendung des damit erzielten Nettoerlö-
ses eine der folgenden Bedingungen er-
füllt wären:  
 
Limitations on Incurrence of Financial In-
debtedness. The Issuer undertakes that it 
will not, and will procure that none of its 
Subsidiaries will, after the Issue Date, in-
cur any Financial Indebtedness if, imme-
diately after giving effect to the incur-
rence of such additional Financial Indebt-
edness and the application of the net 
proceeds of such incurrence, 
 
 
 
das Verhältnis der (i) Summe (x) 
der Konsolidierten Nettofinanz-
verbindlichkeiten der Gruppe zum 
unmittelbar vorangegangenen Be-
richtsstichtag, zu dem ein Kon-
zernabschluss der Emittentin ver-
öffentlicht worden ist, und (y) der 
Neuen 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, 
die seit dem unmittelbar vorange-
gangenen Berichtsstichtag einge-
gangen wurden, zu dem ein Kon-
zernabschluss der Emittentin ver-
öffentlicht worden ist, zu (ii) der 
Summe (unter Ausschluss einer 
Doppelberücksichtigung) (x) der 
Summe Aktiva zum unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstich-
tag, zu dem ein Konzernabschluss 
der Emittentin veröffentlicht wor-
den ist, (y) der Kaufpreise für Im-
mobilienvermögen (ohne Abzüge 
für übernommene Finanzverbind-
lichkeiten), das seit dem unmittel-
bar 
vorangegangenen 
 
the ratio of (i) the sum of (x) the 
Consolidated Net Financial In-
debtedness of the Group as of the 
immediately preceding Reporting 
Date for which Consolidated Fi-
nancial Statements of the Issuer 
have been published and (y) the 
New Financial Indebtedness in-
curred since the immediately pre-
ceding Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated 
Financial 
State-
ments of the Issuer have been 
published to (ii) the sum of (with-
out duplication) (x) the Total As-
sets as of the immediately preced-
ing Reporting Date for which Con-
solidated Financial Statements of 
the Issuer have been published, 
(y) the purchase prices of any Real 
Estate Property (without any de-
ductions for assumed Financial In-
debtedness) acquired or con-
tracted for acquisition since the 
immediately preceding Reporting

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein Kon-
zernabschluss der Emittentin ver-
öffentlicht 
wurde, 
erworben 
wurde oder für dessen Erwerb seit 
diesem Zeitpunkt eine Verpflich-
tung eingegangen wurde, und (z) 
des Erlöses aus Finanzverbindlich-
keiten, die seit dem unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstich-
tag eingegangen wurden, zu dem 
ein Konzernabschluss der Emitten-
tin veröffentlicht wurde (jedoch 
nur soweit dieser Erlös nicht zum 
Erwerb von Immobilienvermögen 
oder zur Verringerung von Finanz-
verbindlichkeiten 
verwendet 
wurde) (dieses Verhältnis in Bezug 
auf einen beliebigen Zeitpunkt, 
der Verschuldungsgrad (LTV) zu 
dem entsprechenden Zeitpunkt) 
60 % übersteigen würde; oder 
Date for which Consolidated Fi-
nancial Statements of the Issuer 
have been published and (z) the 
proceeds of any Financial Indebt-
edness incurred since the immedi-
ately preceding Reporting Date 
for which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have 
been published (but only to the 
extent such proceeds were not 
used to acquire Real Estate Prop-
erty or to reduce Financial Indebt-
edness) (such ratio, with respect 
to any date, the Loan-to-Value 
Ratio as of that date) would ex-
ceed 60 per cent; or 
 
 
die Summe (x) der Besicherten Fi-
nanzverbindlichkeiten der Gruppe 
zum unmittelbar vorangegange-
nen Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin 
veröffentlicht worden ist, und (y) 
dem Nennbetrag der Neuen Besi-
cherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten, 
die seit dem unmittelbar vorange-
gangenen Berichtsstichtag einge-
gangen wurden, zu dem ein Kon-
zernabschluss der Emittentin ver-
öffentlicht worden ist, würde ei-
nen Betrag in Höhe von 40% (ii) 
der Summe (unter Ausschluss ei-
ner Doppelberücksichtigung) (x) 
der Summe Aktiva zum unmittel-
bar vorangegangenen Berichts-
stichtag, zu dem ein Konzernab-
schluss der Emittentin veröffent-
licht worden ist, (y) der Kaufpreise 
für Immobilienvermögen (ohne 
Abzüge für übernommene Finanz-
verbindlichkeiten), das seit dem 
unmittelbar vorangegangenen Be-
richtsstichtag, zu dem ein Kon-
zernabschluss der Emittentin ver-
öffentlicht worden ist, erworben 
wurde oder für dessen Erwerb seit 
diesem Zeitpunkt eine Verpflich-
tung eingegangen wurde, und (z) 
des Erlöses aus Finanzverbindlich-
keiten, die seit dem unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstich-
tag eingegangen wurden, zu dem 
 
the sum of (x) the Secured Finan-
cial Indebtedness as of the imme-
diately preceding Reporting Date 
for which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have 
been published and (yi) the New 
Secured Financial Indebtedness 
incurred since the immediately 
preceding Reporting Date for 
which 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have 
been published would exceed 40 
per cent. of (ii) the sum of (with-
out duplication) (x) Total Assets as 
of the immediately preceding Re-
porting Date for which Consoli-
dated Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published, (y) 
the purchase prices of any Real Es-
tate Property (without any deduc-
tions for assumed Financial In-
debtedness) acquired or con-
tracted for acquisition since the 
immediately preceding Reporting 
Date for which Consolidated Fi-
nancial Statements of the Issuer 
have been published and (z) the 
proceeds of any Financial Indebt-
edness incurred since the immedi-
ately preceding Reporting Date 
for which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have 
been published (but only to the 
extent such proceeds were not 
used to acquire Real Estate

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
ein Konzernabschluss der Emitten-
tin veröffentlicht worden ist (je-
doch nur soweit dieser Erlös nicht 
zum Erwerb von Immobilienver-
mögen oder zur Verringerung von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten verwen-
det wurde) (dieses Verhältnis in 
Bezug auf einen beliebigen Zeit-
punkt, der Verschuldungsgrad 
(LTV) Besichertes Vermögen zu 
dem entsprechenden Zeitpunkt) 
übersteigen. 
Property or to reduce Financial In-
debtedness) (such ratio, with re-
spect to any date, the "Secured 
Loan-to-Value Ratio" as of that 
date). 
 
 Einhaltung des 
Konsolidierten 
De-
ckungsgrads. Die Emittentin verpflich-
tet sich sicherzustellen, dass das Ver-
hältnis von (i) dem Gesamtbetrag des 
Konsolidierten Bereinigten EBITDA in 
den jeweils letzten vier aufeinanderfol-
genden Quartalen, die vor dem Be-
richtsstichtag geendet haben, zu dem 
ein Konzernabschluss der Emittentin 
veröffentlicht worden ist, zu (ii) dem 
Gesamtbetrag des Zahlungswirksamen 
Zinsergebnisses in den jeweils letzten 
vier aufeinanderfolgenden Quartalen, 
die vor dem Berichtstichtag geendet ha-
ben, zum dem ein Konzernabschluss 
der Emittentin veröffentlicht worden 
ist, nicht weniger als 1,80 zu 1,00 betra-
gen wird.  
 Maintenance of Consolidated Coverage 
Ratio. The Issuer undertakes to ensure 
that the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
amount of Consolidated Adjusted 
EBITDA in the respective most recent 
four consecutive quarters ending prior 
to the Reporting Date for which Consol-
idated Financial Statements of the Is-
suer have been published to (ii) the ag-
gregate amount of Net Cash Interest in 
the respective most recent four consec-
utive quarters ending prior to the Re-
porting Date for which Consolidated Fi-
nancial Statements of the Issuer have 
been published will be no less than 1.80 
to 1.00. 
 
 
 
Berichte. Solange Schuldverschreibun-
gen ausstehen, veröffentlicht die Emit-
tentin die folgenden Angaben auf ihrer 
Internetseite: 
 
Reports. For so long as any Notes are out-
standing, the Issuer shall post on its web-
site, 
 
 
 
Innerhalb von 120 Tagen nach dem 
Ende des Geschäftsjahrs der Emit-
tentin einen Geschäftsbericht mit 
einem geprüften Konzernabschluss 
nach den in der EU anwendbaren 
International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) und einem Lagebe-
richt nach § 315 HGB; und 
 
within 120 days after the end of 
each of the Issuer’s fiscal years, an-
nual reports containing the audited 
consolidated financial statements 
in accordance with IFRS as adopted 
by the EU and the management re-
port in accordance with section 315 
of the German Commercial Code; 
and 
 
 
 
innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach dem 
Ende jedes der ersten drei Quartale 
jedes Geschäftsjahrs der Emittentin 
einen ungeprüften verkürzten Kon-
zern-Zwischenabschluss nach den 
in der EU anwendbaren IFRS bzw. 
eine Quartalsmitteilung entspre-
chend den Anforderungen der 
Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse. 
 
within 60 days after the end of each 
of the first three fiscal quarters in 
each fiscal year of the Issuer, unau-
dited 
condensed 
consolidated 
quarterly financial statements in 
accordance with IFRS as adopted by 
the EU or a quarterly statement in 
accordance with the requirements 
of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
 Definitionen. 
(d) Definitions. 
 
 
Berichtsstichtag ist der 31. März, 30. 
Juni, 30. September und 31. Dezember 
eines jeden Jahres. 
Reporting Date means 31 March, 30 
June, 30 September and 31 December 
of each year. 
 
 
Besicherte Finanzverbindlichkeiten be-
zeichnet den Teil der Konsolidierten 
Nettofinanzverbindlichkeiten, der mit 
Sicherungsrechten an Immobilien oder 
sonstigen Vermögenswerten der Emit-
tentin oder ihrer Tochtergesellschaften 
dinglich besichert ist (jeweils nach IFRS 
ermittelt). 
Secured Financial Indebtedness means 
that portion of the Consolidated Net Fi-
nancial Indebtedness that is secured by 
a Lien on properties or other assets of 
the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
(each as determined in accordance with 
IFRS). 
 
 
Eingehen bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine 
Finanzverbindlichkeit oder eine sons-
tige Verbindlichkeit einer Person die Be-
gründung, die Übernahme, Abgabe ei-
ner Garantie oder Bürgschaft dafür 
oder eine anderweitige Übernahme der 
Haftung für diese Finanzverbindlichkeit 
oder sonstige Verbindlichkeit; das Ein-
gehen bzw. eingegangen sind entspre-
chend auszulegen. 
Incur means, with respect to any Finan-
cial Indebtedness or other obligation of 
any Person, to create, assume, guaran-
tee or otherwise become liable in re-
spect of such Financial Indebtedness or 
other obligation, and incurrence and in-
curred have the meanings correlative to 
the foregoing. 
 
 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
bezeichnet 
(unter Ausschluss einer Doppelberück-
sichtigung) alle Verbindlichkeiten (aus-
genommen solche gegenüber anderen 
Mitgliedern der Gruppe) aus: 
Financial Indebtedness means (without 
duplication) any indebtedness (exclud-
ing any indebtedness owed to another 
member of the Group) for or in respect 
of: 
 
 
 
aufgenommenen Geldern; 
 
money borrowed; 
 
 
 
allen im Rahmen von Akzeptkredi-
ten oder eines dematerialisierten 
Äquivalents aufgenommenen Be-
träge; 
 
any amount raised by acceptance 
under any acceptance credit facil-
ity or a dematerialized equivalent; 
 
 
  allen im Rahmen von Fazilitäten 
zum Kauf kurzfristiger Schuldtitel 
oder aus der Begebung von Anlei-
hen, 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
Commercial Paper oder vergleich-
baren Instrumenten aufgenom-
menen Beträgen; 
 any amount raised pursuant to 
any note purchase facility or the 
issue of bonds, notes, commercial 
papers or any similar instrument; 
 
 
 veräußerten oder diskontierten 
Forderungen (außer bei einem 
Forderungsverkauf ohne Rück-
griffsrecht); 
 receivables sold or discounted 
(other than any receivables to the 
extend they are sold on a non-re-
course basis); 
 
 
 
der Aufnahme von Beträgen im 
Rahmen anderer Rechtsgeschäfte 
(einschließlich Termingeschäften), 
die die wirtschaftliche Wirkung 
 
any amounts raised under any 
other transaction (including any 
forward sale or purchase agree-
ment) having the commercial

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
einer Kreditaufnahme haben, aus-
genommen jedoch Bankgarantie-
Fazilitäten, die der Emittentin 
oder einer Tochtergesellschaft 
von Finanzinstituten gewährt wer-
den oder gewährt werden sollen 
und in deren Rahmen die Emitten-
tin bzw. die jeweilige Tochterge-
sellschaft die Ausstellung einer 
oder mehrerer Bankgarantien zu-
gunsten einer Person verlangen 
kann, die sich zum Erwerb von Im-
mobilienvermögen von der Emit-
tentin oder einer Tochtergesell-
schaft verpflichtet hat; 
effect of a borrowing, but exclud-
ing bank guarantee facilities made 
or to be made available by finan-
cial institutions to the Issuer or a 
Subsidiary under which the Issuer 
or the respective Subsidiary may 
request the issue of a bank guar-
antee or bank guarantees in fa-
vour of a person who agrees to 
purchase a Real Estate Property 
owned by the Issuer or a Subsidi-
ary; 
 
 Derivategeschäften, die zur Absi-
cherung oder Spekulation im Hin-
blick auf Zins- oder Preisschwan-
kungen abgeschlossen werden 
(wobei bei der Berechnung des 
Wertes eines Derivategeschäfts 
nur der Marktwert (mark to mar-
ket value) zu berücksichtigen ist); 
 any derivative transaction en-
tered into in connection with pro-
tection against or benefit from 
fluctuation in any rate or price 
(and, when calculating the value 
of any derivative transaction, only 
the mark to market value shall be 
taken into ac-count); 
 
 
 einer Gegenverpflichtung zur Frei-
stellung in Bezug auf eine Bürg-
schaft, eine Freistellungsverpflich-
tung, eine Garantie, ein Garantie- 
oder Dokumentenakkreditiv oder 
ein anderes von einer Bank oder 
einem Finanzinstitut ausgestelltes 
Instrument; und 
 any counter-indemnity obligation 
in respect of a guarantee, indem-
nity, bond, standby or documen-
tary letter of credit or any other 
instrument issued by a bank or fi-
nancial institution; and 
 
 
 Verbindlichkeiten aus einer Ga-
rantie, Bürgschaft oder Freistel-
lungsverpflichtung in Bezug auf 
Verbindlichkeiten der in den vor-
stehenden Absätzen (i) bis (vii) ge-
nannten Art, 
 the amount of any liability in re-
spect of any guarantee or indem-
nity for any of the items referred 
to in paragraphs (i) to (vii) above, 
 
 
jeweils nur falls und soweit der jewei-
lige Betrag oder die jeweilige Verpflich-
tung nach IFRS als "Verbindlichkeit" er-
fasst wird. 
in each such case only if and to the ex-
tent the relevant amount or obligation 
is recorded as "indebtedness" in ac-
cordance with IFRS. 
 
 
Gruppe bezeichnet die Emittentin und 
ihre Tochtergesellschaften. 
Group means the Issuer together with 
its Subsidiaries. 
 
 
IFRS bezeichnet die in der EU anwend-
baren International Financial Reporting 
Standards des International Accounting 
Standard Board in jeweils geltender 
Fassung. 
IFRS means the International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
European Union and as published by 
the International Accounting Standards 
Board, as in effect from time to time. 
 
 
Immobilienvermögen bezeichnet (unter 
Ausschluss 
einer 
Real Estate Property means (without du-
plication) the real estate property of the

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
Doppelberücksichtigung) das im Kon-
zernabschluss der Emittentin in den Bi-
lanzpositionen "als Finanzinvestition ge-
haltene Immobilien", "Immobilien des 
Vorratsvermögens", "zur Veräußerung 
gehaltene langfristige Vermögenswerte", 
"Vorauszahlungen auf als Finanzinvesti-
tion gehaltene Immobilien" und "Voraus-
zahlungen für Unternehmenserwerbe" 
zum unmittelbar vorausgehendenden 
Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein Konzernab-
schluss der Emittentin veröffentlicht 
worden ist, angesetzte oder nach IFRS 
seit dem unmittelbar vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein Konzernab-
schluss der Emittentin veröffentlicht 
worden ist, anzusetzende Immobilien-
vermögen der Emittentin und der Toch-
tergesellschaften. 
Issuer and the Subsidiaries that is recog-
nized as of the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer have 
been published, or is required to be rec-
ognized in accordance with IFRS since 
the immediately preceding Reporting 
Date for which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have been pub-
lished, in the balance sheet items "in-
vestment properties", "properties held 
as inventory", "non-current assets held 
for sale", "prepayments for investment 
properties" and "prepayments for busi-
ness combinations" of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer. 
 
Konsolidierte 
Nettofinanzverbindlich-
keiten bezeichnet die nach IFRS ermittel-
ten Nettofinanzverbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin und ihrer Tochtergesellschaf-
ten auf konsolidierter Basis als "Finanz-
schulden" (einschließlich des Nettobe-
trages aller Zahlungspflichten aus Finanz-
derivaten) abzüglich "Flüssige Mittel" (je-
weils wie im Konzernabschluss der Emit-
tentin ausgewiesen). 
Consolidated Net Financial Indebted-
ness means the net financial indebted-
ness of the Issuer and any of its Subsidi-
aries, on a consolidated basis deter-
mined in accordance with IFRS as "fi-
nancing liabilities" (including the net 
amount of all payment obligations under 
financial derivative transactions) less 
"cash and cash equivalents" (each shown 
in the Consolidated Financial Statements 
of the Issuer). 
 
 
Konsolidiertes Bereinigtes EBITDA be-
zeichnet den unter der Überschrift 
"EBITDA" angegebenen Zahlenwert be-
reinigt um das "Ergebnis aus der Bewer-
tung von als Finanzinvestitionen gehalte-
nen Immobilien", das "Ergebnis aus der 
Veräußerung von Vorratsimmobilien", 
das "Ergebnis aus der Veräußerung von 
als Finanzinvestitionen gehaltenen Im-
mobilien", die Projektkosten mit Einmal-
charakter und anderen außerordentli-
chen sowie periodenfremden Aufwen-
dungen und Erträgen sowie den Markt-
wert (mark to market value) der Deriva-
tegeschäfte (jeweils vorbehaltlich der 
Bestimmungen in diesen Anleihebedin-
gungen). 
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA means 
the number set out in the item "EBITDA" 
adjusted for "net income on the remeas-
urement of investment properties", "net 
income from the disposal of real estate 
inventory", "net income from the dis-
posal of investment properties", non-re-
curring project costs and other extraordi-
nary and prior-period expenses and in-
come as well as the mark to market value 
of derivative transactions (in each case 
subject to the determination specified in 
these Terms and Conditions). 
 
 
Konzernabschluss bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf eine Person den nach IFRS erstellten 
Konzernabschluss mit Anhang und La-
gebericht für diese Person und ihre 
Tochterunternehmen sowie Konzern-
zwischenabschlüsse und Quartalsmit-
teilungen (zum relevanten Zeitpunkt). 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
means, with respect to any Person, the 
consolidated financial statements and 
notes to those financial statements and 
the group management report of that 
Person and its subsidiaries prepared in 
accordance with IFRS as well as interim

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
consolidated financial statements and 
quarterly statements (as of the relevant 
date). 
 
Neue Finanzverbindlichkeiten bezeich-
net den Betrag der eingegangenen Fi-
nanzverbindlichkeiten abzüglich (i) des 
Betrags der zurückgezahlten Finanzver-
bindlichkeiten und (ii) "Flüssiger Mittel" 
(jeweils nach IFRS ermittelt). 
New Financial Indebtedness means the 
amount of Financial Indebtedness in-
curred minus (i) the amount of Financial 
Indebtedness repaid and (ii) "cash and 
cash equivalents" (each as determined 
in accordance with IFRS). 
 
 
Neue Besicherte Finanzverbindlichkei-
ten bezeichnet den Betrag der einge-
gangenen Besicherten Finanzverbind-
lichkeiten abzüglich des Betrags der zu-
rückgezahlten Besicherten Finanzver-
bindlichkeiten (jeweils nach IFRS ermit-
telt).  
New Secured Financial Indebtedness 
means the amount of Secured Financial 
Indebtedness 
incurred 
minus 
the 
amount of Secured Financial Indebted-
ness repaid (each as determined in ac-
cordance with IFRS).  
 
 
Person bezeichnet natürliche Personen, 
Körperschaften, Personengesellschaf-
ten, Joint Ventures, Vereinigungen, Ak-
tiengesellschaften, Trusts, nicht rechts-
fähige Vereinigungen, Gesellschaften 
mit beschränkter Haftung, staatliche 
Stellen (oder Behörden oder Gebiets-
körperschaften) oder sonstige Rechts-
träger.  
Person means any individual, corpora-
tion, partnership, joint venture, associ-
ation, joint stock company, trust, unin-
corporated organization, limited liabil-
ity company or government (or any 
agency or political subdivision thereof) 
or any other entity.  
 
 
Sicherungsrecht bezeichnet (unter Aus-
schluss einer Doppelberücksichtigung) 
Sicherungsrechte, Grundpfandrechte, 
Sicherung-Treuhandverträge, 
Siche-
rungsurkunden, Verpfändungsverträge, 
Sicherungsabtretungen, 
Sicherungs-
übereignungen, 
Hinterlegungsverein-
barungen oder sonstige Sicherungsab-
reden, ausgenommen Rechte zur Auf-
rechnung, jedoch u. a. einschließlich be-
dingte Kaufverträge oder Vereinbarun-
gen unter Eigentumsvorbehalt, Finan-
zierungsleasingverträge, die wirtschaft-
lich im Wesentlichen den vorgenannten 
Vereinbarungen gleichkommen, sowie 
sonstige Vereinbarungen, die ein dingli-
ches Sicherungsrecht gewähren oder 
übertragen und zwar einer Person, die 
nicht Mitglied der Gruppe ist, jeweils 
zur Besicherung ausstehender Finanz-
verbindlichkeiten, jedoch keine  
Lien means (without duplication) any 
lien, mortgage, trust deed, deed of 
trust, deed, pledge, security interest, 
assignment for collateral purposes, de-
posit arrangement, or other security 
agreement, excluding any right of setoff 
but including, without limitation, any 
conditional sale or other title retention 
agreement, any financing lease having 
substantially the same economic effect 
as any of the foregoing, and any other 
like agreement granting or conveying a 
security interest in rem to a Person that 
is not a member of the Group, in each 
case to secure outstanding Financial In-
debtedness, but in each case excluding  
 
 
 
in Abteilung 2 eines deutschen 
Grundbuchs eingetragenen Belas-
tungen;  
 
any encumbrance registered in 
department 2 of the German land 
register;  
 
 
 
Sicherungsrechte, die im Zusam-
menhang mit der Veräußerung 
 
any lien arising in connection with 
a disposal of an asset in the

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
eines Vermögenswerts im Rah-
men der gewöhnlichen Geschäfts-
tätigkeit entstehen, u. a. Siche-
rungsrechte an Vermögenswer-
ten, die Gegenstand eines Kauf-
vertrags sind, zur Finanzierung des 
Kaufpreises;  
ordinary course of business in-
cluding, without limitation, any 
lien created in assets subject to a 
sale agreement for the purposes 
of financing the purchase price;  
 
 Sicherungsrechte, für die dem 
maßgeblichen 
Mitglied 
der 
Gruppe 
eine 
unbedingte 
Lö-
schungsbewilligung 
übermittelt 
wurde;  
 any lien in respect of which an un-
conditional deletion consent has 
been delivered to the relevant 
member of the Group;  
 
 
 Sicherungsrechte, die kraft Geset-
zes (oder kraft einer Vereinbarung 
mit derselben Wirkung) oder im 
Rahmen der gewöhnlichen Ge-
schäftstätigkeit entstehen;  
 any lien arising by operation of 
law (or by agreement having the 
same effect) or in the ordinary 
course of business;  
 
 
 
Barsicherheiten, die im Zusam-
menhang mit Währungs- und Zins-
absicherungsgeschäften 
gestellt 
werden; und 
 
any cash collateral posted in con-
nection with cross-currency and 
interest rate hedging transac-
tions; and 
 
 
 Sicherungsrechte an Bankkonten 
nach Maßgabe der allgemeinen 
Geschäftsbedingungen des Anbie-
ters von Bankkonten.  
 any lien on bank accounts under 
general terms and conditions of 
any provider of bank accounts.  
 
 
Summe Aktiva bezeichnet den Wert 
der konsolidierten Bilanzsumme der 
Emittentin und der Tochtergesellschaf-
ten, der in einer nach IFRS erstellten 
konsolidierten Bilanz der Emittentin er-
scheint oder erscheinen würde, wobei 
die "Summe Aktiva" die Zuflüsse aus 
den einzugehenden Finanzverbindlich-
keiten einschließt.  
Total Assets means the value of the 
consolidated total assets of the Issuer 
and the Subsidiaries, as such amount 
appears, or would appear, on a consoli-
dated balance sheet of the Issuer pre-
pared in accordance with IFRS, pro-
vided that "Total Assets" shall include 
the proceeds of the Financial Indebted-
ness to be incurred.  
 
 
Zahlungswirksames Zinsergebnis be-
zeichnet alle an Personen, die nicht Mit-
glied der Gruppe sind, aufgelaufenen, 
bar zu zahlenden Zinsen und sonstigen 
Finanzierungskosten abzüglich des Be-
trags aller durch Mitglieder der Gruppe 
von Personen, die nicht Mitglied der 
Gruppe sind, zu erhaltenden und aufge-
laufenen Zinsen und sonstigen Finanzie-
rungskosten, jeweils ausgenommen ein-
malige Finanzierungskosten (u. a. einma-
lige Entgelte und/oder Vorfälligkeitsent-
schädigungen). 
Net Cash Interest means all cash interest 
and other financing charges accrued to 
persons who are not members of the 
Group less the amount of any interest 
and other financing charges accrued to 
be received by members of the Group 
from persons who are not members of 
the Group, in each case, excluding any 
one-off financing charges (including 
without limitation, any one-off fees 
and/or break costs). 
 
 
 Bekanntmachungen 
 Notices

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die an 
der Luxem-
burger 
Börse no-
tiert sind, 
ist Folgen-
des an-
wendbar: 
(a) 
Veröffentlichungen. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffen-
den Mitteilungen erfolgen durch 
elektronische Publikation auf der 
Internetseite der Luxemburger 
Börse (www.bourse.lu). Jede Mit-
teilung gilt am dritten Tag nach 
dem Tag der Veröffentlichung als 
wirksam erfolgt. 
(a) 
Publications. All notices concern-
ing the Notes will be made by 
means of electronic publication on 
the internet website of the Luxem-
bourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Any notice so 
given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the third day fol-
lowing the date of such publica-
tion. 
In 
the 
case 
of 
Notes 
which are 
listed on 
the 
Luxem-
bourg 
Stock Ex-
change, 
the 
fol-
lowing 
applies: 
(b) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsys-
tem. Solange Schuldverschreibun-
gen an der Luxemburger Börse 
(Bourse de Luxembourg) am Regu-
lierten Markt zugelassen sind, fin-
det § 12 Absatz (a) Anwendung. 
Soweit die Regeln der Luxembur-
ger Börse dies zulassen, kann die 
Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung 
nach § 12 Absatz (a) durch eine 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System 
zur Weiterleitung an die Anleihe-
gläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag 
nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System als den Anlei-
hegläubigern mitgeteilt. 
(b) Notification to Clearing System. So 
long as any Notes are listed on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxem-
bourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de 
Luxembourg), § 12(a) shall apply. If 
the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so permit, the Issuer 
may deliver the relevant notice to 
the Clearing System for communi-
cation by the Clearing System to 
the Noteholders, in lieu of publica-
tion as set forth in § 12(a) above; 
any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been validly given on the fifth 
day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to the Clearing 
System. 
 
 
 
 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
ver-
schrei-
bungen, 
die nicht 
auf 
Veran-
lassung 
der 
Emitten-
tin an ei-
ner 
Börse 
notiert 
sind, ist 
Folgen-
des an-
wend-
bar:
(a) 
Veröffentlichungen. Alle die Schuldver-
schreibungen betreffenden Mitteilun-
gen erfolgen durch elektronische Publi-
kation auf der Internetseite der Emit-
tentin (www.tag-ag.com). Jede derar-
tige Mitteilung gilt im Zeitpunkt der so 
erfolgten Veröffentlichung seitens der 
Emittentin als wirksam erfolgt. 
(b) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
Die Emittentin wird zusätzlich alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung an die Anleihegläubiger 
übermitteln. 
  
 
Publications. All notices concerning the 
Notes will be made by means of elec-
tronic publication on the internet web-
site of the Issuer (www.tag-ag.com). 
Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given when so published by the Is-
suer. 
 Notification to Clearing System. In addi-
tion, the Issuer shall deliver all notices 
concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clear-
ing System to the Noteholders. 
 
  
 In 
the 
case 
of 
Notes 
which are 
not listed 
at the ini-
tiative of 
the 
Is-
suer, the 
following 
applies: 
 
[(c)][(d)]Mitteilungen eines Anleihegläubi-
gers. Mitteilungen, die von einem Anlei-
hegläubiger gemacht werden, müssen 
schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit 
dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft 
[(c)][(d)]Notices by a Noteholder. Notices to 
be given by any Noteholder shall be 
made in written form together with an 
evidence of the Noteholder's entitle-
ment in accordance with § 14(c)(a) to

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
gemäß § 14(c)(a) an die Emissionsstelle 
geleitet werden. Eine solche Mitteilung 
kann über das Clearingsystem in der 
von der Emissionsstelle und dem Clea-
ringsystem dafür vorgesehenen Weise 
erfolgen. 
the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be 
given through the Clearing System in 
such manner as the Fiscal Agent and the 
Clearing System may approve for such 
purpose. 
 
 Begebung weiterer Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
 Further Issues 
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, ohne Zustimmung der Anleihegläu-
biger weitere Schuldverschreibungen 
mit gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenen-
falls mit Ausnahme des Tages der Bege-
bung, 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder des Ausgabepreises) wie die 
vorliegenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu begeben, so dass sie mit diesen eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. Der Begriff 
Schuldverschreibungen umfasst im Fall 
einer solchen weiteren Begebung auch 
solche zusätzlich begebenen Schuldver-
schreibungen. 
The Issuer reserves the right from time 
to time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders to issue additional notes 
with identical terms and conditions as 
the Notes in all respects (or in all re-
spects except for the date of issue, the 
interest commencement date and/or 
the issue price) so as to be consolidated 
and form a single series with such Notes. 
The term Notes shall, in the event of 
such further issue, also comprise such 
further notes. 
 
 
 Anwendbares Recht, Erfüllungsort und 
Gerichtsstand  
 Applicable Law, Place of Performance 
and Jurisdiction 
 
 
 
Geltendes Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie alle sich 
daraus ergebenden Rechte und Pflich-
ten bestimmen sich ausschließlich nach 
dem 
Recht 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland.  
 
Applicable law. The form and content of 
the Notes as well as all the rights and du-
ties arising therefrom are governed ex-
clusively by the laws of the Federal Re-
public of Germany.  
 
 
 Gerichtsstand. 
Vorbehaltlich 
eines 
zwingenden Gerichtsstandes für beson-
dere Rechtsstreitigkeiten im Zusam-
menhang mit dem Gesetz über Schuld-
verschreibungen aus Gesamtemissio-
nen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
– 
SchVG) in seiner jeweiligen gültigen Fas-
sung (SchVG), ist nicht-ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand für alle sich aus den in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen geregelten 
Rechtsverhältnissen 
ergebenden 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten mit der Emittentin 
(Rechtsstreitigkeiten) 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main. 
 Jurisdiction. Subject to any exclusive 
court of venue for specific legal pro-
ceedings in connection with the German 
Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen) 
(Schuldverschrei-
bungsgesetz – SchVG), as amended 
from time to time (SchVG), non-exclu-
sive court of venue for all litigation with 
the Issuer arising from the legal rela-
tions established in these Terms and 
Conditions (Proceedings) is Frankfurt 
am Main. 
 
 
Für Entscheidungen gemäß § 9 Absatz 
2, § 13 Absatz 3 und § 18 Absatz 2 
SchVG ist gemäß § 9 Absatz 3 SchVG das 
Amtsgericht zuständig, in dessen Bezirk 
die Emittentin ihren Sitz hat. Für Ent-
scheidungen über die Anfechtung von 
Beschlüssen der Anleihegläubiger ist 
The local court (Amtsgericht) in the dis-
trict where the Issuer has its registered 
office will have jurisdiction for all judg-
ments pursuant to § 9(2), § 13(3) and 
§ 18(2) SchVG in accordance with § 9(3) 
SchVG. The regional court (Landgericht) 
in the district where the Issuer has its

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
gemäß § 20 Absatz 3 SchVG das Landge-
richt ausschließlich zuständig, in dessen 
Bezirk die Emittentin ihren Sitz hat. 
registered office will have exclusive ju-
risdiction for all judgments over con-
tested resolutions by Noteholders in ac-
cordance with § 20(3) SchVG. 
 
 
Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder 
Anleihegläubiger ist berechtigt, in jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen die Emittentin 
oder in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit, in dem 
der Anleihegläubiger und die Emitten-
tin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Na-
men auf der folgenden Grundlage zu 
schützen oder geltend zu machen: 
 
Enforcement. Any Noteholder may in 
any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to 
which such Noteholder and the Issuer 
are parties, protect and enforce in its 
own name its rights arising under such 
Notes on the basis of 
 
 
 
indem er eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank beibringt, bei der er 
für die Schuldverschreibungen ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, wel-
che 
 
a statement issued by the Custo-
dian with which such Noteholder 
maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes 
 
 
 den vollständigen Namen 
und die vollständige Adresse 
des Anleihegläubigers an-
gibt, 
 stating the full name and ad-
dress of the Noteholder, 
 
 
 den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen be-
zeichnet, die zum Datum der 
Bescheinigung 
auf 
dem 
Wertpapierdepot verbucht 
sind, und 
 specifying the aggregate prin-
cipal amount of Notes cred-
ited to such securities ac-
count on the date of such 
statement, and 
 
 
 bestätigt, dass die Depot-
bank gegenüber dem maß-
geblichen 
Clearingsystem 
eine schriftliche Erklärung 
bezüglich der Absicht des An-
leihegläubigers, seine An-
sprüche unmittelbar geltend 
zu machen, abgegeben hat, 
(I) die die vorstehend unter 
(A) und (B) bezeichneten In-
formationen enthält, (II) de-
ren Empfang vom Clearing-
system bestätigt wurde, und 
(III) die vom Clearing System 
an die Depotbank zurückge-
schickt wurde, und 
 confirming that the Custo-
dian has given written notice 
to the relevant Clearing Sys-
tem of the intention of the 
Noteholder to enforce claims 
directly which (I) contains the 
information pursuant to (A) 
and 
(B), 
(II) 
has 
been 
acknowledged by the Clear-
ing System, and (III) has been 
returned by the Clearing Sys-
tem to the Custodian, and 
 
 
 
indem er eine Kopie der die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbrie-
fenden Globalurkunde vorlegt, de-
ren Übereinstimmung mit dem 
Original eine vertretungsberech-
tigte Person des Clearingsystems 
oder 
des 
Verwahrers 
des 
 
a copy of the Global Note repre-
senting the Notes certified as be-
ing a true copy by a duly author-
ised officer of the Clearing System 
or a depository of the Clearing Sys-
tem, without the need for produc-
tion in such Proceedings of the

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
Clearingsystems 
bestätigt 
hat, 
ohne dass eine Vorlage der Origi-
nalbelege oder der die Schuldver-
schreibungen verbriefenden Glo-
balurkunde in einem solchen Ver-
fahren erforderlich wäre. 
actual records or the Global Note 
representing the Notes. 
 
In diesen Anleihebedingungen bezeich-
net Depotbank jede Bank oder ein sons-
tiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das 
berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwah-
rungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei 
der/dem der Anleihegläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldver-
schreibungen unterhält, einschließlich 
des Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet des 
Vorstehenden kann jeder Anleihegläu-
biger seine Rechte aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen auch auf jede andere 
Weise schützen oder geltend machen, 
die in dem Land, in dem die Rechtsstrei-
tigkeit geführt wird, prozessual zulässig 
ist. 
In these Terms and Conditions, Custo-
dian means any bank or other financial 
institution of recognised standing au-
thorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Noteholder 
maintains a securities account in respect 
of the Notes and includes the Clearing 
System. Each Noteholder may, without 
prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce its rights under these Notes also 
in any other way which is admitted in 
the country of the Proceedings. 
 
 
 Änderung der Anleihebedingungen; 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter  
 Amendments to the Terms and Condi-
tions; Joint Representative  
 
 
Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die 
Emittentin kann die Anleihebedingun-
gen mit Zustimmung aufgrund Mehr-
heitsbeschlusses der Anleihegläubiger 
nach Maßgabe der §§ 5 ff. SchVG än-
dern. Eine Änderung der Anleihebedin-
gungen ohne Zustimmung der Emitten-
tin scheidet aus. 
 
Amendment of the Terms and Condi-
tions. The Issuer may amend the Terms 
and Conditions with the consent of a 
majority resolution of the Noteholders 
pursuant to §§ 5 et seq. of the SchVG. 
There will be no amendment of the 
Terms and Conditions without the Issu-
er's consent. 
 
Die Anleihegläubiger können insbeson-
dere einer Änderung wesentlicher In-
halte der Anleihebedingungen, ein-
schließlich der in § 5 Absatz 3 SchVG 
vorgesehenen Maßnahmen mit Aus-
nahme der Ersetzung der Emittentin, 
die in § 10 abschließend geregelt ist, 
mit den in dem nachstehenden § 14(b) 
genannten Mehrheiten zustimmen. Ein 
ordnungsgemäß gefasster Mehrheits-
beschluss ist für alle Anleihegläubiger 
verbindlich. 
In particular, the Noteholders may con-
sent to amendments which materially 
change the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions, including such measures as 
provided for under § 5(3) of the SchVG, 
but excluding a substitution of the Is-
suer, which is exclusively subject to the 
provisions in § 10, by resolutions passed 
by such majority of the votes of the 
Noteholders as stated under § 14(b) be-
low. A duly passed majority resolution 
will be binding upon all Noteholders. 
 
 
 Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich 
des nachstehenden Satzes und der Er-
reichung der erforderlichen Beschluss-
fähigkeit, beschließen die Anleihegläu-
biger mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, durch welche 
der 
wesentliche 
Inhalt 
der 
 Majority requirements. Except as pro-
vided by the following sentence and 
provided that the quorum requirements 
are being met, the Noteholders may 
pass resolutions by simple majority of 
the voting rights participating in the 
vote. Resolutions which materially 
change the substance of the Terms and

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
Anleihebedingungen, insbesondere in 
den Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nummer 1 
bis 9 SchVG, geändert wird, bedürfen zu 
ihrer Wirksamkeit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % der an der Abstim-
mung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte 
(Qualifizierte Mehrheit). Das Stimm-
recht ruht, solange die Schuldverschrei-
bungen der Emittentin oder einem mit 
ihr verbundenen Unternehmen (§ 271 
Absatz 2 HGB) zustehen oder für Rech-
nung der Emittentin oder eines mit ihr 
verbundenen Unternehmens gehalten 
werden. 
Conditions, in particular in the cases of 
§ 5(3) numbers 1 through 9 of the 
SchVG, may only be passed by a major-
ity of at least 75 per cent. of the voting 
rights participating in the vote (Quali-
fied Majority). The voting right is sus-
pended as long as any Notes are at-
tributable to the Issuer or any of its affil-
iates (within the meaning of § 271(2) of 
the German Commercial Code (Han-
delsgesetzbuch)) or are being held for 
the account of the Issuer or any of its af-
filiates. 
 
 
Beschlüsse. Beschlüsse der Anleihegläu-
biger werden entweder in einer Gläubi-
gerversammlung nach § 14(c)(i) oder im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versamm-
lung nach § 14(c)(ii) getroffen, die von 
der Emittentin oder einem gemeinsa-
men Vertreter einberufen wird.  
 
Resolutions. Resolutions of the Note-
holders will be made either in a Note-
holders' meeting in accordance with 
§ 14(c)(i) or by means of a vote without 
a meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versa-
mmlung) in accordance with § 14(c)(ii), 
in either case convened by the Issuer or 
a joint representative, if any.  
 
 
 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger 
im Rahmen einer Gläubigerver-
sammlung werden nach §§ 9 ff. 
SchVG getroffen. Die Einberufung 
der Gläubigerversammlung regelt 
die weiteren Einzelheiten der Be-
schlussfassung und der Abstim-
mung. Mit der Einberufung der 
Gläubigerversammlung werden in 
der Tagesordnung die Beschluss-
gegenstände sowie die Vorschläge 
zur Beschlussfassung den Anlei-
hegläubigern bekannt gegeben.  
 
Resolutions of the Noteholders in 
a Noteholders' meeting will be 
made in accordance with §§ 9 et 
seq. of the SchVG. The convening 
notice of a Noteholders' meeting 
will provide the further details re-
lating to the resolutions and the 
voting procedure. The subject 
matter of the vote as well as the 
proposed resolutions will be noti-
fied to Noteholders in the agenda 
of the meeting.  
 
 
 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger 
im Wege der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung werden nach § 18 
SchVG getroffen. Die Aufforde-
rung zur Stimmabgabe durch den 
Abstimmungsleiter regelt die wei-
teren Einzelheiten der Beschluss-
fassung und der Abstimmung. Mit 
der Aufforderung zur Stimmab-
gabe werden die Beschlussgegen-
stände sowie die Vorschläge zur 
Beschlussfassung 
den 
Anlei-
hegläubigern bekannt gegeben. 
 
Resolutions of the Noteholders by 
means of a voting not requiring a 
physical meeting (Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung) will be made 
in accordance § 18 of the SchVG. 
The request for voting as submit-
ted by the chairman (Abstim-
mungsleiter) will provide the fur-
ther details relating to the resolu-
tions and the voting procedure. 
The subject matter of the vote as 
well as the proposed resolutions 
will be notified to Noteholders to-
gether with the request for voting. 
 
 
 Zweite Gläubigerversammlung. Wird 
die Beschlussfähigkeit bei der Abstim-
mung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
nach 
§ 14(c)(ii) nicht festgestellt, kann der 
 Second noteholders' meeting. If it is as-
certained that no quorum exists for the 
vote without meeting pursuant to 
§ 14(c)(ii), 
the 
chairman

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
Abstimmungsleiter eine Gläubigerver-
sammlung 
einberufen, 
welche 
als 
zweite Gläubigerversammlung im Sinne 
des § 15(3) Satz 3 SchVG gilt. 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a 
meeting, which shall be deemed to be a 
second meeting within the meaning of 
§ 15(3) sentence 3 of the SchVG. 
 
 Anmeldung. Die Stimmrechtsausübung 
ist von einer vorherigen Anmeldung der 
Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Die Anmel-
dung muss bis zum dritten Tag vor der 
Gläubigerversammlung im Falle einer 
Gläubigerversammlung 
(wie 
in 
§ 14(c)(i) oder § 14(d) beschrieben) 
bzw. vor dem Beginn des Abstimmungs-
zeitraums im Falle einer Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung (wie in § 14(c)(ii) 
beschrieben) unter der in der Aufforde-
rung zur Stimmabgabe angegebenen 
Anschrift zugehen. Zusammen mit der 
Anmeldung müssen Anleihegläubiger 
den Nachweis ihrer Berechtigung zur 
Teilnahme an der Abstimmung durch 
eine besondere Bescheinigung ihrer je-
weiligen Depotbank in Textform und 
die Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der 
Depotbank erbringen, aus dem hervor-
geht, dass die relevanten Schuldver-
schreibungen für den Zeitraum vom Tag 
der Absendung der Anmeldung (ein-
schließlich) bis zu dem angegebenen 
Ende der Versammlung (einschließlich) 
bzw. dem Ende des Abstimmungszeit-
raums (einschließlich) nicht übertragen 
werden können. 
 Registration. The exercise of voting 
rights is subject to the registration of the 
Noteholders. The registration must be 
received at the address stated in the re-
quest for voting no later than the third 
day prior to the meeting in the case of a 
Noteholders' meeting (as described in 
§ 14(c)(i) or § 14(d)) or the beginning of 
the voting period in the case of voting 
not requiring a physical meeting (as de-
scribed in § 14(c)(ii)), as the case may 
be. As part of the registration, Note-
holders must demonstrate their eligibil-
ity to participate in the vote by means of 
a special confirmation of their respec-
tive Custodian hereof in text form and 
by submission of a blocking instruction 
by the Custodian stating that the rele-
vant Notes are not transferable from 
and including the day such registration 
has been sent until and including the 
stated end of the meeting or day the 
voting period ends, as the case may be. 
 
 
 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. Die Anleihe-
gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbe-
schluss die Bestellung und Abberufung 
eines gemeinsamen Vertreters, die Auf-
gaben und Befugnisse des gemeinsa-
men Vertreters, die Übertragung von 
Rechten der Anleihegläubiger auf den 
gemeinsamen Vertreter und eine Be-
schränkung der Haftung des gemeinsa-
men Vertreters bestimmen. Die Bestel-
lung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters be-
darf einer Qualifizierten Mehrheit, 
wenn er ermächtigt wird, wesentlichen 
Änderungen der Anleihebedingungen 
gemäß § 14(a) zuzustimmen. 
 
Joint representative. The Noteholders 
may by majority resolution provide for 
the appointment or dismissal of a joint 
representative, the duties and responsi-
bilities and the powers of such joint rep-
resentative, the transfer of the rights of 
the Noteholders to the joint representa-
tive and a limitation of liability of the 
joint representative. Appointment of a 
joint representative may only be passed 
by a Qualified Majority if such joint rep-
resentative is to be authorised to con-
sent to a material change in the sub-
stance of the Terms and Conditions in 
accordance with § 14(a) hereof. 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Auf-
gaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm 
durch Gesetz oder von den Anleihegläu-
bigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluss ein-
geräumt wurden. Er hat die Weisungen 
der Anleihegläubiger zu befolgen. So-
weit er zur Geltendmachung von 
The joint representative shall have the 
duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolutions of the 
Noteholders. The joint representative 
shall comply with the instructions of the 
Noteholders. To the extent that the joint 
representative has been authorised to

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
Rechten der Anleihegläubiger ermäch-
tigt ist, sind die einzelnen Anleihegläu-
biger zur selbständigen Geltendma-
chung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei 
denn der Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies 
ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit 
hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den An-
leihegläubigern zu berichten. Für die 
Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte 
und Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertre-
ters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
assert certain rights of the Noteholders, 
the Noteholders shall not be entitled to 
assert such rights themselves, unless ex-
plicitly provided for in the relevant ma-
jority resolution. The joint representa-
tive shall provide reports to the Note-
holders on its activities. The regulations 
of the SchVG apply with regard to the 
recall and the other rights and obliga-
tions of the joint representative. 
 
Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertre-
ters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährli-
chen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei 
denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt 
Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur 
Last. 
Unless the joint representative is liable 
for wilful misconduct (Vorsatz) or gross 
negligence (grobe Fahrlässigkeit), the 
joint representative's liability shall be 
limited to ten times the amount of its 
annual remuneration. 
 
 
 
Bekanntmachungen. Bekanntmachun-
gen betreffend diesen § 14 erfolgen ge-
mäß den §§ 5ff. SchVG sowie nach § 12. 
 
Notices. Any notices concerning this 
§ 14 will be made in accordance with 
§§ 5 et seq. of the SchVG and § 12. 
 
 
 Garantie. Die oben aufgeführten auf die 
Änderung der Emissionsbedingungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen finden 
sinngemäß auf die Bestimmungen der 
Garantie gemäß § 10(a)(iv) Anwen-
dung. 
 Guarantee. The provisions set out above 
applicable to the amendment of the 
Terms and Conditions shall apply muta-
tis mutandis to the guarantee under 
§ 10(a)(iv). 
 
 
 Sprache 
 Language 
 
Falls die 
Anleihebe-
dingungen 
in deut-
scher Spra-
che mit ei-
ner Über-
setzung in 
die engli-
sche Spra-
che abge-
fasst sind, 
ist Folgen-
des an-
wendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deut-
scher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Überset-
zung in die englische Sprache ist beige-
fügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich. 
These Terms and Conditions are written 
in the German language and provided 
with an English language translation. 
The German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language transla-
tion is provided for convenience only. 
If the 
Terms 
and Con-
ditions 
shall be 
in the 
German 
language 
with an 
English 
language 
transla-
tion, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
These Terms and Conditions are written 
in the English language only. 
If the 
Terms 
and Con-
ditions 
shall be 
in the 
English 
language 
only, the

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
following 
applies:

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
In the case of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms will be displayed 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person sub-
sequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (distributor) should take into consideration the manu-
facturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. TAG Immobilien AG is not a man-
ufacturer or distributor for the purposes of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules.] 
[MIFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE 
GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für 
den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der 
Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden, je-
weils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, MiFID II), umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle 
für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen 
sind. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (Vertriebsunter-
nehmen) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunterneh-
men, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen. TAG Immo-
bilien AG ist kein Konzepteur oder ein Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der MiFID II Bestimmungen zu Produkt-
überwachungspflichten.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in re-
spect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterpar-
ties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as de-
fined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (With-
drawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (UK 
Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a dis-
tributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
appropriate distribution channels. TAG Immobilien AG is not a manufacturer or UK Distributor for the purposes 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules]1 
[UK MIFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND 
GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – aus-
schließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis ge-
führt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des 
FCA-Handbuchs Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS) und professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 600/2014, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK-MiFIR) Teil des nationalen Rechts 
ist, umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, ver-
kauft oder empfiehlt (UK-Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] 
berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA-Handbuch Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine 
eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die 
Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene 
Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen. TAG Immobilien AG ist kein Konzepteur oder ein UK-Vertriebsunternehmen für 
Zwecke der UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or other-
wise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a cus-
tomer within the meaning of Directive EU 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 
2016 (as amended, Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, Prospectus Regu-
lation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended 
or superseded, PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]3  
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM – Die Schuldverschreibun-
gen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Europäi-
schen Wirtschaftsraum (EWR) bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, nicht an diese ver-
kauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung 
bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist 
ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, 
MiFID II); (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie EU 2016/97 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates 
 
1 
The legend may not be necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore 
there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where 
either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included. 
2 
Die Legende ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, wenn die Dealer in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen ebenfalls nicht 
der UK MiFIR unterliegen und es daher keine UK MiFIR- Konzepteurs gibt. Je nach Sitz der Konzepteure, kann es Situatio-
nen geben, in denen entweder die MiFID II Product Governance Legende oder die UK MiFIR Product Governance Legende 
oder beide enthalten sind. 
3 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area" as 
"Not Applicable".

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
vom 20. Januar 2016 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie), soweit dieser Kunde 
nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter 
Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 
(in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, Prospektverordnung) . Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung, PRIIPs-Verordnung) erforderliches Basisinfor-
mationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügung-
stellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]4 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]5 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten König-
reich (GB) bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern in GB nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch 
nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff 
Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne 
von Artikel 2 Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (EUWA) Teil des nationalen Rechts ist; oder (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne der Bestimmungen des Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) und jeglicher Vorschriften oder Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA 
zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 erlassen wurden, wenn dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde 
im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie durch das EUWA Teil des 
nationalen Rechts ist, qualifiziert wäre; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 der Ver-
ordnung (EU) 2017/1129, wie sie durch das EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist. Entsprechend wurde kein nach 
der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014, wie sie aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (UK-PRIIPs-
Verordnung), erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurver-
fügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in GB erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der 
 
4 
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum" für "Nicht anwendbar" erklären.  
5 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom" as "Not 
Applicable". The assumption is that if there are potentially sales in the European Economic Area it is likely that there will 
also potentially be sales in the United Kingdom and vice versa such that the United Kingdom Prohibition and European 
Economic Area Prohibition would both be included unless turned off.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in GB nach der UK 
PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]6 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Secu-
rities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time 
(SFA) – The Notes are (i) prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and (ii) Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommen-
dations on Investment Products).] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Produkteinstufungsmitteilung gemäß Section 309B(1)(c) des Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) von Singapur, in der jeweils geänderten oder ergänzten Fassung 
(SFA) – Bei den Schuldverschreibungen handelt es sich (i) um prescribed capital markets products (wie in den 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 von Singapur definiert) und (ii) um Excluded 
Investment Products (wie in der MAS-Mitteilung SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products und der 
MAS-Bekanntmachung FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products definiert).] 
 
 
 
6 
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Kö-
nigreich" für "Nicht anwendbar" erklären. Es wird davon ausgegangen, dass, wenn es potenziell Verkäufe im Europäi-
schen Wirtschaftsraum gibt, es potenziell auch Verkäufe im Vereinigten Königreich gibt und umgekehrt, sodass sowohl 
das Verkaufsverbot im Vereinigten Königreich als auch das Verkaufsverbot im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum einzufügen 
wären, sofern sie nicht unangewendet bleiben.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
Dated [●] 
Datum [●] 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
 
TAG Immobilien AG 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 529900TAE68USJNXLR59 
 
Issue of 
Emission von 
[Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag der Tranche] 
[Title of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der Schuldverschreibungen] 
[to be consolidated and form a single series with the [insert original tranche(s)] issued on [date(s)] 
die mit der [ursprüngliche Tranche(n) einfügen], begeben am [Datum/Daten] konsolidiert werden und eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden] 
issued as 
begeben als 
Series 
[●] 
Tranche 
[●] 
Serie 
Tranche 
 
under the 
unter dem 
EUR 3,000,000,000 
DEBT ISSUANCE PROGRAMME 
of 
der 
TAG Immobilien AG 
 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. 
Begebungstag: 
[●] 
Emissionspreis: 
[●] %

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
Important Notice 
This document constitutes the final terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein (Final Terms). These 
Final Terms have been prepared for the purposes of Article 8 (2) of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the Euro-
pean Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are of-
fered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC and must 
be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 18 March 2022 [(, as supplemented by the supplement(s) 
dated [●],)] (Base Prospectus) which constitute(s) a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regula-
tion. The Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the web-
site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer (www.tag-
ag.com/en/investor-relations/creditor-relations) in the sub-section "Investor Relations". Full information on the 
Issuer and the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Pro-
spectus. 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Dieses Dokument stellt die endgültigen Bedingungen für die Emission der hierin beschriebenen Schuldverschrei-
bungen dar (Endgültige Bedingungen). Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 (4) 
der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 über den Pros-
pekt, der beim öffentlichen Angebot von Wertpapieren oder bei deren Zulassung zum Handel an einem geregel-
ten Markt zu veröffentlichen ist und zur Aufhebung der Richtlinie 2003/71/EG abgefasst und sind nur mit dem 
Basisprospekt vom 18. März 2022 [(ergänzt durch [den][die] [Nachtrag][Nachträge] vom [●])] (Basisprospekt), 
der einen Basisprospekt im Sinne der Prospektverordnung darstellt, gemeinsam zu lesen. Der Basisprospekt so-
wie etwaige Nachträge können in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite von der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.bourse.lu) und der Internetseite der Emittentin (www.tag-ag.com/en/investor-relations/creditor-relati-
ons) in der Unterkategorie "Investor Relations" eingesehen werden. Vollständige Informationen in Bezug auf die 
Emittentin und die Schuldverschreibungen sind nur in der Gesamtheit dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen und dem 
Basisprospekt enthalten.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
PART I – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[A. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by replicating 
the relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert:] 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (Conditions) [, and the English language translation 
thereof,] are as set out below. 
[In the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.] 
[In the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II in-
cluding relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.]] 
[B. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by referring 
to the relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, insert:] 
This Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Notes with [fixed] [floating] interest rates set forth in the Base Prospectus as [Option I] [Op-
tion II] (Terms and Conditions). Capitalised terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and 
Conditions. 
All references in this Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to para-
graphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Footnotes denote directions for completing the Final Terms. The blanks in the provisions 
of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be completed by 
the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such 
provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final Terms which 
are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the Terms and Conditions together with Part I of these 
Final Terms constitute the Conditions).] 
TEIL I – VERTRAGLICHE REGELUNGEN 
[A. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederho-
lung der betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließ-
lich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden Leerstel-
len vervollständigt werden, einfügen:] 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Anleihebedingungen (Bedingungen) [sowie deren eng-
lischsprachige Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervoll-
ständigen.]

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option 
II (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervoll-
ständigen.]] 
[B. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Verweisung 
auf die betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließ-
lich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen:] 
Dieser Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet, zu lesen, der als [Op-
tion I] [Option II] im Basisprospekt enthalten ist (Anleihebedingungen). Begriffe, die in den Anleihebe-
dingungen definiert sind, haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen ver-
wendet werden. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich 
auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
Anwendbare Bestimmungen sind einzufügen oder als "Nicht anwendbar" (N/A) zu kennzeichnen. Es ist 
zu beachten, dass die Reihenfolge der Nummerierung unverändert bleibt, auch wenn einzelne Ab-
schnitte oder Unterabschnitte als "nicht anwendbar" gekennzeichnet sind. Fußnoten kennzeichnen Er-
läuterungen für die Bearbeitung der Endgültigen Bedingungen. Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgül-
tigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestim-
mungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen, die 
sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt oder 
die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Anleihebedingun-
gen (die Anleihebedingungen zusammen mit diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind die Bedin-
gungen) gestrichen.]

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
[Note to draft: to be aligned with final T&Cs.] 
 
§ 1 Currency, Specified Denomination, Form 
 
§ 1 Währung, Festgelegte Stückelung, Form 
 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
Festgelegte Währung: 
[●] 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[●]7 
Gesamtnennbetrag: 
[●]8 
Specified Denomination: 
[●]9 
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
[●]10 
Clearing System(s) 
 
Clearingsystem(e) 
 
☐
Clearstream, Frankfurt 
 
☐
Clearstream, Luxembourg / Euroclear 
 
Global Note 
 
Globalurkunde 
 
☐ 
Classical Global Note or deposited with Clear-
stream, Frankfurt 
 
 
Classical Global Note oder Verwahrung durch Clear-
stream, Frankfurt 
 
☐
New Global Note 
 
 
New Global Note 
 
§ 3 
Interest 
 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
 
 
7  Insert currency and amount of the Tranche.  
8  Währung und Betrag der Tranche einfügen.  
9  The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 100,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an 
amount in such other currency at least equivalent to EUR 100,000 at the time of the issue of Notes.  
10  Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt in EUR 100.000 oder, soweit in einer anderen Währung als 
Euro begeben, den Betrag in dieser Währung, der zum Zeitpunkt der Ausgabe der Schuldverschreibungen mindestens EUR 
100.000 entspricht.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
☐
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
 
 
Festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen
(Option I) 
 
 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
Zinssatz:  
[●] % per annum 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[●] 
 
☐Initial Broken Interest Amount per Specified 
Denomination: 
[●] 
 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Festgelegter 
Stückelung: 
[●] 
 
☐Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity 
Date: 
[●] 
 
Dem Endfälligkeitstag vorausgehender Zinszah-
lungstag: 
[●] 
 
☐Final Broken Interest Amount per Specified 
Denomination: 
[●] 
 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Festgelegter 
Stückelung: 
[●] 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
☐Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
 
Determination Date(s): 
[●]11 
 
11  Only to be completed for an issue of Fixed Rate Notes where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA). Insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
 
Feststellungstermin(e): 
[●]12 
 
☐Actual/Actual – ISDA 
 
 
☐Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
☐Actual/360 
 
 
☐30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
 
 
☐30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
 
☐
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
 
 
Variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(Option II) 
 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
 
☐Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
☐Specified Interest Period(s): 
[[specify number] [weeks / months]] 
 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n): 
[[Zahl einfügen] [Wochen / Monate]] 
 
Business Day 
 
 
Geschäftstag 
 
 
☐TARGET 
 
 
☐Relevant financial centre(s): 
[●] 
 
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum / zentren: 
[●] 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
Zinssatz 
 
 
12  Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, deren Zinstagequotient Actual/Ac-
tual (ICMA) ist. Reguläre Zinszahlungstage mit Ausnahme des Begebungstags und des Fälligkeitstags im Falle von kurzen 
oder langen ersten oder letzten Zinsperioden einfügen.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
 
☐Margin: 
[●] percent. 
 
Marge: 
[●] % 
 
☐plus 
 
 
zuzüglich 
 
 
☐minus 
 
 
abzüglich 
 
 
Original Benchmark Rate 
 
 
Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz 
 
 
Period: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-month-EURIBOR 
 
Zeitraum: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-Monats-EURIBOR 
 
☐Interpolation: 
[first][last] Interest Period 
 
Interpolation: 
[erste][letzte] Zinsperiode 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
☐Actual/Actual – ISDA 
 
 
☐Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
☐Actual/360 
 
 
☐30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
 
 
☐30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
 
☐
Adjustment of rate of interest 
 
 
Anpassung des Zinssatzes 
 
§ 4 
Redemption 
 
§ 4 
Rückzahlung 
 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
Endfälligkeitstag: 
[●]

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer at the Make-
Whole Redemption Amount:13 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum 
Make-Whole Rückzahlungsbetrag:14 
[Ja][Nein] 
Present Value: 
Benchmark Yield plus [●] % 
Abgezinster Marktwert: 
Benchmark Rendite zuzüglich [●] % 
 
Benchmark Yield: 
[Euro denominated benchmark debt security of 
the Federal Republic of Germany] [other relevant 
benchmark] specifying the following details: ISIN 
or other securities code, as observed at around 
noon [(Frankfurt time)] [other relevant time] on 
such date on Bloomberg page [ISIN] Govt HP (us-
ing the setting "Last Yield to Convention" and us-
ing the pricing source ["FRNK"] [other source as 
relevant]), or as derived or published by such 
other source as determined by the Calculation 
Agent] 
 
Benchmark Rendite: 
[Euro-Referenz-Anleihe 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland] [andere Referenzanleihe] unter An-
gabe folgender Einzelheiten: ISIN oder andere 
Wertpapierkennung, wie gegen 12:00 Uhr mittags 
[(Frankfurter Zeit)] [andere relevante Zeitzone] an 
diesem Tag auf der Bloomberg Seite [ISIN] Govt 
HP (unter Nutzung der Einstellung "Last Yield to 
Convention" und der Preisquelle ["FRNK"] [andere 
relevante Preisquelle]) abgelesen, oder wie von ei-
ner anderen, durch die Berechnungsstelle festge-
legten, Quelle hergeleitet oder veröffentlicht] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin: 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
Call Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Call-Rückzahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag / beträge: 
[●] 
 
13  Only applicable in case of Fixed Rate Notes. 
14  Nur im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer during a call 
redemption period:15 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin wäh-
rend einer Call-Rückzahlungsperiode:16 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
Call Redemption Period(s): 
[●] 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsperiode: 
[●] 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag / beträge: 
[●] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer upon occur-
rence of a transaction related event: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin nach 
Eintritt eines transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses: 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag: 
[●] 
 
Transaction Notice Period: 
[Not applicable] [●] to [●] 
 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [●] bis [●] 
 
Transaction: 
[Insert description of transaction] 
 
Transaktion: 
[Beschreibung der Transaktion einfügen] 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer for minimal 
outstanding principal amount: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin wegen 
eines geringen ausstehenden Nennbetrags: 
[Ja][Nein] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Noteholder: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Anleihegläubiger: 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
Put Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Put-Rückzahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
Put Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
15  Only applicable in case of Fixed Rate Notes.  
16  Nur im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
 
Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag / beträge: 
[●] 
Early Redemption as a result of a Change of Control: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung im Falle eines Kontrollwechsels: 
[Ja][Nein] 
§ 9 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent [, Calculation Agent] 
§ 9 
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle [, Berechnungsstelle] 
☐
Calculation Agent: 
[insert name and address] 
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[Angabe von Name und Adresse] 
☐
Make-Whole Calculation Agent17 
 
 
Make-Whole Berechnungsstelle18 
 
[§ 12 Notices 
§ 12 
Mitteilungen 
☐
Listing on Luxembourg Stock Exchange  
 
 
Listing an der Luxemburger Börse 
 
☐ 
Listing on exchange other than Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/No listing 
[stock exchange other than  the Luxembourg   
Stock Exchange][in][/][under][●][newspaper or 
website] 
 
Notierung an einer anderen Börse als die Luxembur-
ger Börse/Keine Notierung 
[andere 
Börse 
als 
die 
Luxemburger 
Börse][in][/][unter][●][Zeitung 
oder 
Internet-
seite]] 
§ 16 
Language19 
§ 16 
Sprache20 
☐
German and English, German binding 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch, Deutsch bindend 
 
☐
English only 
 
 
Nur Englisch 
 
 
17  Only applicable in case of Fixed Rate Notes which provide for early redemption of the Notes at the option of the Issuer 
at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount 
18  Nur im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar falls die Emittentin das Recht hat die Schuldver-
schreibungen nach eigener Wahl zum Make-Whole Betrag vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen 
19  To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. 
20  In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION 
TEIL II – ANDERE INFORMATIONEN 
Listing and admission to trading 
Börsennotierung und Zulassung zum Handel 
☐ 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Ex-
change  
 
 
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Börse 
 
☐
Other market:21 
[give details] 
 
Anderer Markt:22 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Date of admission: 
[insert date] 
 
Datum der Zulassung: 
[Angabe des Datums] 
 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admis-
sion to trading: 
[give details] 
 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum 
Handel: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
☐
Not admitted to trading 
 
 
Nicht zum Handel zugelassen 
 
Rating of the Notes 
Rating der Schuldverschreibungen 
☐ 
The Notes to be issued have been rated as fol-
lows23 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden wie folgt gera-
tet24 
 
 
☐[Moody's: 
[●] 
 
☐S&P: 
[●] 
 
☐Fitch:] 
[●] 
 
21  NB: a listing of the Notes on an EU-regulated market which is located outside Luxembourg will require the prior notifica-
tion of the approval certificate of the base prospectus to the relevant competent authority of the host member state. 
22  NB: eine Zulassung der Schuldverschreibungen an einem EU-regulierten Markt außerhalb Luxemburgs erfordert die vor-
herige Notifizierung der Billigungsbescheinigung des Basisprospekts an die jeweilige zuständige Behörde im Aufnah-
memitgliedsstaat. 
23  Include brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has previously been published by the rating provider. 
24  Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings aufnehmen, sofern zuvor von der Ratingagentur veröffentlicht.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
 
☐[Other]:25 
[●] 
☐
The Notes have not been rated. 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden nicht geratet. 
 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
Interessen von natürlichen oder juristischen Personen, die bei der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
☐ 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer.] 
 
[Soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist, hat keine Person, die bei dem Angebot der Schuldverschreibungen be-
teiligt ist, Interessen, die für das Angebot von wesentlicher Bedeutung sind.]  
☐
Other interest (specify): 
[specify details] 
 
Andere Interessen (angeben): 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Use of Proceeds, Net Proceeds and Yield 
Verwendung der Erlöse, Nettoerlöse und Rendite 
Use of proceeds:26 
[The net proceeds from this issuance of Notes will be 
used for general corporate and financing purposes of 
the Group.] / [The Issuer intends to use the net pro-
ceeds from this issuance of Notes for Eligible Sustaina-
ble Projects in line with the Sustainable Finance Frame-
work established by the Group.] / [●] 
[specify details] 
Verwendung der Emissionserlöse:27 
[Der Nettoerlös aus dieser Emission von Schuldverschrei-
bungen wird für allgemeine Unternehmens- und Finan-
zierungszwecke der Gruppe eingesetzt.] / [Die Emitten-
tin beabsichtigt den Nettoerlös aus dieser Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen für Geeignete Nachhaltige Pro-
jekte gemäß dem "Sustainable Finance Framework" der 
Gruppe zu verwenden.] / [●] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
25  Indicate whether the rating agency is established in the European Community or in the United Kingdom and is registered 
under the CRA Regulation.  
 
Angabe, ob die Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft oder in dem Vereinigten Königreich hat und 
gemäß der CRA-Verordnung registriert ist.  
26  See paragraph "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from general financing 
purposes of the Group include those reasons here.  
27  Siehe Abschnitt "Use of Proceeds" im Basisprospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allgemeinen Finanzie-
rungszwecken der Gruppe bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag des Emissionserlöses: 
[●] 
Yield:28 
[●] / [Not applicable] 
Rendite:29 
[●] / [Nicht anwendbar] 
Placing and Underwriting 
Platzierung und Übernahme 
Method of Distribution 
[syndicate][non-syndicated] 
Vertriebsmethode 
[syndiziert][nicht-syndiziert] 
Details with regard to the Manager[s] [Including the Type of Commitment] 
Einzelheiten bezüglich [des Managers] [der Manager] [einschließlich der Art der Übernahmeverpflichtung] 
Manager[s] 
[specify name(s) and address(es) of Manager(s) and 
whether they subscribe on a firm commitment basis or 
with-out a firm commitment] 
Manager 
[Namen und Adresse(n) des Managers bzw. der Mana-
ger angeben und ob sie mit fester Übernahmeverpflich-
tung oder ohne feste Übernahmeverpflichtung zeich-
nen] 
Registration of the Administrator pursuant to the Benchmarks Regulation30 
Registrierung des Administrators gemäß der Benchmark-Verordnung31 
Benchmark 
EURIBOR 
Benchmark 
EURIBOR 
Benchmark Administrator 
[European Money Markets Institute (EMMI)] [specify 
details] 
Administrator der Benchmark 
[European Money Markets Institute (EMMI)] [Angabe 
von Einzelheiten] 
Registration of the Benchmark Administrator in the reg-
ister of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Au-
thority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
28  Not required in case of Floating Rate Notes. 
29  Nicht erforderlich im Fall von variabel verzinsten Schuldverschreibungen.  
30  Insert only in the case of Floating Rate Notes. 
31  Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
 
Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks 
in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds and 
amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (Benchmarks Regulation) 
Eintragung des Benchmark-Administrators in das von 
der Europäischen Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbe-
hörde (ESMA) gemäß Artikel 36 der Verordnung (EU) 
2016/1011 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates 
vom 8. Juni 2016 über Indizes, die bei Finanzinstrumen-
ten und Finanzkontrakten als Referenzwert oder zur 
Messung der Wertentwicklung eines Investmentfonds 
verwendet werden, und zur Änderung der Richtlinien 
2008/48/EG und 2014/17/EU sowie der Verordnung 
(EU) Nr. 596/2014 (Benchmark-Verordnung) erstellte 
und geführte Register der Administratoren 
[Zutreffend] [Nicht zutreffend] 
Selling Restrictions and Stabilisation 
Verkaufsbeschränkungen und Stabilisierung 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European 
Economic Area:32 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirt-
schaftsraum:33 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United 
Kingdom:34 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten König-
reich:35 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[None][give name] 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[Keiner][Angabe des Namens] 
Security Codes and Eurosystem eligibility 
 
 
32  If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document ("KID") will be prepared in the European Economic Area, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.  
33  Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen sind "verpackte" 
Produkte und es wird ein Basisinformationsblatt ("KID") im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum erstellt, so sollte "Nicht an-
wendbar" ausgewählt werden. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorberei-
tet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
34  If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the United Kingdom, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified. 
35  Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen sind "verpackte" 
Produkte und es wird ein KID im Vereinigten Königreich erstellt, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. Wenn 
die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
 
Wertpapierkennung and EZB-Fähigkeit 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
WKN: 
[●] 
[CFI:] 
[●] 
[FISN:] 
[●] 
[Any other security number:] 
[●] 
[Sonstige Wertpapierkennung:] 
[●] 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
New Global Note: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eu-
rosystem eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] [Not applicable in the case of a Classical 
Global Note] 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden: 
[Ja] [Nein] [Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Classical Glo-
bal Note] 
 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper, and does not nec-
essarily mean that the Notes will be recognized as eligi-
ble collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon is-
sue or at any or all times during their life. Such recogni-
tion will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eu-
rosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]36 
 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier lediglich be-
deutet, dass die Wertpapiere nach ihrer Begebung bei 
einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamen Verwahrer verwahrt 
werden und es bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass 
die Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im 
Sinne der Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der tag-
gleichen Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) des 
Eurosystems entweder nach Begebung oder zu irgendei-
nem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Existenz anerkannt wer-
den. Eine solche Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB 
abhängen, dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt 
werden.]37 
 
36  Include explanation in the case of an NGN deposited with one of the ICSDs. 
37  Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes 
are capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper). Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem mone-
tary policy and intraday credit operations by the Eu-
rosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosys-
tem eligibility criteria have been met.]38 
 
 
[Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen mit "Nein" festgelegt wurde, können sich 
die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die Zukunft derart 
ändern, dass die Schuldverschreibungen fähig sein wer-
den diese einzuhalten. Die Schuldverschreibungen kön-
nen dann bei einer der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwah-
rer hinterlegt (und auf den Namen eines Nominees von 
einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwahrer eingetra-
gen) werden. Es ist zu beachten, dass die Schuldver-
schreibungen selbst dann nicht notwendigerweise als 
geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des 
Eurosystems und der taggleichen Überziehungen (intra-
day credit operations) des Eurosystems zu irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. 
Eine solche Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB abhän-
gen, dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt wer-
den.]39 
 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main and that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral by the Eurosystem ei-
ther upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.]40 
 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier lediglich be-
deutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Bege-
bung von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
verwahrt werden und dass die Schuldverschreibungen 
bei ihrer Begebung, zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während 
 
38  Include explanation in the case of an NGN not deposited with one of the ICSDs. 
39  Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer nicht durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN. 
40  Include explanation in the case of Notes deposited with Clearstream, Frankfurt.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
 
ihrer Laufzeit oder während ihrer gesamten Laufzeit 
nicht notwendigerweise als EZB-fähige Sicherheiten an-
erkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt davon 
ab, ob die Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems erfüllt 
sind.]41 
Authorisation 
The issue of this Series of Notes was authorised by a resolufion of [●] of [●] passed on [●]. 
Genehmigung 
Die Emission dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen wurde durch einen Beschluss des [●] der [●] vom [●] geneh-
migt. 
[Third Party Information 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer 
confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced informafion inaccurate or misleading. The following sources were used [●].] 
[Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt Folgen-
des: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und, soweit es 
der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen ableiten 
konnte, keine Fakten weggelassen wurden, deren Fehlen die reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder 
irreführend gestalten würden. Folgende Quellen wurden verwendet [●].] 
Signed on behalf of 
TAG Immobilien AG 
 
By: 
 _______________________________________  
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
 
41  Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer Verwahrung der Schuldverschreibungen durch Clearstream, Frankfurt.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds from the issuance of Notes under the 
Programme will be used for general corporate and financing purposes of the Group. These general corporate and 
financial purposes may include, among other things, the refinancing of existing indebtedness, acquisitions, and 
general working capital requirements. 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the proceeds of any Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme may be 
used to finance and/or refinance specified Eligible Sustainable Projects in accordance with certain prescribed eligi-
bility criteria set out in the Sustainable Finance Framework. Additional information on the Sustainable Finance 
Framework is available on the website of TAG (www.tag-ag.com/en/investor-relations/creditor-relations). For the 
avoidance of doubt, neither the Sustainable Finance Framework nor the content of the website or any Sustainabil-
ity Evaluation are incorporated by reference into or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
 
TAXATION WARNING 
The tax legislation of the state of residence of a prospective purchaser of Notes and the Issuer's country of incor-
poration may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF THE NOTES.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
SUBSCRIPTION 
The Notes may be issued on a continuous basis to one or more of the Dealers and any additional Dealer ap-
pointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue 
or on an ongoing basis. Notes may be distributed by way of public offer or private placements and, in each case, 
on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche of Notes will be stated in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to one or more of the Dealers. The arrangements under 
which the Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, the Dealers are 
set out in a dealer agreement dated on or about the date of the Base Prospectus (Dealer Agreement) and made 
between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will include provision for the form and terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the com-
missions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The 
Dealer Agreement provides for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. A subscription agreement (Subscription Agreement) prepared in connection with a 
particular Tranche of Notes will typically be dated on or about the respective date of the Final Terms applicable 
to such Tranche of Notes. 
METHOD FOR DETERMINING THE ISSUE PRICE AND THE PROCESS FOR ITS DISCLOSURE 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms or any related offering material and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by 
it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any 
other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefore. 
With regard to each Tranche of Notes, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities 
Act), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S).

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regu-
lations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act 
and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered 
and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 
days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date for such Notes, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has agreed that neither it, its affiliates (as defined in Rule 501 under the Securities Act), nor any 
persons acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts (as defined in 
Regulation S) with respect to the Notes, and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering re-
strictions requirement of Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. 
European Economic Area 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a)  
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i)  
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;  
(ii)  
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b)  
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient infor-
mation on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)  
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)  
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii)  
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
as amended or superseded (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to im-
plement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional cli-
ent, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
UK law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b)  
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient infor-
mation on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has furthermore represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in 
which Section 21 (1) FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that the Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Mone-
tary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes may not be circulated or distrib-
uted, nor may the Notes be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than: (i) to an institutional investor (as defined

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
 
in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time) (SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accord-
ance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole busi-
ness of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or  
(b)  
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that cor-
poration or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:  
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer re-
ferred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has undertaken, unless it is not intended to issue Notes under the Programme for the time being, 
that if at any time during the duration of the Programme, if there is a significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment 
of any investment in the Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the 
purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Group and the rights attaching to the Notes, to prepare or 
procure the preparation of a supplement to this Base Prospectus or, as the case may be, publish a replacement 
prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of Notes. 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Pro-
spectus. 
If the Terms and Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus) are modified or amended in a manner which 
would make the Base Prospectus, supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new prospectus will be prepared 
to the extent required by law. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be borrowers from or creditors of the Issuer and their affiliates. 
In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment bank-
ing and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and their affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. 
Moreover, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer' affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase 
of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may 
hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Interests of persons involved in a specific issue of Notes under the Programme, if any, will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
AUTHORISATION 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Management Board and Supervisory 
Board of the Issuer on 15 March 2022.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
 
The dates of the respective resolutions by the governing bodies of the Issuer regarding the issuance of a Series 
of Notes are set out in each Final Terms. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) for the Notes issued 
under this Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed on other or further stock exchanges, as may be agreed be-
tween the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue. Notes may further be issued under the 
Programme which will not be listed on any stock exchange. 
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main (Mergenthal-
erallee 61, 65760 Eschborn) (CBF), Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxem-
bourg, Luxembourg) (CBL), and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium) (Eu-
roclear). The appropriate German securities number (WKN) (if any), Common Code and ISIN for each Series of 
Notes allocated by CBF, CBL and Euroclear will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to be 
cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If Notes will be issued in the new global note structure this will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available free of charge during normal business hours from the registered office of the Issuer 
and from the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent:  
(i) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
a copy of the Base Prospectus; 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated herein by reference;  
(iv) 
a copy of any supplements to the Base Prospectus; and 
(v) 
the Sustainable Finance Framework. 
Electronic versions of the constitutional documents of the Issuer are also available on the website of the Issuer 
(www.tag-ag.com). The Sustainable Finance Framework can be accessed on the website of the Issuer (www.tag-
ag.com/en/investor-relations/creditor-relations). For the avoidance of doubt, neither of these documents are 
incorporated by reference into or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will 
be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). The documents incorporated 
by reference into the Base Prospectus can be accessed by using the hyperlinks set out in the section 
"DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE" below.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will also be published on the website of the 
Issuer (www.tag-ag.com/en/investor-relations/creditor-relations). 
In the case of Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms will be displayed 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In the case of Notes listed on any other 
stock exchange, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Issuer (www.tag-ag.com/en/investor-
relations/creditor-relations). 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION: 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer 
confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified 
any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof.  
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
The Issuer prepares annual and interim period reports in conformity with IFRS as adopted by the EU since 2017. 
The annual reports contain financial statements examined and reported upon, with opinions expressed by, 
KPMG as independent auditors. The Issuer publishes the consolidated annual financial statements, according to 
IFRS as adopted by the EU on its website and through the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger), in accordance with 
German laws. The annual reports to the Issuer's shareholders are posted on the Issuer's web site at 'www.tag-
ag.com/en/investor-relations/financial-statements/annual-reports' and the quarterly reports on 'www.tag-
ag.com/en/investor-relations/financial-statements/quarterly-reports'. Except for the financial statements listed 
under "DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE", the Issuer in furnishing its web site address in the Base 
Prospectus does not intend to incorporate any information on its web site into the Base Prospectus, and you 
should not consider any information on the Issuer's web site to be part of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The specified pages of the following documents which have previously been published or are published simul-
taneously with the Base Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF are incorporated by reference into 
and form part of the Base Prospectus. The page numbers set out below refer to the page numbers in the form 
of a pdf document available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu): 
The "Annual Report 2021" of the Issuer, containing the English language translation of the respective German 
language audited consolidated financial statements (IFRS) of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal year ended 
31 December 2021 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
pages 96 to 97 
Consolidated Income Statement 
page 98 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
page 99 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
pages 100 to 101 
Statement of Changes in consolidated equity 
pages 102 to 103 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 104 to 162 
Independent Auditor's Report(1) 
pages 163 to 171 
(1) The auditor's report, prepared in accordance with Section 322 HGB, refers to the complete consolidated financial state-
ments, comprising the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2021, the consolidated income statement, the 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the statement of changes in consolidated equity and the consolidated 
cash flow statement for the financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2021, and notes to the consolidated financial 
statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, together with the group management report of TAG 
Immobilien AG for the financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2021. The group management report is not included 
in this Base Prospectus. The above-mentioned auditor's report and consolidated financial statements are both transla-
tions of the respective German-language documents. 
The "Annual Report 2020" of the Issuer, containing the English language translation of the respective German 
language audited consolidated financial statements (IFRS) of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal year ended 
31 December 2020  
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
pages 84 to 85 
Consolidated Income Statement 
page 86 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
page 87 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
pages 88 to 89 
Statement of Changes in consolidated equity 
pages 90 to 91 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 92 to 149 
Independent Auditor's Report(1) 
pages 150 to 158 
(1) The auditor's report, prepared in accordance with Section 322 HGB, refers to the complete consolidated financial state-
ments, comprising the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2020 and the consolidated income statement, the 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the statement of changes in consolidated equity and the consolidated 
cash flow statement for the financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2020 and notes to the consolidated financial 
statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, together with the group management report of TAG 
Immobilien AG for the financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2020. The group management report is not included 
in this Base Prospectus. The above-mentioned auditor's report and consolidated financial statements are both transla-
tions of the respective German-language documents.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
 
The non-incorporated parts of such documents, i.e. the pages not listed in the tables above, are either not rele-
vant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
Any statement contained in the Base Prospectus or in a document that is incorporated by reference herein will 
be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of the Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained herein or in any other subsequently filed document that also is incorporated by reference herein 
modifies or supersedes such statement. The modifying or superseding statement need not state that it has mod-
ified or superseded a prior statement or include any other information set forth in the document that it modifies 
or supersedes. The making of a modifying or superseding statement will not be deemed an admission for any 
purposes that the modified or superseded statement, when made, constituted a misrepresentation, an untrue 
statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact that is required to be stated or that is neces-
sary to make a statement not misleading in light of the circumstances in which it was made. Any such statement 
so modified or superseded will not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of the 
Base Prospectus.  
Availability of documents incorporated by reference 
Any document incorporated herein by reference are available free of charge and may be inspected during usual 
business hours on any working day from the date hereof for the whole life of the Base Prospectus at the offices 
of the Issuer as set out at the end of the Base Prospectus and will be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from 
the registered office of the Issuer and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Electronic versions of the documents incorporated by reference are also available on the website of the Luxem-
bourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and can be accessed by using the following hyperlinks: 
1. 
The "Annual Report 2021" of the Issuer, containing the English language translation of the respective 
German language audited consolidated financial statements (IFRS) of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal 
year ended 31 December 2021 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10ac1b9ecd96c34c7dbafc7c993537210d 
2. 
The "Annual Report 2020" of the Issuer, containing the English language translation of the respective 
German language audited consolidated financial statements (IFRS) of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal 
year ended 31 December 2020 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10209029b97fb34cc5ba8878af8ed2c245

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
THE ISSUER 
TAG Immobilien AG 
Steckelhörn 5 
20457 Hamburg 
Germany 
 
ARRANGER 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
FISCAL AND PAYING AGENT 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
DEALERS  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer  
Noerr Partnerschaftsgesellschaft mbB 
Börsenstraße 1 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
To the Dealers  
Allen & Overy LLP 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
 
AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER 
KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Fuhlentwiete 5 
20355 Hamburg 
Germany