--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 29 August 2024 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Art. 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") relating to issues of non-equity securities within the meaning of Art. 2(c) of 
the Prospectus Regulation under the Programme (as defined below) by Talanx Aktiengesellschaft. 
Talanx Aktiengesellschaft 
(incorporated in Germany as a stock corporation) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
Under this base prospectus (together with any documents incorporated by reference herein, the "Base Prospectus"), Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft (the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may, from time 
to time, issue bearer notes in a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 per Note (together the "Notes"). The aggregate 
principal amount of Notes issued under the Debt Issuance Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the 
"Programme") outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
The principal amount of the Notes, the issue currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, the issue prices and 
maturities of the Notes and all other terms and conditions which are applicable to a particular Tranche of Notes (each term 
as defined below, see "General description of the Programme") will be set out in the document containing the final terms 
(each "Final Terms") within the meaning of Art. 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation and gives no undertakings as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction or the quality or 
solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law relating to prospectuses for securities 
(Loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129) dated 16 July 
2019 (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or 
of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg". The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). 
However, Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange or may be unlisted as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any information contained in this Base Prospectus which is particular to unlisted Notes has not been scrutinized or approved 
by the CSSF. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form together with all 
documents incorporated by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the 
website of the Issuer (www.talanx.com). This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months after its approval. The 
validity ends upon expiration of 29 August 2025. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the Notes in any jurisdiction 
where such offer or solicitation is unlawful. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act") and subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the Notes and the extent of their 
exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the Notes as an investment in light of their own circumstances and 
financial condition. Investing in the Notes involves certain risks. Please review the section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning 
on page 9 of this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger and Dealer 
NatWest Markets

--- Page 2 ---
2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Talanx Aktiengesellschaft ("Talanx AG" or the "Issuer", together with its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole (the 
"Talanx Group" or the "Group"), and together with its consolidated subsidiaries and special purpose entities as well as special 
funds and associated companies, "Talanx") with its registered office in Hannover, Germany accepts responsibility for the 
information contained in and incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and for the information which will be 
contained in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge the information contained in this Base Prospectus for which it is 
responsible is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms makes no omission 
likely to affect the import of such information. 
NOTICE
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any other documents 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). Full information on the Issuer and any 
Tranche of Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of the Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the 
relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in this Base 
Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer (as defined in "General Description of the 
Programme"). 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer have independently verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
supplement thereto, or any Final Terms or any other document incorporated herein by reference, or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or the Notes or their distribution. No Dealer accepts any liability in 
relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any information provided by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme or the Notes. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition 
or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to 
their attention. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create 
any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the relevant Final Terms and the offering or sale of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required 
by the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes will be issued in 
bearer form and are subject to certain U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person. The term "U.S. person" has the 
meaning ascribed to it in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") and the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (the "Code") and regulations thereunder. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-
U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S and may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. person. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription 
and Sale – Selling Restrictions". 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or 
solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe 
for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any Dealer that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or

--- Page 3 ---
3 
any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of 
the Issuer. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
The language of the Base Prospectus except for the form of terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") 
is English. The binding language of the terms and conditions of each Series of Notes will be specified in the respective Final 
Terms. 
Some figures (including percentages) in the Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The information on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinized or approved by the CSSF unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
GREEN BONDS 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Notes may provide that an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the 
issuance of such Series of Notes will be used to finance or re-finance, in whole or in part, assets, investments and/or 
expenditures, including equity investments in projects, project finance and loans ("Eligible Green Projects") which promote 
climate, social and other environmental purposes. Talanx Group1 has established a framework for such issuances (the "Talanx 
Green Bond Framework") which further specifies the eligibility criteria for such Eligible Green Projects based on the 
recommendations included in the voluntary process guidelines for issuing green, social and sustainability bonds published by 
the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (the "ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021"). Such Notes are referred 
to as "Green Bonds". 
For a summary of the Talanx Green Bond Framework please refer to the section "Talanx Green Bond Framework" in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Notes issued under the Programme will not qualify as "European Green Bonds". Any Series of Notes issued under this 
Programme and referred to as a Green Bond will only comply with the criteria and processes set out in the Talanx Green Bond 
Framework. 
A second party opinion dated 4 October 2021 (the "Sustainalytics Opinion") on the alignment of the Talanx Green Bond 
Framework with the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021 has been provided by Sustainalytics and is available on the website 
of the Issuer. 
Neither the Talanx Green Bond Framework nor the Sustainalytics Opinion is incorporated into or forms part of this Base 
Prospectus. None of the Arranger, the Dealers, any of their respective affiliates or any other person mentioned in the Base 
Prospectus makes any representation as to the suitability of such Notes to fulfil environmental, social and/or sustainability 
criteria required by any prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any 
assessment of the Talanx Green Bond Framework or the Eligible Green Projects, any verification of whether any Eligible 
Green Project meets the criteria set out in the Talanx Green Bond Framework or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is 
a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
1 
In the context of the Talanx Green Bond Framework, the term "Talanx Group", the "Group" or "Talanx Group" does not include Hannover Re SE and its 
subsidiaries.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules.
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Where such a Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors is included in the Final Terms, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Where such a Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors is included in the Final Terms, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE 
(THE "SFA") 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall 
be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN (ONTARIO) INVESTORS 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, 
as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and 
that are also permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing 
Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of 
Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if an offering memorandum (as defined in applicable 
securities legislation) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the 
purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser

--- Page 5 ---
5 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal advisor. In relation to offers of Notes in the provinces of Alberta, British Columbia or 
Ontario only, the Dealer and any further Dealers appointed under the Programme, are not required to comply with the 
disclosure requirements of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in 
connection with an offering of Notes. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION / STATEMENT IN RELATION TO ADMINISTRATOR'S REGISTRATION 
Interest amounts payable under floating rate notes or fixed-to-floating rate notes issued under this Programme are calculated 
by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute 
(EMMI). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as stabilisation 
manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf of a stabilisation manager) may over-allot Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but 
it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
stabilisation manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any stabilisation manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws 
and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that does not 
relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet 
determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as 
"anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms 
and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Base Prospectus containing 
information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding the Group's business and management, its growth 
and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer makes to 
the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which 
could cause actual results, including the Group's financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be 
worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. The 
Group's business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate 
or prediction in this Base Prospectus to become inaccurate. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and 
unknown risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the 
future. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Investors should not place undue reliance on 
these forward-looking statements. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the following sections of this Base 
Prospectus: "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer and the Group". These sections include more detailed descriptions 
of factors that might have an impact on the Group's business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Base Prospectus may not occur. In addition, 
neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-looking statement 
or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 9 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND TALANX GROUP ................................................ 9 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES ........................................................................................ 25 
ISSUE PROCEDURES ...................................................................................................................................... 35 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................. 37 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply to unsubordinated Fixed Rate Notes ................................... 39 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply to Euro denominated unsubordinated Floating Rate Notes65 
OPTION III – Terms and Conditions that apply to Euro denominated subordinated Fixed to  
Floating Rate Notes ...................................................................................................................................... 97 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................. 146 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP ............................................................................... 164 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................... 181 
TALANX GREEN BOND FRAMEWORK ................................................................................................... 182 
TAXATION WARNING ................................................................................................................................. 185 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ......................................................................................................................... 186 
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................................... 190 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................ 192

--- Page 7 ---
7 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
General 
Under the Programme, Talanx Aktiengesellschaft, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") to one or more of the following Dealers: NatWest Markets N.V. and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis (together, the "Dealers"). 
NatWest Markets N.V. acts as arranger in respect of the Programme (the "Arranger"). 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. acts as listing agent (the "Listing Agent"). 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft acts as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent") and paying agent (the "Paying Agent"). 
The aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed 
EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) (the "Programme Amount"). The Issuer may increase the 
Programme Amount in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined herein) from time to time. 
Base Prospectus 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms; or 
(2) in relation to Notes not admitted to trading on a regulated market of, any member state of the European Economic Area, in 
such form as agreed between the Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s) and, if relevant for the Fiscal Agent, the Fiscal Agent. 
Issues of Notes 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. 
The Notes issued under this Base Prospectus may be issued as unsubordinated fixed rate notes (the "Fixed Rate Notes"), 
unsubordinated floating rate notes (the "Floating Rate Notes") or subordinated Notes with fixed-to-floating interest rates (the 
"Subordinated Notes"). 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all 
other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with the relevant Terms and Conditions and, save 
in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest (if any) and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical 
to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final terms. 
Notes of any Tranche may be issued at a price (the "Issue Price") equal to their principal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their principal amount. The Issue Price for the Notes of any Tranche issued on a syndicated basis will be determined at the 
time of pricing on the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received 
by the Dealers during the placement of such Notes. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or 
above such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine the Issue Price. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 100,000, and, if in 
any currency other than euro, an amount in such other currency at least equivalent to EUR 100,000 at the time of the issue of 
Notes. Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be 
issued in euro or any other currency. 
Notes will be issued with such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by any laws, regulations and directives 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant currency. However, Notes will be issued with a minimum maturity of twelve months. 
The principal amount of the Notes, the currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, if any, the Issue Price and 
maturities of the Notes which are applicable to a particular Tranche will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The yield for Fixed Rate Notes will be calculated by the use of the ICMA method, which determines the effective interest rate 
of notes taking into account accrued interest (if any) on a daily basis. 
The Notes will be freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant Clearing System.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Form of Notes 
The relevant Final Terms may provide that (i) the Notes will be issued in accordance with U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163–5 
(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D-Rules"); or (ii) the Notes will be issued in accordance with U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163–5 (c)(2)(i)(C) 
(the "TEFRA C-Rules"). 
Series of Notes with respect to which the TEFRA C-Rules (as further described under the heading "Subscription and Sale - 
Selling Restrictions – United States of America") apply will be represented by a permanent global note (each a "Permanent 
Global Note"). 
Series of Notes with respect to which the TEFRA D-Rules (as further described under the heading "Subscription and Sale - 
Selling Restrictions – United States of America") apply will initially be represented by a temporary global note (each a 
"Temporary Global Note"). The Temporary Global Note will be exchanged for a Permanent Global Note not earlier than 
40 days after the date on which such Temporary Global Note is issued and upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
thereof or otherwise as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations in accordance with the terms of such Temporary Global Note 
and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Distribution of Notes 
Notes may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes may only be offered to qualified investors in 
accordance with applicable law. 
The offer and distribution of any Notes of any Tranche will be subject to selling restrictions, including those for the United 
States, the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom. See section "Subscription and Sale – Selling Restrictions" 
below. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" and/or "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II and/or 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
Listing of Notes and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg", appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European 
Commission. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market included on the list of regulated 
markets published by ESMA for the purposes of MiFID II. However, Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange, subject 
to the notification of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Art. 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, or may be unlisted as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
RISK FACTORS 
Before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Programme, investors should carefully review and consider the following 
risk factors and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus. Should one or more of the risks described below 
materialize, this may have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, shareholders' equity, assets, financial position 
and results of operations (Vermögens-, Finanz- und Ertragslage) or general affairs of Talanx AG or the Group. Moreover, if 
any of these risks occur, the market value of Notes issued under the Programme and the likelihood that the Issuer will be in a 
position to fulfil its payment obligations under Notes issued under the Programme may decrease, in which case the holders of 
Notes (the "Noteholders") issued under the Programme could lose all or part of their investments. Factors which the Issuer 
believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are 
described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under 
the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with Notes issued 
under the Programme for other unknown reasons than those described below. Additional risks of which the Issuer is not 
presently aware could also affect the business operations of Talanx AG or the Group and have a material adverse effect on 
their business activities, financial condition and results of operations. Prospective investors should read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The following risk factors are organized in categories depending on their respective nature. In each category the most material 
risk factors, based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact, are mentioned 
first. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND TALANX GROUP 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and Talanx Group are presented in categories depending on their nature with the most 
material risk factor presented first in each category: 
1. 
Risks related to the Issuer's business activities and industry 
2. 
Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation 
3. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
4. 
Risks related to the acquisition of entities in Latin America pertaining to the Liberty group
1. 
Risks related to the Issuer's business activities and industry 
Talanx's business is largely dependent on global economic conditions which have become more uncertain with the wars in 
Ukraine and the Middle East as well as general inflation risks. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the global economy is characterised by weak growth amidst elevated geopolitical 
uncertainty. Europe in particular is still suffering from the Russian military actions against Ukraine (the "Russia-Ukraine 
War") and resulting sanctions that have contributed to supply chain disruptions, industrial weakness and increased inflationary 
pressures. Further uncertainty stems from the conflict in the Middle East following Hamas' attack on Israel in October 2023 
(the "Israel-Hamas War") that has led to renewed supply chain disruptions in the Red Sea and higher oil price volatility. The 
World Bank already warned in 2022 that following the pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine War the global economy was entering 
what could become a protracted period of low growth and elevated inflation. The Israel-Hamas War, rising tensions between 
China and Taiwan as well as increasing barriers to global trade reinforce this outlook. In response to the post-pandemic surge 
in inflation around the globe, central banks including the Fed and the ECB have risen interest rates in an unprecedented manner. 
Although the ECB has just cut interest rates for the first time since 2019, central banks still seem reluctant to cut back interest 
rates to levels seen in the years before the pandemic as recent trends in deglobalisation, demographics, decarbonisation, debt 
and defence spending highlight the risks of a protracted higher inflation regime.
Talanx's business largely depends on global economic conditions. These have become more uncertain with geopolitical 
conflicts and general inflation risks, which could have a significant adverse effect on the results of Talanx's operations. 
Together with resulting political and economic measures such as sanctions and embargoes it has led to a deterioration of 
consumers' and businesses' sentiment and dampened the economic outlook. The Russia-Ukraine War shifted demand as well 
as limited the ability to provide supply in this region. An enduring war alongside additional actions taken by governments 
would amplify the negative effects on the world economy, inflation, global supply chains and financial markets. Hence, 
Talanx's business in more regions around the globe could be indirectly affected.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Subdued economic activity affecting significant parts of the global economy could reduce both demand for Talanx's products 
and the value of the investments it holds. If a large number of consumers delay purchasing new insurance or terminate existing 
coverage, for example, due to high interest rates, other favourable investment opportunities, high unemployment or lower 
disposable income, demand for primary insurance coverage could decline. Because life insurance is a long-term investment, 
demand for life insurance is particularly sensitive to changes in overall demand. Weaker demand for primary insurance 
coverage also tends to increase pressure on pricing and competition, adversely affecting profitability.
Demand for Talanx's corporate and industrial insurance products is also dependent on general economic conditions, as demand 
for corporate and industrial insurance products is generally higher when businesses are growing and more likely to make 
investments and take risks. Talanx's exposure to the macroeconomic climate is especially pronounced in transport insurance 
lines, since a decrease in the volume of trade as a result of a downturn in the economy directly decreases demand for transport 
insurance. Further economic distortions might also cause claims within Talanx's subsidiaries insured portfolios.
Because primary insurance markets and reinsurance markets are closely linked, the macroeconomic factors mentioned above 
similarly affect demand for reinsurance and retrocession coverage. Geographically, a significant proportion of Talanx's 
insurance revenue comes from the United States of America, Germany and Latin America, which creates a substantial exposure 
to these economies.
Natural catastrophes, epidemics or man-made disasters could result in large insurance claims that could materially affect 
Talanx's financial results and capacity to underwrite new business. 
Talanx's insurance business covers certain losses arising out of natural catastrophes and man-made disasters. Events such as 
earthquakes, floods, major storms, winter storms, large fires and civil unrest can lead to substantial losses for Talanx's 
property/casualty lines. Similarly, epidemics and pandemics can claim a large number of victims and, thus, lead to substantial 
claims under life insurance products. They can lead to lockdown or shutdown of activities, which limit economies in general, 
and in particular, specialist sectors. This as a consequence can lead to claims under non-life products. Disasters of this kind 
are inherently unpredictable. Their frequency and severity can only be estimated using scientific modelling tools based on 
assumptions and judgments that are subject to error and mis-estimation and could produce estimates that are materially 
different from actual results, exposing Talanx to unexpectedly high losses.
It is possible that both the frequency and severity of natural and man-made catastrophe events could increase. Such increases 
in frequency and severity observed in the recent past might be part of a general upward trend which could expose Talanx to 
substantial losses, especially in its reinsurance business. Furthermore, many scientists suspect that the increase in global 
emissions of greenhouse gases, especially carbon dioxide, is increasing average worldwide surface temperatures, which could 
lead to an increased frequency of natural disasters. In addition, both the increase as well as concentration of exposure values 
in high-hazard areas (e.g. coastal areas) could cause higher losses. More frequent natural disasters could also lead to a reduction 
of underwriting capacity in the reinsurance market because some reinsurance companies might exhaust their capacities.
On the man-made disaster side increasing interconnection of processes and systems as well as stronger dependencies on such 
could cause more frequent and severe cyber losses. This tightening of supply could lead to increasing premiums in the 
reinsurance market and, thus, to higher retention ratios or lower revenues in the primary insurance market.
The occurrence of any of the risks set out above could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and 
financial condition of Talanx.
Elevated sovereign debt burdens in Europe, the high national debt of the United States and the macroeconomic conditions 
in certain emerging markets could result in economic instability and possible defaults on government debt, with significant 
adverse effects for Talanx's business and financial position. 
Since 2008, national debt levels in many countries, especially in the United States and in many European countries, have 
increased substantially. In most member countries of the European Economic and Monetary Union, the level of sovereign debt 
exceeds the limit (60% of gross domestic product) established by the Treaty of Maastricht, while sovereign debt in some 
countries (e.g., Greece and Italy) exceeds 100% of gross domestic product.
This sovereign debt crisis has created various lasting risks for Talanx. In particular, there could be a default or forced write 
down in the value of government bonds. The fact that interest rates have been low for several years – due among other things 
to a very accommodating monetary policy – has increased interest guarantee risk significantly. The recent sharp rise of interest 
rates has caused unrealised losses on fixed income portfolios, exposing Talanx to the risk of unforeseen liquidity requirements. 
On the other hand, if interest rates fall again, considerable reinvestment risk for life insurance companies offering traditional 
guarantee product will prevail once more. If this happens, it will become increasingly difficult to generate a guaranteed return.
With respect to the Eurozone, indirect consequences of a default by one or more countries, the extent and precise nature of 
which are impossible to predict, could include the expulsion or voluntary withdrawal of one or more countries from the

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Eurozone or a disorderly break-up of the Eurozone, either of which could significantly disrupt financial markets and possibly 
trigger another global recession. A Eurozone sovereign debt crisis could also undermine the capitalisation of banks and other 
financial services providers, including European banks in whose securities Talanx has significant investments. Regulatory 
measures designed to avoid the undercapitalisation of banks (such as mandatory swaps of bank debt into bank common equity) 
could exacerbate these risks for Talanx, for example by converting bonds into relatively illiquid common equity of a troubled 
bank. In addition to writing down the value of such investments, Talanx could lose its claims on ongoing interest and 
participations in profits, for example in the case of profit sharing rights and silent participations.
In addition, yields on Eurozone sovereign bonds could widen, including for issuers that currently have strong credit ratings, 
leading to losses in the value of the bonds. German government bonds could also lose substantial value in light of the substantial 
potential liability of the Federal Republic of Germany under existing and future bail-out measures.
Further, while the economic development in most of the emerging markets had been stable in recent years, emerging markets 
suffer from concerns about the Chinese economy. As the Talanx Group operates in a number of emerging markets and needs 
to hold corresponding assets in order to cover liabilities in local currencies it is therefore exposed to both general business risk 
as well as risks stemming from investing assets in the respective markets.
The occurrence of any of the risks set out above could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and 
financial condition of Talanx.
Talanx bears significant credit risks as a result of its business activities. 
As part of its business, Talanx acquires a large number of receivables against counterparties, especially policyholders, 
reinsurers, retrocessionaires, cedants, insurance brokers (especially to the extent commissions are paid upfront for the 
distribution of long-term insurance policies), and financial institutions. If obligors of Talanx experience financial difficulty 
and cannot or do not pay the full amounts owed to Talanx, Talanx would be exposed to risks of financial losses and a possible 
downgrading of its credit rating and might be required to write down or write off certain assets. This risk is particularly high 
for reinsurers and retrocessionaires because they often secure a high volume of insurance risks. If Talanx's internal guidelines 
on concentration of credit and counterparty risks (especially in relation to reinsurers and retrocessionaires) are not followed or 
turn out to be inadequate, this could result in significant losses. In addition, Talanx is exposed to systemic risk, which means 
that as a result of an extraordinary strain on one or more market participants (for example, if a large reinsurer suffers high 
losses as a result of a major insured event), the solvency of other companies that have contracted with such market participants 
and acquired receivables against them could also be detrimentally affected. In view of the uncertain development of the capital 
markets and the general global political and economic development, the decline in value in certain asset classes (such as real 
estate) and similar factors, counterparty risks could increase in the future if such factors simultaneously impact the solvency 
of a multitude of market participants. The occurrence of any of the risks set out above could have a material adverse effect on 
the business, results of operations and financial condition of Talanx.
Talanx relies to a significant extent on insurance intermediaries and banks to distribute its insurance products and write 
new policies. Disruptions to this distribution network could materially reduce the volume of new policies underwritten by 
Talanx. 
Talanx markets its insurance products to a substantial extent through a network of intermediaries, for example tied and 
independent agents, brokers and partner banks. Its commercial success therefore depends on its ability to retain a sufficient 
number of qualified, reliable and successful distribution intermediaries. Talanx's business volume could materially decline if 
its distribution strategy is unsuccessful or if its relationship with its distributors deteriorates. Failure to maintain or expand 
these distribution relationships could lead to a decline in Talanx's business, as could the acquisition of Talanx's distribution 
partners by a third party who does not intend to maintain the same level of cooperation with Talanx. 
Furthermore, Talanx's bancassurance business covers primarily life insurance products that are distributed through banks and 
savings institutions and are usually seamlessly embedded in the respective partner's corporate design. The three main pillars 
of the bancassurance business of the Retail Germany segment as of the date of this Base Prospectus are the 
cooperation/distribution agreements with Deutsche Bank group, a number of major Sparkasse savings institutions and 
TARGOBANK (with product sales ending at the end of 2025). In addition, Talanx also cooperates with other banks. Many of 
these cooperation/distribution agreements contain exclusivity commitments and long-term durations which are not generally 
exempted under applicable antitrust laws, but have been entered into based on the understanding that they are however justified 
due to their distribution efficiencies and consumer benefits and therefore exempted under antitrust laws on a case-by-case 
basis. However, if challenged and assessed by the relevant antitrust authority or a court, it cannot be ruled out that certain of 
these cooperation/distribution agreements may be deemed to be enforceable only in part or invalid in total. In this case, these 
cooperation/distribution agreements would have to be amended and renegotiated with the respective partner, possibly on less 
advantageous economic terms. There is also no assurance that antitrust authorities will not order the termination of any

--- Page 12 ---
12 
arrangements that may be found to infringe applicable antitrust laws, or that they will not impose fines on Talanx in respect of 
any such violations. In addition, Talanx could lose current or potential customers and its reputation could be damaged in the 
event that any antitrust proceedings take place. 
In addition, distribution risks could arise due to the existence of pools and combinations of brokers with significant market 
power. Such tendencies towards concentrations of brokers have become noticeable in recent years. The trend towards broker 
consolidation improves the negotiating power of the insurance brokers, including in relation to commission rates and other 
terms for distribution, and could adversely affect the results of operations of Talanx. 
Talanx's product distribution through insurance intermediaries and banks is subject to detailed comprehensive legal 
requirements as well as supervision. Changes in the legal requirements in particular requirements regarding customer 
protection and product distribution (e.g. the implementation of regulations limiting commissions on residual debt insurance 
policies (Restschuldversicherungen) in Germany) may give rise to additional costs, may lead to renegotiations or to adverse 
contractual adjustments of cooperation agreements or could otherwise adversely affect the business of Talanx. 
If any of these distribution-related risks materialise, this could have an adverse material effect on the business, results of 
operations and financial condition of Talanx. 
Reinsurance for Talanx's primary insurance business and the retrocession of risks from Talanx's reinsurance business 
might prove insufficient, or might not be available in the required scope or only on less favourable terms in the future. 
The risks insured by Talanx are partly transferred to other insurance and reinsurance companies by means of reinsurance or 
retrocession or are transferred to the capital markets through financial instruments. Decisions about which insured risks are 
transferred and which risks are retained by Talanx are made by Talanx on the basis of various criteria. These include the group 
risk strategy set by the Issuer's board of management (the "Board of Management"), the type and level of the underwritten 
risks, the individual business segment's ability to bear risks, the availability and the terms of reinsurance and retrocessions as 
well as the reputation and financial strength of the relevant reinsurers and retrocessionaires. If the risk assessment, assumptions 
or forecasts used as a basis for this decision differ from the actual circumstances and developments, there is a risk of an 
inadequate protection through reinsurance, retrocession or financial instruments.
In addition, disruptions in the reinsurance and retrocession markets could prevent Talanx from being able to transfer risks to 
the extent desired or on acceptable terms. Talanx could have increased difficulty obtaining these coverages on acceptable terms 
if increases in the frequency of natural disasters cause demand for reinsurance and retrocession coverage to increase at a time 
when underwriting capacity in the reinsurance and retrocession market is decreasing. An increase in the frequency or the 
volume of other major events causing damage could also worsen Talanx's risk position. In the future, only a few reinsurers 
with strong capital bases might be able to write capital-intensive reinsurance, which could, together with limited access to 
capital, make it more difficult for Talanx to obtain reinsurance coverage on acceptable terms.
For its reinsurance business, Talanx also uses systematic retrocessions on acquired reinsurance in order to reduce potential 
fluctuations in revenues and to optimise and/or to balance its net income. The business, results of operations, and financial 
condition of Talanx could be adversely affected if the availability of certain retrocession coverage is substantially reduced or 
if individual reinsurers and/or retrocessionaires become unable or unwilling to pay or may be legally or otherwise restricted to 
fulfil its obligation.
Furthermore, Talanx's primary insurance business purchases a portion of reinsurance protection from its majority owned 
subsidiary, the Hannover Re Group, which means that these reinsured risks – to the extent they are not ceded by Hannover Re 
Group to other reinsurers – remain within the Talanx Group. If the Group experiences an event of loss that has been reinsured 
by Hannover Re without retrocession by Hannover Re or only with partial retrocession to other reinsurers, the burden on the 
Group's consolidated balance sheet and its results of operations would be greater than if the reinsurance had been provided by 
an external reinsurer. In addition, there is a risk of conflicts of interest within the Group in allocating liabilities, especially if 
claim burdens are distributed unequally between the primary insurer and the reinsurer. The volume of intra-group reinsurance 
within the Talanx Group may have to be reduced in the future due to different regulatory requirements. This may lead to a 
higher need of external reinsurance even in periods of scarce capacity. As a consequence, the necessary external reinsurance 
might not be available in the required scope or only on less favourable terms for Talanx.
The occurrence of any of the risks set out above could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and 
financial condition of Talanx.
Talanx could lose important customers. 
Talanx works with major customers which generate a high volume of premiums, especially in the reinsurance and industrial 
insurance businesses. If Talanx loses a certain number of important customers, for example because competing insurance 
companies or new competing market entrants such as hedge funds or other financial sponsors make better offers to these

--- Page 13 ---
13 
customers or because the customers forgo insurance protection or increasingly obtain coverage from their own internal 
insurance companies, this could materially and adversely affect Talanx's business, results of operations and financial condition.
A deterioration in market conditions for primary insurance and reinsurance could reduce Talanx's revenues and limit its 
growth. 
The markets in which Talanx operates are characterised by intense domestic and foreign competition by insurance and
reinsurance companies, banks and other financial services providers. Talanx's ability to compete in these markets depends on 
several factors, including its financial strength, credit rating, local presence and reputation, the quality of its customer service, 
the type, scope and the conditions of its products and services, the efficiency of its claims management and its ability to adapt 
to changing customer needs. Changes in law, the social environment or market conditions can influence demand for Talanx's 
existing products, and there is no guarantee that new products will be met with sufficient customer demand or obtain all 
necessary regulatory approvals.
Overall, competition has increased in recent years in the primary insurance and reinsurance markets, especially as a result of 
market entry by new competitors. The growing use of the internet by consumers to research competing insurance offers has 
also led to increased price transparency and increased price competition. In certain markets, consumers focus on the price or 
the amount of premiums and do not attach value to other competitive factors, such as service, proximity to the customer, 
quality of claims management, or scope of coverage. Traditional insurance providers are finding it difficult to compete against 
direct insurance companies because the latter often operate with lower distribution costs and can offer lower premiums. In 
certain markets or market segments, such as retail motor insurance in Germany, the pressure on prices has made it difficult for 
Talanx to underwrite policies on a profitable basis.
Insurance business is also dependent on general market conditions. For example, the market for credit protection insurance 
business is also likely to decrease significantly due to the introduction of a cooling-off period in 2025. Due to an amendment 
to the German Insurance Contract Act, credit protection insurances may only be concluded one week after the corresponding 
loan agreement. In addition, this business is subject to the risk that banks might reduce lending, reducing the potential volume 
of new credit protection insurance policies. 
In those market segments where Talanx can write business profitably such as in commercial lines, it might face competition 
from competitors attracted by the higher margins. Especially Industrial Lines customers might attempt to bear standard risks 
themselves or cover them through their own captive insurance companies, which would reduce Talanx's volume of insurance 
and premiums.
Adverse economic developments or recession in one or more of Talanx core markets might as well have deteriorating effects 
on premium volume.
If increased competition causes Talanx to lose market share, Talanx could face disadvantages in terms of cost, especially fixed 
costs. Since a substantial portion of Talanx's total costs constitute fixed costs (including general administrative costs), such 
losses would also adversely affect margins in the remaining business.
If competitive pressures continue to increase or if Talanx fails to respond to these changes or otherwise adapt to new 
developments in the market, Talanx could suffer a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial 
condition.
The cyclicality of the reinsurance market and certain segments of the primary insurance market can lead to major 
fluctuations in premiums generated. 
The insurance market is subject to cyclical fluctuations, especially in property/casualty insurance and new entries of new 
competitors. In particular in Talanx's non-life reinsurance business, uncertain and unforeseeable events have in the past caused 
Talanx to experience substantial fluctuations in operating income. The cycles in the reinsurance business are periods 
characterised by intense price competition and less restrictive underwriting standards followed by periods of higher premium 
rates and more selective underwriting standards. As a result, Talanx's business volume, especially that of the Hannover Re 
Group and the Industrial Lines business, can fluctuate. The factors that drive these fluctuations are generally outside the control 
of insurance companies and include macroeconomic factors, the competitive environment, the frequency and severity of 
disasters, the occurrence of new risks (for example as a result of new technologies), and the availability of reinsurance capacity. 
The cyclical nature of the property/casualty insurance businesses as well as the reinsurance business could lead to fluctuations 
in revenues and earnings in the future, which in turn could lead to an increase in Talanx's costs of capital and, thus, could 
materially and adversely affect Talanx's business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Talanx's reinsurance business relies on receiving accurate and sufficient risk information from the primary insurers and 
reinsurers which are ceding risks to Talanx; incorrect risk information could lead to the writing of unprofitable or loss-
making reinsurance business and potentially to material losses. 
In the reinsurance business, Talanx assumes risks that have been underwritten by other primary insurance and reinsurance 
companies. To determine whether to write such reinsurance or retrocession contracts, and to establish the corresponding 
technical insurance reserves, Talanx must receive accurate and sufficient risk information from the respective cedant or 
retrocedant. If Talanx incorrectly assesses the scope of the risks covered by reinsurance and retrocession contracts as a result 
of incorrect or inadequate risk information, Talanx might fail to establish adequate reserves. Even if Talanx has a claim for 
recourse against a cedant or retrocedant as a result of incorrect or inadequate risk information, Talanx might not necessarily 
be able to recover the full amount of such claim. Inaccurate or inadequate information could result in the underwriting of 
unprofitable or loss-making reinsurance or retrocession contracts, which, if it occurs on a significant scale, could materially 
and adversely affect Talanx's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Poor performance of Talanx's asset liability or investment management could lead to a mismatch in value between its 
investment portfolio and the liabilities under its insurance business and to a loss of current or potential customers, including 
customers of its asset management and fund provider business. 
Talanx invests the premiums it collects in various asset classes. It attempts to follow a conservative investment policy set out 
in Group guidelines, which emphasise highly liquid investments by issuers with excellent credit ratings reflecting its liabilities. 
However, Talanx's investments might perform poorly, also in respect of matching of assets and liabilities, or Talanx's 
investment professionals could make poor investment decisions or other mistakes (including intentional violations of statutory 
provisions, standards of care or the Group's investment guidelines). Such occurrences could cause the value of Talanx's 
investment portfolio to decline and could lead to a mismatch between assets and liabilities in Talanx's insurance business. 
Furthermore, Talanx could lose current or potential customers and its reputation could be damaged as a result of poor 
investment performance. This reputational risk applies especially to Talanx's asset management and fund provider business, 
which competes with other financial services providers for customers in part on the basis of investment performance. If 
Talanx's investments perform worse than those of competitors, customers may withdraw their assets under management from 
Talanx. The occurrence of any of the risks set out above could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of 
operations and financial condition of Talanx.
Talanx's risk management systems could fail to identify or control for material risks. 
Talanx relies on complex and comprehensive systems for assessing and controlling risks. Despite detailed Group risk 
management guidelines, mistakes and disruptions in these systems cannot always be prevented. For example, human error or 
disregard of applicable standards in the identification, assessment and handling of relevant risk information and the disclosure 
of this information to the relevant decision makers, can result in a failure to recognise, assess or address material risks in a 
timely manner.
Furthermore, Talanx relies on risk quantification models based on assumptions that cannot fully reflect actual circumstances. 
For example, market risks in the investment portfolio are quantified using a "value-at-risk" model that is based on historical 
data and experience, for example, with regard to the volatility of market values for different financial instruments and the 
correlation of risks. There is no guarantee that the underlying data, or the assumptions with respect to future developments in 
financial markets and the resultant risks for the business and the capital investment portfolio of Talanx will prove accurate.
If the risk monitoring and risk management systems used by Talanx inadequately reflect material risks or otherwise turn out 
to be inadequate in any material respect, this could materially and adversely affect Talanx's business, results of operations and 
financial condition.
Talanx depends on the reliable functioning of its own and third-party IT systems, and a major failure in these systems 
could disrupt its business. 
Talanx depends on the reliable and efficient functioning of computer and data processing systems and telecommunication 
systems to conduct its operations. Since these systems are susceptible to failures and problems (for example as a result of 
power failures, computer viruses, harmful software, hacker attacks, misuse by employees, or hardware, software or network 
problems), failures or problems cannot necessarily be prevented despite the adoption of comprehensive protective and back-
up measures. Furthermore, regular maintenance of the IT systems is required, for example when changing software or 
migrating processes following the acquisition of companies or business units. If done incorrectly, such maintenance can also 
lead to failures, problems and delays.
A major failure or disruption in one or more computer or data processing systems operated by Talanx or third-party IT 
providers could disrupt Talanx's operations. In the asset management business, there could also be an interruption of trading

--- Page 15 ---
15 
activity, which would make it difficult for the asset management business to react in timely manner to current market 
developments. A broad or ongoing disruption of operations could materially and adversely affect Talanx's business, results of 
operations and financial condition.
Cost saving measures or measures to increase efficiency within the Group could fail or cause labour disputes. 
There is substantial competitive pressure in all markets in which Talanx operates. Some competing insurance and financial 
companies have cost advantages as a result of their larger corporate size (economies of scale) or their distribution strategy. 
Managing expenses is therefore of critical importance for Talanx's profitability, especially in mature markets. With respect to 
retail customers in Germany, Talanx has competitive disadvantages as a result of its complex distribution structures and 
different IT systems. Given these disadvantages, premiums at current levels – particularly in property/casualty insurance – are 
not always sufficient to generate positive margins. Talanx has implemented various cost reduction and efficiency enhancement 
programmes and will continue to do so in the future. However, there is no guarantee that these initiatives can be successfully 
implemented or that they will yield the desired results. A complete or partial failure of any cost saving and efficiency 
enhancement measures as well as employees' or trade unions' actions could materially and adversely affect Talanx's business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Financing arrangements impose restrictions on Talanx's business. 
Talanx's external financing arrangement contains customary covenants that restrict or limit, among other things, Talanx's 
freedom to dispose of, merge or create security interests in its assets. In some cases, lenders have also been granted the right 
to terminate the respective loan agreement upon the occurrence of a change of control (for example, if HDI V.a.G. ceases to 
directly or indirectly hold more than 50% of the voting shares of Talanx or ceases to have the power to appoint more than 50% 
of the shareholder representatives of the Issuer's supervisory board (the "Supervisory Board"), or if another person not directly 
or indirectly controlled by HDI V.a.G. gains the power to direct the management and policies of Talanx). Talanx's external 
financing agreement also provides that the lenders may terminate this agreement if Talanx or one of its material subsidiaries 
fails to pay interest or principal when due (subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions). If lenders under this financing 
arrangement rely on such provisions to call the amounts owed by Talanx prior to maturity, it could have material adverse 
effects on Talanx's business, financial condition and results of operations.
2. 
Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation 
Talanx is subject to substantial general market risks that could have a material adverse effect on the value of its investment 
portfolio and financial position and could, in an extreme case, leave Talanx with insufficient funds to pay its insurance 
liabilities. 
The market value of fixed income securities is generally subject to changes in prevailing interest rates. Decreases in prevailing 
interest rates generally lead to increases in the market value of fixed income securities, while increases in prevailing interest 
rates lead to decreases in market value. Credit-spread risks are another important factor for Talanx's fixed income security 
holdings. Credit spread refers to the difference in the rate of interest between a risk-bearing security and a risk-free security of 
the same characteristics (duration/currency). Market changes in these risk premiums lead to changes in the market value of the 
corresponding securities in a manner analogous to changes in prevailing interest rates. An increase in credit spreads could 
indicate higher default probabilities for bonds. If the probability of defaults materialise and differs from a long-term target 
figure, this would have an impact on net investment income.
Due to the typically asymmetric distribution of gains and losses on policyholders and shareholders in life insurance, high credit 
spreads can lead to a disproportionate reduction in own funds. This applies in particular to the spreads of government bonds 
and covered bonds, as primary life insurers have a large exposure of their investment portfolios in these low-risk asset classes.
The most significant risk in primary life insurance is that investments do not generate sufficient returns to meet liabilities to 
customers. The guaranteed returns on savings elements under traditional life insurance policies mainly depend on the actuarial 
interest rate generation of the policies concerned. The interest rates included in the premium calculations for the various rate 
generations range between 4% and 0% per annum. Due to the limited supply of long-term fixed-income securities on the 
capital market, it is not always possible to cover the interest liabilities under the policies at matching maturities. As a result, 
fixed interest rates on the assets side may regularly have a shorter term than those on the liabilities side (duration or asset-
liability mismatch). In addition, legislators and the courts have further extended the contractual interest guarantee for customers 
through various laws, statutory instruments and rulings. For example, rules in favour of the customer now govern the surrender 
value of a traditional life insurance policy when the policy is terminated prematurely.
A rapid, considerable rise in interest rates may lead to further unrealised losses on fixed-income securities. If insurance 
contracts were to be terminated prematurely, policyholders would be entitled to the guaranteed surrender values in full but,

--- Page 16 ---
16 
under the law in force, would not share in any unrealised losses incurred. Instead, when the investments were sold, the 
unrealised losses would have to be borne exclusively by the life insurers. Under current capital market conditions, the fair 
value of the investments does not cover the guaranteed surrender values.
Similarly, the market value of shares, equity derivatives and equity index derivatives held by Talanx generally tend to decline 
when equity markets in general lose value. Talanx's real estate holdings are subject to the risk of negative changes in the value 
of properties held directly or in real estate funds. These impairments can be triggered by deteriorations in the underlying real 
estate, for example long-term vacancies or deteriorations in a building's structure, or through a general market decline. Losses 
in the value of investments can necessitate write downs or lead to losses on the sale of investments, either of which would 
adversely affect investment income. In an extreme case, such losses could affect the capability of Talanx to fulfill its general 
insurance liabilities or other liabilities. Furthermore, Talanx is subject to currency exchange risks due to currency fluctuations, 
especially if there is a currency mismatch between Talanx's investments and its liabilities.
In life/health reinsurance, a particular risk arises because some capital investment portfolios are difficult to access and control. 
This applies to certain U.S. life insurance policies ("modified coinsurance") of the Hannover Re Group. Under these contracts, 
the reinsurance customer retains securities in a securities account that secures the risks that the customer has ceded to the 
reinsurer. Payments to the reinsurer are rendered only at a later point in time and contain a portion of the premium collected 
from the cedant and the income on the securities. The Hannover Re Group accordingly has to rely on third parties for the 
proper administration of the related investment portfolio.
The occurrence of any of the risks set out above could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and 
financial condition of Talanx.
A recurring scenario of sustained extremely low interest rates could adversely affect Talanx's ability to generate the 
investment income upon which it relies to pay amounts owed under insurance policies. 
Interest rate risks generally originate from movements of prevailing interest rates and a mismatch in the duration of assets and 
liabilities. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the control of Talanx, such as economic developments, 
inflation rates, monetary and interest rate policies of central banks, government tax and fiscal policies as well as currency 
exchange rates. The low interest rates that have prevailed in international markets in recent years have made it increasingly 
difficult for the Talanx life insurance companies to generate the guaranteed interest agreed under life insurance contracts issued 
in previous years. The obligation to distribute reserves in accordance with German insurance laws can in certain circumstances 
reinforce this risk of low interest rates. Pursuant to Section 153(3) of the German Act on Insurance Contracts ("VVG" – 
Versicherungsvertragsgesetz), insurance companies are required to disburse valuation reserves on investments on contracts 
which are coming to an end. This also applies if the valuation reserves are attributable to investments acquired to secure 
guarantees of the insured parties. If these securities and corresponding derivatives are not excluded from the obligation to 
disburse under Section 153(3) of the German Act on Insurance Contracts, it could exacerbate the impact of a low interest rate 
environment. A sustained continuation of an extremely low interest rate environment could necessitate an increase in technical 
insurance reserves.
In accounting according to the German Commercial Code ("HGB" – Handelsgesetzbuch), the recognition of benefit 
obligations to policyholders is governed mainly by the Regulation on the Principles Underlying the Calculation of the Premium 
Reserve (Deckungsrückstellungsverordnung). Since 2011, it has been necessary to recognise an additional interest reserve 
(Zinszusatzreserve) for rate generations with an actuarial interest rate that exceeds the market reference interest rate formed 
from a moving average. The expenses incurred in recognising the additional interest reserve require sufficient investment 
returns, which in some cases can only be provided by releasing valuation reserves. Changes in German legislation as of 2018 
have modified the calculation of the reference interest rate and have hereby confined the annual allocation to the additional 
interest reserve. Notwithstanding this mitigation, long lasting low interest rates, the associated financing of the additional 
interest reserve with potential simultaneous distribution of valuation reserves and the maintenance of an adequate solvency 
ratio will, taken together, put a considerable strain on German life insurance companies, pension funds and occupational 
pension scheme providers and thus also represent a significant risk for the Group. This could have an impact not only on the 
statutory accounts of the Talanx Group's life insurance subsidiaries prepared in accordance with the rules of the HGB, but also 
on its consolidated IFRS financial statements.
The occurrence of any of the risks set out above could have an adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial 
condition of Talanx.
Interest rate volatility or significant increases in interest rates could materially reduce the value of fixed-income investments 
held by Talanx, could trigger accounting risks and could significantly reduce demand for long-term insurance policies. 
In 2022 and to some extent in 2023 a significant increase of interest rates could be observed in capital markets. Further 
significant interest rate fluctuations or increases pose a risk for Talanx. Increases in interest rates can further reduce the market

--- Page 17 ---
17 
value of fixed-income investments and increase Talanx's borrowing costs under certain financing arrangements which provide 
for variable interest rates. Furthermore, if interest rates increase rapidly or remain high for a significant period, it could make 
long-term insurance policies less attractive compared to other forms of investment, reducing demand for long-term insurance 
policies. If a significant proportion of policyholders prematurely terminate their life insurance policies, Talanx's life insurance 
companies could be forced to sell investments in order to be able to pay the required cash surrender values to withdrawing 
policyholders. German insurance companies have been required to pay higher cash surrender amounts due to changes in case 
law and a reform of the German Act on Insurance Contracts. Thus, the market value of Talanx's investments is not guaranteed 
to be sufficient to cover cash surrender values.
The occurrence of any of the risks set out above could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and 
financial condition of Talanx.
The Talanx Group is exposed to material currency transaction and translation risks. 
The Issuer reports the financial results of the Talanx Group in euros. However, the Group's subsidiaries enter into insurance 
transactions in different currencies worldwide. As a result, the Group is subject to certain currency translation risks. Currency 
transaction risks arise primarily if there is a currency mismatch between liabilities and investments. Although the Group 
attempts to minimise these risks by investing capital wherever possible in those currencies in which the obligations under 
insurance contracts are to be fulfilled and to hedge these risks using currency swaps and currency futures, adverse changes in 
currency exchange rates could nonetheless materially and adversely affect Talanx's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. In addition to currency transaction risks, the Group is subject to currency translation risks due to the fact that the 
financial statements of some of its foreign subsidiaries, associated companies, special purpose entities and special funds, are 
prepared in non-euro currencies, the most important of which are the U.S. dollar, the British pound, the Polish zloty, the 
Brazilian real, the Mexican peso, the Chilean peso, the Turkish lira, the Australian dollar, the Canadian dollar, the Chinese 
yuan renminbi, the Japanese yen, and the South African rand. Furthermore, the Talanx Group receives dividends, profit 
transfers and interest payments from its foreign subsidiaries, associated companies, special purpose entities and special funds, 
partly in currencies other than euro. Adverse changes in the exchange rate between the euro and these currencies can cause 
adverse changes in the value (in euro) of corresponding positions on the Group's financial statements, even where results as 
measured in the local currency have remained unchanged or have improved. The occurrence of any of the risks set out above 
could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of Talanx.
Deterioration in market conditions in the capital markets could have a material adverse effect on Talanx's financial 
position, access to liquidity and capital and financing costs. 
Talanx has financed its operations in the past to a significant extent by issuing various bonds and other financial instruments, 
including equity, and has also hedged risks from its reinsurance business using capital market instruments (for example, by 
issuing catastrophe bonds under which the payment at the end of the term depends on whether and to which extent certain 
catastrophe-related losses have occurred). The success of such transactions depends on a large number of factors, especially 
general market conditions, the general availability of capital and liquidity, perceptions of counterparty risk generally and in 
particular with respect to banks and financial services providers, including insurance companies, trading volumes, the ratings 
of the Talanx Group and the Hannover Re Group and the general view by market participants of the economic prospects of 
Talanx as well as the insurance industry in general. These factors have become increasingly volatile and hard to predict. There 
is no guarantee that Talanx will be able to raise additional funds on a timely basis, on attractive terms or at all. If Talanx is 
unable to raise such funds, it could suffer a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition.
Actuarial appraisals of insured risks, which are used to estimate the amount of potential claims under insurance policies, 
could prove to be incorrect. 
The revenues of Talanx depend to a substantial degree on the extent to which the benefit actually to be rendered in an insured 
event is consistent with the underwriting assumptions used to determine the price of such coverage. When entering into a new 
insurance policy, Talanx must estimate the amount of potential claims on the policy in order to determine the appropriate 
amount of premiums to be paid on that policy. These actuarial calculations are based on past experience with similar policies, 
forecasts regarding the future, and actuarial models (for example, mortality, longevity and morbidity models used to calculate 
premiums and reserves in respect of life insurance coverage). Over time, these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and 
might therefore necessitate additional expenditures. Despite efforts to minimise such risk, deviations can occur if data is 
interpreted incorrectly or external factors outside Talanx's influence change. A price determination commensurate with the 
risk is also complicated in the property/casualty business due to the increasing complexity and long-term nature of the run-off. 
As a result of individually tailored concepts for coverage, especially in the industrial insurance business, actual results may 
vary from the assumptions about the type and scope of the insured risk used as a basis when assessing the premiums. If

--- Page 18 ---
18 
calculated premiums are insufficient to cover claims arising from insured events, it could materially and adversely affect 
Talanx's business, results of operations and financial condition.
Talanx's reserves set aside to pay insurance claims could prove insufficient, which could necessitate additional reserves. 
The Talanx Group determines the amount of the technical insurance reserves using actuarial methods and statistical models. 
Adjustments are continuously made to take into account the most current market information available to the Group, amongst 
others about inflation. Nonetheless, the reserves established in this manner can turn out to be inadequate if the calculations of 
future insured events differ from actual claims experience. Even a conservative assessment of the reserves as well as a regular 
actuarial examination cannot completely overcome this risk. In life (re-)insurance, changes can result from certain external 
factors, such as an increase in the general life expectancy, increased mortality and morbidity rates or changes in other biometric 
calculation bases, any of which can create the need for additional reserves. In property/casualty insurance, there is a risk that 
the reserves are not sufficient to anticipate damage from risks which are not yet fully known or appreciated. Incorrect estimates 
have in the past resulted, for example, from insured events in connection with asbestos and claims from the attack on the World 
Trade Center on 11 September 2001. Potential future risks in this context may arise from the use of per- and polyfluoroalkyl 
substances (PFAS), for example. Inadequate technical insurance reserves and the resulting need for additional reserves could 
have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of Talanx.
Rating agencies could downgrade the Talanx Group's credit ratings, which could materially increase the Group's financing 
costs and detrimentally affect customer relationships. 
Financial strength ratings are crucial for the Group's competitive position. The international rating agencies A.M. Best and 
S&P awarded the Talanx Group financial strength ratings.2 Rating agencies review their ratings and assessment methods 
continuously and could downgrade Talanx's ratings, whether on the basis of changes in the results of operations and financial 
conditions of the Group or as a result of changes in the assessment of the insurance industry. A rating report from S&P dated 
22 August 2024 pointed out that there is a risk of a rating downgrade if its capital and earnings sustainably weakened to lower 
than very strong. A.M. Best noted in a rating report dated 20 December 2023 that a negative rating action could occur if there 
were a material weakening in the Group's consolidated risk-adjusted capitalisation.
A downgrade in one or more of the Group's ratings could negatively affect the Group's business volumes and its competitive 
position, for example in its dealings with large customers in the industrial insurance or reinsurance business which regularly 
monitor the ratings of their (re)insurers. Additionally, the Group might find it more difficult to access the capital markets and 
could incur higher borrowing costs. Furthermore, a rating downgrade could lead to new liabilities or increase existing 
liabilities, to the extent that they depend on the Group maintaining a certain credit rating. A rating downgrade could therefore 
have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Talanx Group.
Talanx's provisions for pension liabilities could prove to be inadequate. 
Talanx has various programmes that guarantee employees various kinds of benefits – including retirement, disability, widows' 
and orphans' benefits – upon the occurrence of certain preconditions. In most cases, the amount of benefit to be paid is 
determined on the basis of length of employment and salary. The Talanx Group has established provisions for these benefits 
in the amount of EUR 1,726 million as of 31 December 2023. These provisions are based on certain assumptions required 
under international accounting standards, including interest curves and actuarial principles (for example mortality tables) and 
on estimates regarding the likely length of employment and the future dynamics of salaries and pensions. If these estimates 
turn out to be incorrect, the Group's future pensions liabilities could exceed the provisions the Group has made for them. 
Additional liabilities could also result from changes in the relevant statutes and case law on company retirement plans. For 
example, certain companies in the Talanx Group have in previous years refrained from adjusting company pension entitlements 
to the rate of inflation pursuant to Section 16 of the German Act on Company Pensions (Betriebsrentengesetz). A considerable 
number of former employees of the Talanx Group have objected to these decisions not to make adjustments, and some former 
employees have filed lawsuits against Group companies as a result of this practice. A few of these lawsuits are still pending 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus. If the courts find that not making an adjustment was impermissible and apply or expand 
upon recent case law from the German Federal Labour Court (Bundesarbeitsgericht) in relation to piercing the corporate veil 
of group companies for the purpose of calculating pension benefits (Berechnungsdurchgriff bei Konzernunternehmen), Talanx 
employees and former employees might be able to claim higher pensions. 
If the risks above or other risks materialise, including in the form of adverse changes in the statutory provisions on company 
pensions, this could materially and adversely affect Talanx's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
2 
The offices issuing and elaborating the rating were A.M. Best (EU) Rating Services B.V. and a registered branch of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
both of which are registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended (see "CRA Authorisation" which can be accessed on ESMA's homepage under www.esma.europa.eu).

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Rising inflation may also lead to additional expenses if it means that pension adjustments have to be larger than planned. 
Talanx may have increased obligations under the German policy holder protection scheme for life insurers (Protektor). 
Companies of the Talanx Group are members of the German policy holder protection scheme for life insurers ("Protektor"). 
In the case of an adverse development of the situation of German life insurance companies outside the Talanx Group, the 
Talanx Group may be required, in line with German regulation and agreements between companies of the Talanx Group and 
Protektor Lebensversicherung-AG, to make substantial contributions to Protektor that are considerably higher than current 
contributions. 
Previously unknown risks, so-called "emerging risks", which cannot be reliably assessed, could lead to unforeseeable 
damages. 
The term "emerging risks" is used in the insurance industry to refer to previously unknown risks that could cause substantial 
future losses and are therefore of major concern for insurance companies. Unlike traditional risks, emerging risks are difficult 
to analyse because they often exist as hidden risks. Consequently, insurance premiums for emerging risks are difficult to 
calculate due to the lack of historical data about or experience with such risks or their consequences. In the past, inadequate 
reserves for the cases involving thalidomide or asbestos have caused extremely high losses in the insurance industry. Presently, 
the consequences of potential, worldwide biodiversity loss and climate change are considered as emerging risks. There is a 
wide scientific consensus and a growing public concern that globally increasing emissions of greenhouse gases, especially 
carbon dioxide, are causing an increase in the average worldwide surface temperatures. This increase in average temperatures 
could increase the frequency of hurricanes, floods, droughts, forest fires, and could cause sea levels to rise due to the melting 
of the polar ice caps. In addition to those physical risks, there are also risks from compliance with ever more far-reaching 
political or economic measures implemented in response to climate change. Beyond that, geoeconomic confrontations 
including a shifting political landscape characterised by increasing tensions between the world's major economic powers as 
well as increasing protectionist attitudes can lead to market tensions and to an increased likelihood of systemic shocks. Other 
examples of emerging risks are epidemics and pandemics like the experienced pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 caused 
by SARS-CoV-2 and the inherent danger of antimicrobial resistance. Furthermore, emerging risks could arise for example, 
from a potential fiscal crisis in particular in the U.S., climate engineering, vulnerability of infrastructure, adverse regulatory 
developments and social inflation.
Despite its efforts at early identification and continuous monitoring of emerging risks, Talanx cannot guarantee that it will be 
able to identify all emerging risks and implement measures to avoid or minimise claims exposure to them. Defects and 
inadequacies in the identification and response to emerging risks could lead to unforeseen damages and could materially and 
adversely affect Talanx's business, results of operations and financial condition.
The Group's consolidated subsidiary Hannover Re is publicly listed, with 49.78% of its shares held by shareholders outside 
the Talanx Group. The Issuer's oversight of and influence on Hannover Re's business operations is limited, and the Issuer 
could lose its majority stake in Hannover Re. 
Talanx's reinsurance segments are operated primarily by Hannover Re and its subsidiaries. Hannover Re is publicly listed, and 
49.78% of its shares are held by external shareholders, who have minority rights under German stock corporation laws. 
Accordingly, the Issuer's ability to exercise oversight and a controlling influence over Hannover Re and its business is limited.
Furthermore, if the Issuer's shareholding in Hannover Re falls below the threshold of 50%, the Issuer would lose its majority 
in the voting rights in Hannover Re. This situation could arise, for example, if Hannover Re carries out a capital increase and 
the Issuer cannot participate in this capital increase. If Talanx ceases to have majority control of Hannover Re, Talanx would 
no longer consolidate Hannover Re in its consolidated financial statements, which would substantially reduce the consolidated 
balance sheet and certain items in the consolidated statements of income (for example insurance revenues) and could have 
various other effects on key financial figures of the Talanx Group, including capitalisation and solvency ratios.
If any of the above risks materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on Talanx's business, results of operations and 
financial condition.
3. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
Talanx is required by law to comply with capital requirements and a large number of other regulatory requirements. Any 
changes of existing requirements and the regulatory framework for insurance companies (including own funds and 
governance) can have material adverse effects on Talanx's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The insurance business is subject to extensive regulation and supervision. Regulatory authorities in the countries in which 
Talanx operates have wide-ranging supervisory and enforcement powers. Talanx incurs substantial costs to remain in 
compliance with applicable insurance rules and regulations and to adapt its business and products in light of regulatory

--- Page 20 ---
20 
changes. National and international efforts to prevent another financial crisis have led to extensive regulatory changes, which 
affect Talanx's business. Since the 2008 financial crisis, insurance and banking regulators have increased regulation and 
supervision of financial institutions in many countries. Systemically important companies in the financial and insurance 
industry are a particular point of focus for regulators in the United States and the EU. Entities whose collapse would likely 
have widespread and unforeseen consequences for the global financial system can expect substantially tighter requirements 
under regulations, especially with regard to their level of capitalisation. In November 2011 the Financial Stability Board 
("FSB") published an integrated set of policy measures to address the systemic and moral hazard risks associated with 
systemically important financial institutions ("SIFIs"). In July 2013, the FSB, in consultation with the International 
Association of Insurance Supervisors ("IAIS") and national authorities identified an initial list of nine global systemically 
important insurers ("G-SIIs") using an assessment methodology developed by the IAIS and the policy measures that should 
apply to them. The policy measures that should apply to them included the recovery and resolution planning requirements for 
G-SIIs set out in the Key Attributes ("KAs"). That report noted that the list of G-SIIs would be updated annually and published 
by the FSB each November based on new data. The FSB, in consultation with the IAIS and national authorities, has identified 
in 2016 nine insurers as G-SIIs as part of its annual identification process of global SIFIs. Since the inception of such list, 
Talanx has not been included as a G-SII in any relevant year. In November 2018, the IAIS proposed a holistic framework for 
the assessment and mitigation of systemic risk in the insurance sector. This holistic framework was finalised and published on 
14 November 2019, for implementation in 2020. In light of the finalised holistic framework, the FSB, in consultation with the 
IAIS and national authorities, decided to suspend the G-SIIs identification as from the beginning of 2020. In August 2020, the 
FSB finalized the insurance Key Attributes Assessment Methodology for the Insurance Sector, stating that the KAs continue 
to apply during the suspension period to any insurer that could be systemically significant or critical in failure and that national 
authorities may apply to certain insurers the requirements specific to G-SIIs. If Talanx was included in the list of G-SIIs or the 
German authorities considered Talanx to be systemically significant or critical in failure during the suspension period, it could 
have adverse consequences for Talanx. 
Directive 2009/138/EC (commonly referred to as "Solvency II"), together with accompanying legal acts such as Commission 
Delegated Regulation 2015/35 and national legislation implementing these changes, create a stricter and more comprehensive 
regulatory framework (compared to the previous supervisory and solvency regime) for insurance and re-insurance companies 
within the EU. In any case, the Solvency II regime leads to higher volatility in solvency ratios compared to the prior regulatory 
regime (known as "Solvency I") due to the market value balance sheet approach. In particular, Talanx's solvency ratios may 
be negatively impacted by adverse capital market conditions. Also, the complexity of the calculations required to determine 
Talanx's solvency ratios implies that, for any given period in time, solvency ratios can only be determined with some delay 
and that it is not possible to predict future development of solvency ratios with certainty. 
Furthermore, the Insurance Recovery and Resolution Directive (the "IRRD") was adopted by the European Parliament (such 
adopted version hereinafter referred to as the "Draft IRRD"), which may impact Talanx Group's capitalisation and convey 
certain new powers to regulatory authorities in case of a financial deterioration of the Issuer or the Talanx Group although the 
timing and details of the IRRD implementation in Germany are currently unknown. 
In the event of a failure by Talanx or the Talanx Group to meet regulatory capital requirements, regulators have broad authority 
to take various regulatory actions including limiting or prohibiting the writing of new business, prohibiting payment of 
dividends or interest payments, and/or putting a company into insolvency proceedings or administration. A breach of 
regulatory capital requirements or a reduction of solvency ratios may result in the Issuer injecting new capital into its 
subsidiaries which could in turn adversely affect the Issuer's liquidity and financial position. Regulatory restrictions can reduce 
the Issuer's ability to move capital within the Talanx Group which in turn can adversely affect the liquidity and financial 
position of the Issuer and Talanx Group. Under the Solvency II regime the powers of intervention of the supervisory authority 
with respect to insurance companies like Talanx are extended and, in particular, allow for a restriction on all payments (in 
particular, payments under the Notes) at an earlier stage of a potential crisis. Such powers are proposed to be extended in the 
current review of Solvency II and the IRRD, namely by introducing macroprudential intervention powers and early 
intervention powers, which may be available to supervisory or other authorities before or without a breach of regulatory capital 
requirements, and resolution powers of the resolution authority. However, even though on 23 April 2024, the final compromise 
texts of the reviewed Solvency II and the Draft IRRD, which have been published on 24 January 2024 following political 
agreement in December 2023, were adopted by the European Parliament, the formal adoption by the Council and subsequent 
publication of the Official Journal is currently still outstanding. Therefore, it is not yet possible to assess the full impact of the 
amendment of Solvency II and the IRRD or any German legislation implementing the respective provisions. 
The Solvency II directive generally seeks to tighten quantitative and qualitative supervision of insurers, require greater 
transparency, increase higher minimum levels of statutory capital, impose more rigorous internal corporate risk control systems 
and require more extensive reporting and documentation procedures. These requirements are further tightened by 
implementing additional acts on the EU and the Member State level, which could have adverse effects on Talanx. For example, 
the risks originating from the business operations of subsidiaries with minority shareholders have to be taken fully into account

--- Page 21 ---
21 
when calculating the group-wide solvency capital requirements, while at the same time the equity share of such minority 
shareholders will be included only in part or not at all when calculating the group-wide own funds available for covering these 
solvency capital requirements. Since Talanx has several large subsidiaries with minority shareholders, it could suffer from 
competitive disadvantages in comparison to insurance companies consisting primarily of wholly-owned subsidiaries. This risk 
has increased since completion of the initial public offering of shares of Talanx Aktiengesellschaft ("IPO") in 2012. Since the 
IPO in 2012, HDI V.a.G. retains majority control in Talanx with a current holding of approximately 76.7% of the share capital 
of the Issuer. Therefore, under the applicable regulatory rules, the group-wide solvency capital requirements continue to be 
calculated at the level of HDI V.a.G. and the risks from the business operations of Talanx may need to be fully attributed to 
HDI V.a.G. However, since the IPO, the shares of the minority shareholders of Talanx might only be included in part or not 
at all when calculating the group-wide equity capital available to satisfy solvency capital requirements. This would lower the 
relevant group solvency under the applicable regulatory rules. 
The prudential requirements for supervised companies have developed significantly, and are now much more stringent and 
complex. With the Insurance Supervision Act (VAG) in the Federal Republic of Germany and the current Delegated Regulation 
of the European Commission, this development has now peaked for the time being. As a result of the thus implemented 
Solvency II directive, a three pillar approach is now in use. The (quantitative) Pillar I contains detailed regulations about the 
necessary capital resources of insurance companies. In order to calculate their specific capital requirement, the companies can 
either use a statutory standard model or else their own internal model. For the Group and for key insurance companies of the 
Group, Talanx uses an internal model already approved by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority ("BaFin") in 
November 2015, which, in terms of its applicability at the level of the individual insurance companies, was expanded with the 
approval decision of BaFin as at October 2016 to include the key domestic life insurance companies, and with BaFin decision 
in March 2017 the model was expanded to include the group internal reinsurer HDI Reinsurance (Ireland) SE. In March 2018 
a model extension regarding operational risk for the Groups' major business unit reinsurance was approved. Since September 
2019 a model extension regarding the operational risk on Group level and for HDI Global SE and HDI Reinsurance (Ireland) 
SE was approved. In September 2020, the model was expanded with BaFin approval to include HDI Global Specialty SE and 
Talanx AG (partial model). In September 2021 the model extension regarding operational risk was applied to the internal 
model entities of HDI Germany. In September 2023 the partial internal model of Talanx AG was extended to a full internal 
model. As part of the regular model development and improvement process, several model changes have been conducted over 
the years. Pillar II deals with the qualitative risk management system and primarily contains requirements for the business 
organisation of the insurance company. Pillar III regulates the reporting obligations of insurance companies, and in particular 
reporting obligations to the supervisory authorities and the general public. In addition, the implementation of Solvency II has 
introduced changes in the area of the supervision of insurance groups, which will also impact the Talanx Group. For example, 
with effect from 1 January 2016 there is now a group supervision function in which BaFin, the national insurance supervisor 
for the main parent company (and the Group supervisory authority), will work together with the national supervisory 
authorities of the respective foreign Group companies and EIOPA as a joint supervisory body. 
As a consequence of Solvency II particular operational risks may arise for the Issuer. For example, the "full fair value" principle 
set out in Solvency II leads to severe fluctuations in German life insurers' capital requirements for long-term guarantees. Long-
term guarantees must be taken into account when calculating the market price of underwriting commitments and must be 
backed by equity. Further exacerbated by the uncertainties involved in ensuring that reporting of long-term guarantee 
commitments is consistent with the market in accordance with Solvency II, a situation in which life insurers may therefore 
require additional equity or may need to reduce their net risk in the near future cannot be ruled out. 
Other developments in legislation and case law in countries in which Talanx operates could materially and adversely affect 
Talanx's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
In addition to financial and insurance regulation, Talanx is affected by many other legal provisions, such as regulations 
concerning retirement pensions and social insurance systems, labour law, general civil law and insurance contract law, 
consumer protection provisions, anti-discrimination rules, rules against unfair terms and conditions as well as rules about 
access to information and data protection. Changes in these rules or their interpretation and application by the courts and public 
authorities could require Talanx to undergo a cost-intensive restructuring of its business and could have other adverse effects 
on Talanx. 
In some of these areas of law, there has been a trend in recent years to increase requirements on financial services and insurance 
companies. For example, courts in Germany and in other countries in which Talanx operates have interpreted the duties of 
care and the disclosure rules regarding the distribution of financial and insurance products more strictly in the recent past, 
especially for products sold to consumers. In addition, various courts have interpreted insurance contracts in manners 
favourable to policyholders, which has retroactively expanded the scope of coverage and benefits provided by the insurer, or 
have found certain stipulations, in particular if they are based on general terms and conditions, to be invalid and unenforceable. 
Case law and new legislation in Germany (for example reforms of the German Act on Insurance Contracts) and elsewhere has

--- Page 22 ---
22 
also tightened the requirements regarding documentation of insurance policies. In light of these developments, certain 
contractual stipulations used by Talanx in its insurance policies and its distribution agreements with brokers, agents, partner 
banks and other intermediaries could be determined to be invalid and unenforceable. 
For example, cash surrender values for life insurance policies in Germany generally increased in the recent past as a result of 
case law and revisions to the VVG. According to case law from the German Federal Court of Justice (Bundesgerichtshof), 
insurers are – with regard to the surrender value – no longer permitted to use the first premiums paid by the insured party 
solely to cover policy acquisition costs, and this leads to a quicker build-up of cash surrender values. According to the 
jurisdiction of the Federal Court of Justice, certain terms and conditions in relation to cash surrender values for life insurance 
policies and acquisition costs in insurance contracts concluded between 1994 and the end of 2007 are invalid. Even though 
Talanx was not party to these proceedings, it is and will be confronted with demands by its policyholders to re-calculate the 
cash surrender values for life insurance policies concluded in the relevant time period and compensate policyholders for the 
difference. Although the jurisdiction of the Federal Court of Justice originally applies to the terms and conditions used between 
1994 and 2007, it might also affect terms and conditions used from 2008 to 2013 in relation to the deduction taken from the 
surrender value in case of a termination of the contract. 
Talanx is also closely monitoring pending German court proceedings in which plaintiffs claim to have a right to cancel 
insurance contracts concluded according to the 'policy' model (Policenmodell). According to the 'policy' model which was 
practiced by German insurance companies until the end of 2007, insured parties received the relevant insurance information 
(general conditions and consumer information) only with the policy document, i.e. after signing the application form. Section 
5a(2) sentence 4 of the VVG, which was in force until 31 December 2007, provided that the cancellation right of an insured 
party expired at the latest one year after payment of the first premium, even where no clear information about the cancellation 
right was provided. The European Court of Justice ruled that European directives on life insurance preclude a national 
provision such as former Section 5a(2) sentence 4 of the VVG. The German Federal Court of Justice decided on 7 May 2014 
with respect to the legal consequences of the ruling that an insured person may assert the cancellation right even after the lapse 
of the one year period in case of insufficient cancellation right information / omitted consumer information or omitted handing-
over of the insurance conditions in life insurance. Even years after the ruling legal implications of this judgment remain 
uncertain. The outstanding issues are the actual amount of the repayment claim as well as the options and prerequisites for an 
objection of bad faith even when insufficient information was provided. Due to the way in which the Group advised 
policyholders, however, the expectation remains that few will take advantage of this right. 
In several judgments concerning banks, the German Federal Court of Justice has held that bonuses paid by banks to fund 
managers which were not disclosed to the customer are not permissible and that the bank is required to pay damages to the 
customer. Attempts to extend the holding of these cases to the insurance sector have been rejected by the appellate courts to 
date (for example in instances where bonuses are paid to fund managers for life insurance policies which are linked to a fund). 
However, the Federal Court of Justice has not yet decided on this issue and might treat bonuses paid by insurance companies 
in a similar manner as those paid by banks to fund managers. 
New rules about free access to information of public authorities, especially under the German laws on freedom of information 
pose additional risks for Talanx. The possibility cannot be ruled out that business secrets which Talanx is obliged to disclose 
to regulatory authorities (for example to BaFin) become public knowledge as a result of this, to the detriment of Talanx. 
Furthermore, management of information technology and information security risks is gaining an increasing importance in the 
financial industry; appropriate implementation of the supervisory requirements on IT use as well as the EU Commission's 
Digital Operational Resilience Act may subsequently increase the risk of potential non-compliance with such laws and 
standards in the future. 
These legal risks and other legal risks, including from other areas of law, could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
results of operations and financial condition of Talanx. 
Talanx is subject to stress tests and similar regulatory analyses which could negatively impact Talanx's reputation and 
financing costs or trigger enforcement actions by regulatory authorities. 
In order to assess the level of capital in the insurance sector, the national and supra-national regulatory authorities (such as the 
EIOPA) periodically require solvency calculations and conduct stress tests where they examine the effects of various adverse 
scenarios on insurers (for example a strong change in the interest rates). Announcements by regulatory authorities about 
carrying out such tests can destabilise the insurance sector and lead to a loss of trust with regard to individual companies or 
the insurance sector as a whole. In the event that Talanx's results in such a calculation or test are worse than those of its 
competitors and these results become public, this could also have adverse effects on Talanx's financing costs, customer demand 
for Talanx's insurance and reinsurance products and Talanx's reputation. Furthermore, regulatory authorities could use a poor 
result by Talanx in such calculations or tests as a basis for taking regulatory measures, which could have adverse effects for

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Talanx. Furthermore, the impact of regulatory reviews (e.g. Solvency II review) and as a result of such review the introduction 
of new rules and regulatory or legal affairs could in general adversely affect Talanx. If any of the risks above occurs, this could 
materially and adversely affect Talanx's business, results of operations and financial condition, or ability to pay dividends.
Talanx's business depends on a large number of approvals, licenses and permits and the cancellation, refusal to grant or 
failure to obtain these approvals, licenses and permits could materially and adversely affect Talanx's business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
The insurance and reinsurance businesses in most jurisdictions in which Talanx operates require approvals, licenses and 
permits granted by courts, governmental authorities or other agencies. For example, primary insurance companies and 
reinsurance companies in Germany require a license from BaFin if they do not already have a corresponding license from a 
Member State of the EU or another country of the EEA. Before such a license is being granted, BaFin carefully examines 
whether the applicant meets German insurance regulatory standards for organisational, financial and legal matters. German 
regulators carry out detailed background checks on senior management, the supervisory board members and holders of 
qualifying shareholdings (wesentliche Beteiligungen) as well as the professional qualifications of senior management and the 
supervisory board members. Furthermore, applicants must submit a detailed business plan, describing the type and scope of 
the proposed business. Applicants must also demonstrate that they have a sufficient level of capital for the proposed business. 
Comparable examination proceedings and approval procedures exist in other countries as well. 
If these approvals, licenses or permits are cancelled or declined or if Talanx fails to obtain or maintain these approvals, licenses 
or permits, Talanx could be forced to discontinue its business operations in the relevant jurisdiction, and this could materially 
and adversely affect Talanx's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Talanx is subject to tax risks, especially as a result of changes in tax law or its interpretation and application, including the 
discontinuation of tax benefits for Talanx products, or as a result of external or tax audits detrimental to Talanx. 
Talanx benefits from certain tax provisions by offering certain insurance products such as life insurance retirement products 
in Germany ('Riester' and 'Rürup' products) or operating certain subsidiaries or branches in particular jurisdictions (for example 
in the Republic of Ireland). If these tax provisions or their interpretation and application by the tax courts and the practice of 
the tax authorities change in the future or if taxation in the countries in which Talanx operates otherwise changes adversely 
(for example as a result of external tax audits with outcomes detrimental to Talanx), or if Talanx chooses unfavourable tax 
structures when developing its products or fails to optimise tax arrangements (also in relation to its acquisitions and 
divestitures), this could materially and adversely affect Talanx's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Minimum Taxation Act (Mindeststeuergesetz - MinStG) came into force in Germany with effect from 1 January 2024. 
The resulting impact on the effective tax rate of HDI Group is expected to be in the low single-digit percentage range. 
The occurrence of any of the risks set out above could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and 
financial condition of Talanx. 
Talanx Group companies are parties to legal, regulatory and other proceedings, negative outcomes in which could 
materially adversely affect Talanx's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Companies of the Talanx Group are involved in legal disputes and arbitration and administrative proceedings in Germany and 
a number of foreign jurisdictions, including the United States. 
In addition, companies of the Talanx Group are involved in numerous disputes and proceedings which arise in the ordinary 
course of the Group's insurance business. Especially in the Industrial Lines segment, where HDI Global SE enjoys a strong 
position in particular in the liability insurance business, companies of the Talanx Group are involved in or affected by legal 
disputes relating to product liability claims, industrial accidents and other insured events that lead to large aggregate losses 
(accumulation losses). In the majority of cases, such involvement is indirect, for example if a lawsuit is brought against a 
policyholder of the Talanx Group, and the Group is obligated to provide legal defence and/or indemnity under the terms of the 
liability insurance policy. In some cases, however, Talanx Group companies have a direct involvement in disputes and 
proceedings as a defendant. 
It is impossible to predict the outcome of these and other pending or threatened disputes or proceedings. Outcomes less 
favourable for the Talanx Group than expected, significant new disputes or proceedings, or substantial delays in existing 
disputes or proceedings could have a material adverse effect on Talanx's business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Talanx could be subject to claims by customers for allegedly incorrect advice or other irregularities in the distribution of 
insurance contracts and financial investment products. 
Insurance agents, brokers and financial advisers at banks sell a substantial volume of Talanx's insurance and other financial 
products as intermediaries for Talanx. Under certain circumstances, Talanx companies may be liable for misconduct on the 
part of intermediaries in connection with the signing of an insurance contract or the customer service and advice prior to and 
after signing a contract. Such misconduct, or alleged misconduct, could damage Talanx's reputation and lead to adverse legal 
or regulatory consequences such as contract termination claims or damages or fines. If such cases occur regularly, or are 
prominently publicised, they could materially and adversely affect Talanx's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
The business and reputation of Talanx could be adversely affected by actual or alleged violations of laws, standards of 
conduct or accounting rules or by other irregularities at Talanx or other companies in the insurance and financial services 
industry. 
In light of the large number of regulations, provisions and standards of conduct with which Talanx must comply in various 
countries, there is an inherent risk of liability due to actual or alleged violations of such norms, which may also lead to 
regulatory bodies investigating Talanx Group's business with potential financial and/or reputational risks being associated 
therewith. This may go from financial penalties as far as the withdrawing of the company's license, where applicable. The 
Group tries to minimise this risk by closely working with its regulators, continually monitoring its regulatory environment and 
by means of comprehensive compliance programmes but these measures and the compliance programmes may fail to prevent 
such violations. 
For example: In order to conduct its business, Talanx handles within the Group personal and other sensitive data that is subject 
to rules about access to information and data protection. Processing of such data in accordance with its business requires 
Talanx to use data processing systems and to share such data with, inter alia, agents, service providers, other (re)insurers or 
banks and their agents, other intermediaries and with recognised trade, governing, and regulatory bodies, primarily for 
purposes of insurance administration (including underwriting, processing, claims handling, reinsurance and fraud prevention). 
In such complex processing activities the risk of failure of existing preventive measures is inherent. Non-compliance with the 
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) could result in financial losses which could arise from fines or penalties. 
Talanx may also suffer reputational risks from actual or alleged violations of its various legal duties. For example, insurance 
companies which provide retail insurance are subject to increased public attention and are often the subject of media reporting 
(for example in consumer protection shows on television). Such reporting often takes a very critical view of the insurance 
industry. If such reports present Talanx in a negative light, this could lead to losses of customers and market share. There is a 
risk that Talanx could suffer by being associated with a generally negative image of the insurance industry. 
Moreover, adverse publicity and damage to the reputation of Talanx may arise from its failure or perceived failure to comply 
with increasing regulatory and law enforcement scrutiny of the "know your customer" principle, other anti-money laundering 
measures, duties in relation to its supply chain, human rights or environmental risks, prohibited transactions with countries 
and persons subject to sanctions, anti-bribery or other anti-corruption measures or anti-terrorist-financing procedures and their 
effectiveness. 
The occurrence of any such events may negatively affect Talanx's ability to make payments under the Notes. 
4. 
Risks related to the acquisition of entities in Latin America pertaining to the Liberty group ("Liberty Target 
Entities") 
The integration of Liberty Target Entities may neither be successful nor go as planned and may involve higher costs than 
expected or require more resources than initially planned. 
On 27 May 2023, Talanx announced that the Retail International division of the Talanx Group has signed a purchase agreement 
to acquire the Liberty group's personal and small commercial business in Brazil, Chile, Colombia and Ecuador (the "Liberty 
Seguros Acquisition") from Liberty Mutual Insurance Inc. The transaction includes Liberty Specialty Markets direct 
insurance business in Brazil, Chile and Colombia. The transaction does not include Liberty Specialty Markets facultative 
reinsurance, Liberty Mutual Reinsurance treaty reinsurance and Liberty Mutual Surety businesses which will continue to 
operate in Brazil, Chile and Colombia. On 22 November 2023, the Retail International division of the Talanx Group 
successfully closed its acquisition of the Liberty Seguros business with retail customers and small to mid-sized enterprises in 
Brazil and on 1 March 2024, the Retail International division of the Talanx Group successfully completed the acquisition of 
the business of Liberty Seguros in Chile, Colombia and Ecuador with retail customers and small to mid-sized enterprises. The 
total purchase price was approximately EUR 1.4 billion.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Upon the successful Liberty Seguros Acquisition, Talanx seeks to integrate Liberty Target Entities. However, there can be no 
assurance that the integration of Liberty Target Entities may be successful or go as planned and it may involve higher costs 
than expected or require more resources than initially planned. Such integration may require considerable personnel capacities 
and financial resources. For a successful integration, it is also important to integrate the portfolios and existing staff of the 
companies, connect different company cultures, harmonise IT-Systems and put into place common processes for the integrated 
group. The integration may result in negative effects for contractual or legal positions. 
The occurrence of any of the risks set out above could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and 
financial condition of Talanx. 
The benefits that Talanx may realise from the Liberty Seguros Acquisition could be materially different from the Group's 
expectations. 
Any acquisition, including the Liberty Seguros Acquisition, carries the risk that incorrect valuation assumptions are made and 
that the price paid is therefore too high, or that the acquired company or business does not develop as expected, and that 
earnings and sales targets pursued are not achieved. Further, the Group may not be able to realise the anticipated synergies, 
transfer of know-how or other benefits that it intends to achieve from the acquisition or takeover. 
Moreover, there can be no guarantee that all circumstances, material for the evaluation of the target, are known to Talanx prior 
to an investment decision. Should important, previously unknown, circumstances material for the evaluation of Liberty Target 
Entities arise subsequently, this could lead to a deterioration of the economic results of the acquisition. 
In addition, the purchase of companies or parts of companies entails further risks, including: 
• 
unexpected losses of key employees of the acquired operations; 
• 
extraordinary or unexpected legal, regulatory, contractual or other costs; 
• 
potential reputational risks with regard to the target company and its management; 
• 
difficulties in integrating the acquired business with existing operations; 
• 
challenges in managing the increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of the Group's operations; 
• 
significant impairment charges; 
• 
mitigating contingent and/or assumed liabilities; 
• 
potential tax risks; and 
• 
control issues in relation to acquisitions where the Group does not exercise sole control. 
Acquisitions and investments may require substantial funds, or cause the Group to incur additional debt or to assume loss-
making businesses. Talanx cannot guarantee that the Liberty Seguros Acquisition will yield benefits that are sufficient to 
justify the expenses the Group has incurred. 
All of the above mentioned factors could materially and adversely affect Talanx's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The risk factors relating to the Notes are presented in categories depending on their nature with the most material risk factor 
presented first in each category: 
1. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
2. 
Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
3. 
Risks regarding Subordinated Notes
1. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
Noteholders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments. 
Any person who purchases the Notes is relying on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and has no rights against any other person. 
Noteholders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments that 
the Issuer is obliged to make under the Notes. A materialisation of the credit risk (for example, due to the materialisation of 
any of the "Risk Factors relating to the Issuer and Talanx Group" above) may result in partial or total failure of the Issuer to

--- Page 26 ---
26 
make interest and/or redemption payments under the Notes. This risk is aggravated by the fact that the Notes are unsecured 
and could result in a partial or total loss of the Noteholder's investment in the Notes. 
Risk that the market value of the Notes could decrease if the creditworthiness of the Issuer worsens.
If the likelihood decreases that the Issuer will be in a position to fully perform all obligations under the Notes when they fall 
due for example, because of the materialisation of any of the risks regarding Talanx AG or Talanx Group, the market value of 
the Notes will fall. Even if the likelihood that the Issuer will be in a position to fully perform all obligations under the Notes, 
when they fall due actually has not decreased, market participants could nevertheless have a different perception, and such a 
(mis-)perception would very likely lead to a reduction in the market value of the Notes. 
Furthermore, market participants' assessment of the creditworthiness of corporate debtors in general or debtors operating in 
the same business as the Talanx Group could adversely change. If any of these risks occur, third parties would only be willing 
to purchase the Notes for a lower price than before the materialisation of said risk. The market value of the Notes is likely to 
decrease. 
The Notes will be effectively subordinated to the Group's debt to the extent such debt is secured by assets that are not also 
securing the Notes. 
Although the Terms and Conditions restrict the Issuer's ability to provide asset security for the benefit of other debt and require 
the Issuer to secure the Notes equally if they provide security for the benefit of Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions), the requirement to provide equal security to the Notes is subject to a number of significant exceptions 
and carve-outs. To the extent the Issuer provides asset security for the benefit of other debt without also securing the Notes, 
the Notes will be effectively junior to such debt to the extent of such asset security. 
As a result of the foregoing, holders of any secured debt of the Group may recover disproportionately more on their claims 
than the Noteholders in an insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceeding. The Issuer may not have sufficient assets remaining 
to make payments on the Notes. 
The Notes are structurally subordinated to creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries. 
The Notes will not be guaranteed by any of the subsidiaries of the Issuer. Generally, claims of creditors of a subsidiary, 
including trade creditors, secured creditors and creditors holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by the subsidiary, will 
have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of the subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent company. In the 
event of a liquidation, winding-up or dissolution or a bankruptcy, administration, reorganization, insolvency, receivership, 
recovery and resolution or similar proceeding of any subsidiary of the Issuer, such subsidiary will pay the holders of its own 
debt (including holders of third-party debt which such subsidiaries have guaranteed) before they would be able to distribute 
any of their assets to the Issuer. As a result, the Issuer may not have sufficient assets to make payments on the Notes. 
Early redemption in case of certain events of default subject to a 10 per cent. quorum. 
The Terms and Conditions provide that, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring the Notes due and payable 
shall become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has received such default notices from Noteholders representing at least 
10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Series of Notes then outstanding. Noteholders should be aware that, as a 
result, they may not be able to accelerate their Notes upon the occurrence of certain events of default, unless the required 
quorum of Noteholders with respect to the Series of Notes delivers default notices. 
Market price risk. 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest rate levels, the 
policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type 
of Note. The Noteholders are therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of their Notes, 
which materialises if the Noteholders sell the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If a Noteholder decides to hold 
the Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In particular, a Noteholder of fixed rate Notes ("Fixed Rate Notes") is exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as 
a result of changes in the market interest rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital market ("market interest 
rate") typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of Fixed Rate Notes also changes, but 
in the opposite direction. More specifically, if the market interest rate increases, the price of such Notes typically falls, until 
the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, 
the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically increases, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest

--- Page 27 ---
27 
rate of comparable issues. If the Noteholder of Fixed Rate Notes holds such Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest 
rate are without relevance to such Noteholder as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the 
principal amount of such Notes. 
A Noteholder of floating rate Notes ("Floating Rate Notes") is particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate 
levels and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability of 
Floating Rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an 
indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
The subordinated Notes issued under this Programme ("Subordinated Notes") bear interest at a fixed rate and at a floating 
rate for the respective periods as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Therefore, the risks described above apply mutatis 
mutandis to Subordinated Notes. 
Liquidity risk. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Base Prospectus to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on the professional 
segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. However, Series of Notes issued under the Programme 
can also be listed on other stock exchanges or may not be listed at all, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Regardless of whether Series of Notes are listed or not, there is a risk that there may not be an active trading market in the 
Notes. The fact that Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes 
are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect 
the liquidity of the Notes adversely. 
The liquidity of a Series of Notes may also be subject to fluctuations during the term of such Notes and may deteriorate, in 
particular as a result of repurchases and redemptions. 
In an illiquid market, Noteholders are subject to the risk that it may not be possible to sell Notes at any time at what Noteholders 
would consider to be a fair market price. 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions by resolution of the Noteholders and appointment of a joint representative. 
Since the Terms and Conditions for a Series of Notes may be amended by the Issuer with consent of the relevant Noteholders 
by way of a majority resolution in a Noteholders' Meeting or by a vote not requiring a physical meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) as described in Sections 5 et seq. of the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen, "SchVG"), the Issuer may subsequently amend the Terms and Conditions with 
the consent of the majority of Noteholders as described in § 11 of the Terms and Conditions, which amendment will be binding 
on all Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes, even on those who voted against the change. As the relevant majority for 
Noteholders' resolutions is generally based on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series 
of Notes outstanding, any such resolution may technically be passed with the consent of less than a majority of the aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
Therefore, a Noteholder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Noteholders. As such majority 
resolution is binding on all Noteholders of a particular Series of Notes, certain rights of such Noteholder against the Issuer 
under the Terms and Conditions may be amended or reduced or cancelled, even for Noteholders who have declared their 
claims arising from the Notes due and payable but who have not received payment from the Issuer prior to the amendment 
taking effect, which may have significant negative effects on the value of the Notes and the return from the Notes. 
The Noteholders may by majority resolution provide for the appointment or dismissal of a joint representative. If a joint 
representative is appointed a Noteholder may be deprived of its individual right to pursue and enforce a part or all of its rights 
under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, such right passing to the Noteholders' joint representative who is then 
exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Noteholders. 
2. 
Risks related to the specific conditions of the Notes 
Risk of early redemption. 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes (in whole but not in part) at its option upon giving a notice of redemption in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions prior to the maturity date at par plus accrued interest if, as a result of a future change of the laws 
applicable in Germany, the Issuer will be obliged to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). 
If provided for in any Final Terms for a particular Series of Notes, the Notes may be redeemed prior to the maturity date (i) at 
the option of the Issuer on any specified Call Redemption Date, at the specified Call Redemption Amount (terms as defined

--- Page 28 ---
28 
in the Terms and Conditions) (ii) at par plus accrued interest if at any time the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the 
relevant Series outstanding is equal to or less than 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Series 
originally issued or (iii) at the option of the Noteholder on any specified Put Redemption Date at the specified Put Redemption 
Amount (terms as defined in the Terms and Conditions). If the Notes of any Series are redeemed earlier than expected by a 
Noteholder, a Noteholder is exposed to the risk that due to the early redemption his investment will have a lower than expected 
yield and to the risks connected with any reinvestment of the cash proceeds received as a result of the early redemption. The 
redemption amount may be lower than the then prevailing market price of and the purchase price for the Notes paid by the 
Noteholder for the Notes so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. 
Risk related to the Reform of Interest Rate "Benchmarks" and possible Replacement of a Benchmark. 
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes or of Subordinated Notes (but only as from the first reset date of the relevant Series 
of Subordinated Notes) are linked to EURIBOR (a "Benchmark" and together with other benchmarks, the "Benchmarks"). 
Benchmarks have, in recent years, been the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory review and reform, with 
further changes anticipated. These reforms have resulted in the cessation of certain Benchmarks, including Sterling London 
Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and Japanese Yen LIBOR, and the cessation of U.S. Dollar LIBOR at the end of June 
2023. Such reforms may cause other Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, a benchmark could be eliminated 
entirely or declared unrepresentative, or there could be other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a Benchmark. International proposals for reform of 
Benchmarks include in particular the Benchmarks Regulation which is fully applicable since 1 January 2018. 
Following the implementation of such reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may change, with the result that 
they perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there could be consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives could have a 
material adverse effect on the costs of obtaining exposure to a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have 
the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks. 
Investors should be aware that, if a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating 
Rate Notes or Subordinated Notes which are linked to or which reference such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant 
interest period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. 
If a Benchmark used to calculate interest amounts payable under any Notes for any interest period has ceased to be calculated 
or administered, the Issuer shall endeavour to appoint an independent adviser, which must be an independent financial 
institution of international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets. Such 
independent adviser will be tasked with determining whether an officially recognised successor rate to the discontinued 
Benchmark exists. If that is not the case, the independent adviser will attempt to find an alternative rate which, possibly after 
application of adjustments or spreads, can replace the discontinued Benchmark. If the independent adviser determines a 
successor rate or alternative rate (the "New Benchmark Rate"), such rate will replace the previous Benchmark for purposes 
of determining the relevant rate of interest. Such determination will be binding for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders of such Notes. Any amendments pursuant to these fallback provisions will apply with effect from 
the effective date specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
If the Issuer fails to appoint an independent adviser or if the independent adviser fails to determine a New Benchmark Rate 
prior to the relevant interest determination date, then the reference rate applicable to the immediately following interest period 
shall be the reference rate determined on the last interest determination date immediately preceding the relevant effective date. 
The replacement of a Benchmark could have adverse effects on the economic return of the Noteholders of the relevant Notes 
compared to the applicable original benchmark rate. 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as Green Bonds. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Notes may provide that an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the 
issuance of such Series of Notes will be used to finance or re-finance assets, investments and/or expenditures, including equity 
investments in projects, project finance and loans ("Eligible Green Projects") which promote climate, social and other 
environmental purposes. Talanx Group3 has established a framework for such issuances which further specifies the eligibility 
criteria for such Eligible Green Projects (the "Talanx Green Bond Framework") based on the recommendations included in 
the voluntary process guidelines for issuing green, social and sustainability bonds published by the International Capital Market 
3 
In the context of the Talanx Green Bond Framework, the term "Talanx Group", the "Group" or "Talanx Group" does not include Hannover Re SE and its 
subsidiaries.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Association ("ICMA") (the "ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021"). For a summary of the Talanx Green Bond Framework 
please refer to the section "Talanx Green Bond Framework" in this Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in this Base Prospectus and in the Talanx Green Bond Framework 
regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
No mandatory alignment with the EU Taxonomy Regulation and no compliance with the European Green Bond Standard. 
At the EU level, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the "EU 
Taxonomy Regulation"), which was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 22 June 2020 and entered 
into force on 12 July 2020, defined six environmental objectives and established a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investments in the European Union. The EU Taxonomy Regulation tasked the European Commission with establishing the 
actual list of environmentally sustainable activities by defining technical screening criteria for each environmental objective 
through delegated acts. The technical screening criteria for the activities which contribute to climate change adaptation and 
climate change mitigation have been in place since 1 January 2022 (the "EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act"). The 
technical screening criteria for the other environmental objectives, namely: sustainable use and protection of water and marine 
resources; transition to a circular economy; pollution prevention and control; and protection and restoration of biodiversity 
and ecosystems were adopted by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2486 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 27 June 2023, supplementing the EU Taxonomy Regulation. 
On 30 November 2023, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed 
as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds was published in the Official Journal of the European Union. 
This regulation entered into force on 20 December 2023 and will apply from 21 December 2024. The regulation introduces 
the "European Green Bond" as a voluntary label for issuers of green use of proceeds bonds. In order to use the "European 
Green Bond" label, issuers have to invest the proceeds from the issuance of the relevant instrument in economic activities 
aligned with the EU Taxonomy Regulation (subject to a flexibility pocket). Issuers further need to comply with comprehensive 
process and disclosure requirements (such requirements, the European Green Bond Standard - "EuGBS").  
Prospective investors should note that an alignment with the EU Taxonomy Regulation is not a mandatory element under the 
Talanx Green Bond Framework. Further, the issuance and documentation procedures set out by the Issuer in the Talanx Green 
Bond Framework are not aligned with the requirements of the EuGBS. 
Consequently, Notes issued under the Programme will not qualify as "European Green Bonds". Any Tranche of Notes issued 
under this Programme and referred to as a Green Bond will only comply with the criteria and processes set out in the Talanx 
Green Bond Framework. 
It is not clear at this stage what impact the EuGBS may have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds 
bonds that do not meet this standard. Once the EuGBS is applicable and instruments bearing the European Green Bond label 
are available in the market, this could reduce the demand and liquidity for Notes issued as Green Bonds by the Issuer, as well 
as their price. 
Other existing or future regulatory initiatives or voluntary standards and investor expectations. 
Due to the application of an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the issuance of such Series of Notes to finance or 
refinance Eligible Green Projects, the Issuer will refer to such Notes as "Green Bonds". 
There is currently no clearly defined term (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes or 
may be classified as, a "green" or an equivalently-labelled project. It is an area which has been, and continues to be, the subject 
of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies and 
objectives. While regulatory projects such as the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the EuGBS have made considerable progress, 
these standards are currently either voluntary or otherwise not universally applicable. 
No assurance can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the envisaged use of proceeds of the relevant Notes 
by the Issuer to finance or refinance any Eligible Green Projects in accordance with the Talanx Green Bond Framework will 
satisfy, either in whole or in part, any existing or future legislative or regulatory requirements or voluntary standards unless 
such compliance is explicitly stated in this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the envisaged use of proceeds of relevant Notes by the 
Issuer for any Eligible Green Projects in accordance with the Talanx Green Bond Framework will satisfy any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its 
investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the

--- Page 30 ---
30 
relevant Eligible Green Projects. No assurance or representation is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers 
that the reporting under the Talanx Green Bond Framework will meet investor needs or expectations. 
Moreover, in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, sustainable and 
positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the Talanx Green Bond Framework may (or may not) be modified in the 
future to adapt any update that may be made to the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021 or any other voluntary standard or 
applicable regulation. Such changes may have a negative impact on the market value and the liquidity of the Notes issued prior 
to the amendment. 
Failure to comply with the intended use of proceeds will not give the Noteholders the right to terminate the Notes early. 
If so specified in the Final Terms for a Series of Notes, an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the relevant Notes will be 
used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility 
criteria set out in the section "Talanx Green Bond Framework" in this Base Prospectus and the Talanx Green Bond Framework. 
The Talanx Group has established a Green Bond Committee (the "Committee") which will strive to allocate the net proceeds 
of any such Notes within 24 months of issuance. Specific projects that are divested or discontinued, or that no longer meet the 
definition of Eligible Green Projects, will be removed from the portfolio of Eligible Green Projects. In this case the Committee 
will strive to replace the project with other Eligible Green Projects as soon as reasonably practicable. The Responsible 
Investment Committee will review and approve the management and allocation of the proceeds of issued Green Instruments 
to Eligible Green Projects at least every six months until all the proceeds of issued Green Instruments have been allocated. 
However, there can be no assurance by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that the relevant project(s) or 
use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such 
manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be disbursed in whole or in 
part for such Eligible Green Projects. Accordingly, it cannot be predicted whether and to what extent such proceeds of an issue 
of Notes will be disbursed for such Eligible Green Projects in whole or in part. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have 
undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Eligible Green Projects or the application, impact or monitoring 
of the use of proceeds of the relevant Notes. 
Investors should note that (i) any such event or any failure by the Issuer to do so or (ii) any failure to provide or publish any 
reporting or any (impact) assessment, or (iii) any failure to obtain any certification or label (or the withdrawal of any such 
certification or label or the Sustainalytics Opinion (as defined below)), or (iv) any Eligible Green Projects ceasing to be classed 
as such prior to maturity of the relevant Notes, or (v) the fact that the maturity of an Eligible Green Project may not match the 
minimum duration of the Notes, (a) will not constitute an event of default under the Notes or (b) will not give the Noteholders 
the right to otherwise early terminate and demand redemption of the Notes. 
A failure by the Issuer with regards to the use of proceeds at whatever point in time (i.e. being initial allocation of the funds, 
subsequent reallocation) or with regard to the expected performance of the Eligible Green Projects (including the loss of the 
green feature of the original project, for example), as well as the existence of a potential mismatch between the duration of the 
Eligible Green Projects and the duration of the instrument will neither lead to an obligation for the Issuer to redeem the Notes 
nor will it, in the case of Subordinated Notes, jeopardise the qualification of the Notes as own funds of the Issuer. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of relevant Notes will be made from the Issuer's general funds and will not be 
directly linked to the performance of any Eligible Green Projects (or any other environmental or similar targets set by the 
Issuer). 
Second Party Opinion. 
No assurance or representation can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of the second party opinion dated 4 October 2021 issued by Sustainalytics in relation to the Talanx Green 
Bond Framework (the "Sustainalytics Opinion") or any other opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any 
Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria (each a "Second Party 
Opinion"). Any such Second Party Opinion may not address risks that may affect the value of any Notes issued under the 
Talanx Green Bond Framework or any Eligible Green Projects against which the Issuer may assign the proceeds of any Notes. 
Any such Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended 
to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, 
marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. Any such Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not 
a statement of fact. Any such Second Party Opinion is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes. Any such Second Party Opinion is only current as of 
the date that opinion was initially issued and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant provider(s) at any time.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such Second Party Opinion and/or the information 
contained therein and/or the provider of such Second Party Opinion for the purpose of any investment in any Notes. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. There can be no assurance that Noteholders will have any recourse against the provider(s) of any Second Party 
Opinion. 
Listing of Notes on dedicated stock exchange segments or platforms or inclusion in dedicated indices. 
In the event that any Series of Notes is listed or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Green Exchange or any other dedicated 
"ESG", "green", "environmental", "sustainability", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated) or included in any index so labelled, no representation or assurance is given by 
the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such listing, admission or inclusion satisfies, whether in whole 
or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with 
which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listing, admission to trading or inclusion in 
any index may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or 
made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing, admission to trading or inclusion in 
any index will be obtained in respect of any Series of Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing, admission to trading or 
inclusion in any index will be maintained during the life of that Series of Notes. 
Summary of potential implications for Noteholders. 
Any of the risks mentioned above and in particular (i) the non-compliance of the Notes with the EuGBS and any other future 
voluntary or regulatory standard for sustainable instruments, (ii) a failure to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any 
issue of Notes for any Eligible Green Projects, (iii) the withdrawal of the Sustainalytics Opinion or (iv) the Notes ceasing to 
be listed, admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market or included in any dedicated index may 
have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended 
to finance or refinance similar Eligible Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Potential investors should be aware that Green Bonds may be unsubordinated Notes or Subordinated Notes and should 
therefore also consider the relevant risk factors in relation to such Notes. 
3. 
Risk regarding Subordinated Notes 
Risks resulting from the subordination of the Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes (whether green bonds or otherwise) will be unsecured subordinated (including subordination to 
liabilities under reinsurance contracts concluded with any ceding insurance companies (ceding insurers) and liabilities of the 
Issuer to all beneficiaries under insurance contracts) obligations of the Issuer ranking (i) pari passu among themselves and 
(ii) subordinated to the Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations. There is a significant risk that Noteholders will lose all or some 
of their investment. 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations" means (i) all unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, (ii) all legally subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer pursuant to § 39(1) of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung), (iii) all subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking at least pari passu with the Issuer's legally subordinated obligations pursuant to § 39(1) of 
the German Insolvency Code, and (iv) all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer required to be preferred to the obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes by mandatory provisions of law. In addition, there is no restriction on the amount or type of 
further securities or indebtedness that the Issuer may issue, incur or guarantee, as the case may be, that rank senior to, or pari 
passu with, the Notes. 
In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or insolvency of the Issuer or the composition or any other proceedings for the 
avoidance of insolvency of the Issuer, the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes will be fully subordinated to the Issuer's 
Senior Ranking Obligations. In any such event, payments will not be made under the Notes until all claims ranking senior to 
the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied in full. 
Noteholders must be aware that, in the circumstances described above, (i) the Issuer will make payments in respect of the 
Notes only in accordance with the subordination described above, and (ii) the rights of the Noteholders under the Notes will 
be subject to the provisions of insolvency laws applicable to the Issuer from time to time. In a liquidation, dissolution, 
insolvency, composition or other proceeding for the avoidance of insolvency of, or against, the Issuer, it is very likely that the 
Noteholders may recover nothing at all or significantly less than the holders of unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
Furthermore, Noteholders will have limited ability to influence the outcome of any insolvency proceedings or a restructuring

--- Page 32 ---
32 
outside insolvency. In particular, in insolvency proceedings over the assets of the Issuer, holders of subordinated debt, such as 
the Notes, will not have any right to vote in the assembly of creditors (Gläubigerversammlung) pursuant to the German 
Insolvency Code. 
In addition to limitations on the payment of interest, arrears of interest and principal (as described below in more detail), the 
Terms and Conditions provide for a pre-insolvency payment prohibition. This means that irrespective of, and even prior to the 
commencement of any insolvency or liquidation proceedings over the assets of the Issuer, the Issuer is prohibited from making 
scheduled payments of interest, payments of arrears of interest or from redeeming the Notes if any reason for the opening of 
insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer in accordance with the applicable insolvency regulations exists (regardless of 
whether the commencement of insolvency proceedings has been applied for) or if the payment of the relevant amount would 
itself cause the insolvency of the Issuer or accelerate the process of the Issuer becoming insolvent. This provision on 
subordination constitutes a prohibition on payments to the effect that payments on the Notes may only be made by the Issuer 
in accordance with the aforementioned conditions. Such a prohibition on payments may be in effect for an indefinite period of 
time or even permanently. Any payment made in violation of this prohibition must be repaid to the Issuer irrespective of any 
agreement to the contrary. 
Furthermore, if the Draft IRRD is finally adopted and implemented into national law, the competent resolution authority may 
order that all obstacles to resolution be eliminated and may also implement a range of measures including the use of resolution 
tools, pursuant to which, inter alia, these Notes could be written down or converted into shares (see "Risks in connection with 
the adoption of a recovery and resolution regime for insurers and reinsurers"). 
Risks relating to the nature of the Notes as long-term securities including the risk of a delay of redemption. 
The Subordinated Notes will be redeemed at par on the Scheduled Maturity Date (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) 
provided that on such date the conditions to redemption are satisfied. Before that date, the Issuer has, under certain conditions, 
the right to redeem or repurchase the Notes, but is under no obligation to redeem the Subordinated Notes, and the Noteholders 
have no right to require their redemption. 
The conditions to redemption must not only be met for any redemption of the Notes at the option the Issuer or following certain 
events prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). The conditions to redemption must also 
be satisfied, including on the Scheduled Maturity Date or thereafter. If the conditions to redemption are not met, in particular 
on the Scheduled Maturity Date, the redemption may be delayed for an indefinite period of time and Noteholders have no right 
to require the redemption of the Notes and may receive the amounts due upon redemption at a much later point in time than 
initially expected. 
In addition, Noteholders should be aware that the Terms and Conditions do not contain any event of default provisions that 
would allow Noteholders to accelerate the Notes on the occurrence of an event of default. 
Prospective investors should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in the Notes for a 
long period of time and may not recover their investment before the end of this period. 
Early redemption of the Subordinated Notes. 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes (in whole but not in part) at its option upon giving a notice of redemption in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions and subject to the conditions to redemption being satisfied, at par plus accrued interest (as further 
described in the Terms and Conditions) with effect as of each Optional Redemption Date (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions). The right of the Issuer to call and redeem the Notes may affect the market value of the Notes. During any period 
when the Issuer may, or may be perceived to be able to, elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. Certain market expectations may exist among 
Noteholders with regard to the Issuer making use of its option to call the Notes for redemption prior to their scheduled maturity. 
Should the Issuer's actions diverge from such expectations, or should the Issuer be prevented from meeting these expectations, 
the market value of the Notes may be adversely affected. 
In addition, the Issuer may prior to the first Optional Redemption Date redeem the Notes upon the occurrence of certain events 
described below at its option by giving a notice of redemption in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and subject to the 
conditions to redemption being satisfied, at any time at par plus any accrued interest (as further described in the Terms and 
Conditions) and (if applicable) any arrears of interest. Such events are deemed to have occurred: 
(i)
if, as a result of any change in, or amendment, supplement or clarification to, the laws, regulations or other rules, or 
as a result of any change in, or amendment, supplement or clarification to, the interpretation or application, or as a 
result of any interpretation or application made for the first time, of any such laws, regulations or other rules by any 
legislative body, court or authority (including the enactment of any legislation and the publication of any decision

--- Page 33 ---
33 
of any court or authority), which change, amendment, supplement or clarification becomes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the last tranche of the Notes (including in case any such change, amendment or clarification has 
retroactive effect), the tax treatment of the Notes changes (including but not limited to the tax deductibility of the 
interest expense related to the Notes or the obligation to pay additional amounts (as described in the Terms and 
Conditions)), which change, in the Issuer's own reasonable opinion, has a material adverse effect for the Issuer that 
it cannot avoid by taking such measures it (acting in good faith) deems reasonable and appropriate; or 
(ii)
if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes that would be likely to result in an exclusion of the 
Notes in full or in part from the tier 2 own-fund items of the Issuer and/or the Parent's Group (as defined below) 
(i.e., on an individual and/or consolidated basis) under the applicable supervisory requirements. This includes 
(without limitation) an event where the applicable supervisory requirements are supplemented or amended in relation 
to provisions specifically governing internationally active insurance groups (IAIG), and where, following such 
supplement and/or amendment, the Notes would likely not or no longer be recognized in full in the own-fund items 
in tier 2 or "additional capital" (in each case regardless of the terminology used by the applicable supervisory 
requirements so amended or supplemented) of the Issuer or the Parent's Group pursuant to such provisions, including 
after the expiration of transitional rules, if any; or 
(iii)
if a confirmation of a recognised auditing firm has been delivered to the Issuer, stating that as a result of any change 
in or amendment to the applicable accounting standards, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the date of issue of the Notes, must not or must no longer record the obligations under the Notes as liabilities on the 
balance sheet in the Issuer's annual consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the applicable 
accounting standards and this cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking such measures it (acting in good faith) deems 
appropriate; or 
(iv)
if as a consequence of a change or clarification of the rating methodology (or the interpretation thereof) on or after 
the interest commencement date, the treatment of the Notes with regards to measuring the capitalisation or the 
leverage of the Issuer or the Parent's Group by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or any of their respective 
successors (in each case including any affiliates) is, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, materially adversely 
affected; or 
(v)
if at any time the aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding is equal to or less than 20 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes previously issued. 
"Parent's Group" means the ultimate parent company of the Issuer and any company consolidated by the ultimate parent 
company under the applicable supervisory regulations for group solvency purposes. 
If the Notes are redeemed early, a Noteholder is exposed to the risk that due to the early redemption his investment will have 
a lower than expected yield and to the risks connected with any reinvestment of the cash proceeds received as a result of the 
early redemption. Such cash proceeds may be lower than the then prevailing market price of the Notes prevailing shortly prior 
to the publication of the respective call notice. The cash proceeds resulting from an early redemption may also be lower than 
the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder for the Notes so that the Noteholder in such case would incur a loss. 
Risks related to deferral of interest payments and restrictions on payments of arrears of interest. 
The Terms and Conditions restrict or prohibit the Issuer from making interest payments on the Notes under certain conditions. 
Compulsory deferral of interest payments will occur if a compulsory deferral event has occurred (for example, if a 
corresponding payment would result in, or accelerate, the occurrence of an insolvency event, if the competent supervisory 
authority prohibited payments under the Notes or if either a Solvency Capital Event (as defined below) that has occurred on 
or prior to such date is continuing on such date or the relevant payment would result in, or accelerate, the occurrence of a 
Solvency Capital Event, unless the conditions under the applicable supervisory regulations for the exceptional permission of 
the payment of the relevant interest and/or arrears of interest are met on the relevant date). If such a compulsory deferral event 
has occurred and is continuing on the relevant interest payment date, interest which accrued during the period ending on but 
excluding such interest payment date will not be due and payable (fällig) on that interest payment date. Any such non-payment 
will not constitute a default of the Issuer or any other breach of its obligations under the Notes or for any other purpose. 
A "Solvency Capital Event" will have occurred if any of the following events has occurred: 
(i)
the amount of own funds (Eigenmittel) (regardless of the terminology used by the applicable supervisory regulations) 
of the Issuer is not sufficient to cover the applicable Solo SCR or the applicable Solo MCR of the Issuer (both as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions); and/or

--- Page 34 ---
34 
(ii)
the amount of own funds (Eigenmittel) (regardless of the terminology used by the applicable supervisory regulations) 
of the Parent's Group is not sufficient to cover the applicable Group SCR or the applicable Group MCR(both as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions). 
Even in the absence of a compulsory deferral event, the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, elect to defer the payment of interest 
in whole or in part. Such optional interest deferral will be subject to certain conditions, including that neither a dividend 
payment has been resolved by the shareholders of the Issuer nor a payment on account of the balance sheet profit has been 
made by the Issuer, during the six month period prior to the relevant interest payment date. 
Interest deferred by the Issuer on a compulsory or optional basis will constitute arrears of interest, with no certainty for 
Noteholders as to when these arrears of interest will be paid. The Issuer will only be entitled to pay any arrear of interest if 
certain conditions, as further described in the Terms and Conditions, are satisfied. If on the date on which the optional 
settlement or compulsory settlement of arrears of interest was scheduled to be made a compulsory deferral event has occurred 
and is continuing, such arrears of interest will not become due and payable (fällig) on such date but will remain outstanding 
and will continue to be treated as arrears of interest. Such arrears of interest will become due only if the requirements for the 
optional settlement are fulfilled again (which requires a new election and notice by the Issuer), or if a compulsory settlement 
date occurs. 
Even if an event occurs that would result in a compulsory payment of arrears of interest (as further described in the Terms and 
Conditions) has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer is prohibited to pay such arrears of interest in case a compulsory deferral 
event occurs. Furthermore, arrears of interest will not bear interest and Noteholders will also not receive any other form of 
compensation in case of deferral. 
Risks in connection with the adoption of a recovery and resolution regime for insurers and reinsurers. 
On 23 April 2024, the final compromise text of the European Commission's proposal from 22 September 2021 for an Insurance 
Recovery and Resolution Directive, which was published as a result of the trilogue procedure on 24 January 2024, was adopted 
by the European Parliament. If this Draft IRRD is finally adopted and implemented into national law, the IRRD may impact 
the Issuer's and Talanx Group's capitalization and will allow authorities to protect policyholders, beneficiaries and claimants, 
maintain financial stability, ensure the continuity of the (re)insurer's critical functions and protect public funds by minimizing 
reliance on extraordinary public financial support. 
According to the Draft IRRD, national resolution authorities will be provided with comprehensive and effective intervention 
powers to prepare for and deal with (near) failures of (re)insurers at national level and cooperation arrangements to tackle 
cross-border (re)insurance failures. To this end, it is proposed that the resolution authorities are provided with necessary powers 
to apply the resolution tools (as defined in the Draft IRRD) to undertakings that meet the applicable conditions for resolution. 
One of the resolution tools proposed in the Draft IRRD is the power of the competent resolution authority to write down or 
convert (into shares) capital instruments and eligible liabilities (which may include senior notes issued by the undertaking such 
as senior Notes issued by Talanx under the Programme) if the undertaking is failing or likely to fail and certain other conditions 
are met, or if the conditions for group resolution are met. Details of the relevant resolution triggers remain to be determined in 
the implementation into German legislation. 
The Draft IRRD further specifies that in certain circumstances the resolution authority shall exercise the power to write down 
or convert capital instruments and eligible liabilities, individually or in combination with another resolution tool. 
Normal insolvency proceedings will remain the alternative path for the whole or parts of a (re)insurer that cannot be resolved, 
and the Draft IRRD provides for a no creditor worse off principle, meaning that no creditor shall be worse off in resolution 
than in normal insolvency proceedings, the exact extent of which remains to be determined. 
It is not yet possible to assess the full impact of the Draft IRRD or any corresponding implementation in German legislation. 
Once the Draft IRRD or similar provisions have entered into force and have been implemented into German law, they may, 
despite the no creditor worse off principle being applicable, severely affect the rights of the Noteholders and may result in the 
loss of their entire investment in the event of resolution of Talanx. Any perceptions in the market that these provisions may 
become applicable to Talanx may reduce the market value of the Notes even before Talanx has actually reached the point of 
non-viability or resolution.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche of Notes 
(the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth 
below (the "Terms and Conditions") as further specified by the Final Terms (the "Final Terms") as described below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms provide for the 
Issuer to choose between the following Options: 

Option I - Terms and Conditions for Fixed Rate Notes; 

Option II - Terms and Conditions for Floating Rate Notes; and 

Option III - Terms and Conditions for Subordinated Notes. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 

The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of Option I, Option II or 
Option III, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable to the individual issue of 
Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of 
Terms and Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to each global note representing the 
Notes of the relevant Tranche. 

Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I, Option II or Option III and of the respective further 
options contained in each of Option I, Option II or Option III are applicable to the individual issue by referring to the 
relevant provisions of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus only. The Final Terms 
will specify that the information contained in Part I of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as 
set out in the Base Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing a particular 
Tranche of Notes will have the information contained in Part I of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus attached. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I, Option II or Option III shall be applicable to the individual issue of 
Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I, Option II or Option III contains also certain further options 
(characterized by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the 
left of or in square brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus) as 
well as placeholders (characterized by square brackets which include the relevant items) which will be determined by the Final 
Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the relevant provisions 
in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as 
set out in the Base Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer to an alternative or optional provision or such alternative or 
optional provision is not replicated therein it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Completion of Placeholders
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions will be 
completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall 
constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information 
contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions and any 
footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Controlling Language
The Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language in the Conditions.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
Einführung 
Die 
Anleihebedingungen 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Anleihebedingungen") sind nachfolgend in drei 
Optionen aufgeführt: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the 
"Terms and Conditions") are set forth below for 
three options: 
Introduction 
Option 
I 
umfasst 
den 
Satz 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von nicht 
nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions 
that 
apply 
to 
Tranches 
of 
unsubordinated Fixed Rate Notes. 
Option 
II 
umfasst 
den 
Satz 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von in 
Euro 
denominierten 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung 
Anwendung findet. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions that apply to Tranches of Euro 
denominated unsubordinated Floating Rate Notes. 
Option 
III 
umfasst 
den 
Satz 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von in 
Euro 
denominierten 
nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fest- bzw. variabler 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Option III comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions that apply to Tranches of Euro 
denominated subordinated Fixed to Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede dieser 
Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die 
entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die 
jeweilige 
optionale 
Bestimmung 
durch 
Instruktionen und Erklärungen entweder links von 
dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen oder in eckigen 
Klammern 
innerhalb 
des 
Satzes 
der 
Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet wird. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these 
Options contains certain further options, which are 
characterised accordingly by indicating the 
respective optional provision through instructions 
and explanatory notes set out either on the left of 
or in square brackets within the set of Terms and 
Conditions. 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die 
Emittentin festlegen, welche der Option I, 
Option II oder Option III (einschließlich der 
jeweils 
enthaltenen 
bestimmten 
weiteren 
Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet, indem 
entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt 
werden oder auf die betreffenden Optionen 
verwiesen wird. 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which 
of the Option I, Option II or Option III including 
certain 
further 
options 
contained 
therein, 
respectively, shall apply with respect to an 
individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the 
relevant provisions or by referring to the relevant 
options. 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung 
des 
Basisprospektes 
keine 
Kenntnis 
von 
bestimmten Angaben hatte, die auf eine einzelne 
Emission von Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar 
sind, enthält dieser Basisprospekt Leerstellen in 
eckigen Klammern, die die maßgeblichen durch 
die 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
zu 
vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
To the extent that upon the approval of the Base 
Prospectus the Issuer does not have knowledge of 
certain items which are applicable to an individual 
issue of Notes, this Base Prospectus contains 
placeholders set out in square brackets which 
include the relevant items that will be completed 
by the Final Terms. 
Im Fall, dass die 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen, die 
für eine einzelne 
Emission 
anwendbar sind, 
nur auf die 
weiteren Optionen 
verweisen, die im 
Satz der 
Anleihebedingunge
n der Option I, 
Option II oder 
Option III 
enthalten sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Die 
Bestimmungen 
der 
nachstehenden 
Anleihebedingungen 
gelten 
für 
diese 
Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch die 
Angaben 
der 
beigefügten 
endgültigen 
Bedingungen (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") 
vervollständigt werden. Die Leerstellen in den auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten 
als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die 
Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen 
durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären; alternative 
oder 
wählbare 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen, deren Entsprechungen in 
den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht ausdrücklich 
ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als aus 
diesen Anleihebedingungen gestrichen; sämtliche 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
(einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen 
und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus 
diesen Anleihebedingungen gestrichen, so dass die 
Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen 
Geltung 
erhalten. 
Kopien 
der 
Endgültigen 
[The provisions of the following Terms and 
Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by the 
final terms which are attached hereto (the "Final 
Terms"). The blanks in the provisions of these 
Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the 
Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the 
information contained in the Final Terms as if such 
information were inserted in the blanks of such 
provisions; alternative or optional provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions as to which the 
corresponding provisions of the Final Terms are 
not completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be 
deleted from these Terms and Conditions; and all 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions which 
are 
inapplicable 
to 
the 
Notes 
(including 
instructions, explanatory notes and text set out in 
square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Terms and Conditions, as required to 
give effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies 
of the Final Terms may be obtained free of charge 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and at the 
specified office of any further Paying Agent(s), if 
any, provided that, in the case of Notes which are 
not listed on any stock exchange, copies of the 
In the case the 
Final Terms 
applicable to an 
individual issue 
only refer to the 
further options 
contained in the 
set of Terms and 
Conditions for 
Option I, Option 
II or Option III, 
the following 
applies

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Bedingungen sind kostenlos bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle und bei den 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen jeder zusätzlichen 
Zahlstelle, sofern vorhanden, erhältlich; bei nicht 
an einer Börse notierten Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
Kopien 
der 
betreffenden 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen allerdings ausschließlich für die 
Anleihegläubiger solcher Schuldverschreibungen 
erhältlich.] 
relevant Final Terms will only be available to 
Noteholders of such Notes.]

--- Page 39 ---
39 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply to unsubordinated Fixed Rate Notes 
OPTION I – Anleihebedingungen für 
nicht nachrangige Schuldverschrei-
bungen mit fester Verzinsung 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions 
that apply to unsubordinated Fixed 
Rate Notes 
ANLEIHE 
BEDINGUNGEN  
Deutschsprachige Fassung 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
NOTES 
English Language Version 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) 
Währung; Stückelung.
(1) 
Currency; Denomination.
Diese Serie der Schuldverschreibungen 
der Talanx Aktiengesellschaft (die 
"Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte 
Währung einfügen] (die "festgelegte 
Währung") 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar:
(vorbehaltlich § 1(4))] von [festgelegte 
Währung einfügen] [Gesamtnennbetrag 
einfügen] 
(in 
Worten: 
[festgelegte 
Währung einfügen] [Gesamtnennbetrag 
in Worten einfügen]), eingeteilt in 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen" und jeweils 
eine "Schuldverschreibung") mit einer 
festgelegten 
Stückelung 
von 
[festgelegte Stückelung einfügen]4 (die 
"festgelegte 
Stückelung") 
je 
Schuldverschreibung, begeben.
This 
series 
of 
notes 
of 
Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft (the "Issuer") is 
being 
issued 
in 
[insert Specified 
Currency] (the "Specified Currency") 
in the aggregate principal amount [in 
the case the global note is an NGN the 
following applies: , subject to § 1(4),]
of [insert Specified Currency] [insert 
aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[insert Specified Currency]
[insert 
aggregate principal amount in words]), 
divided into notes (the "Notes" and each 
a "Note") in the specified denomination 
of [insert specified denomination]5 (the 
"Specified Denomination") per Note.
(2) 
Form. 
(2) 
Form. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber. 
The Notes are being issued in bearer 
form. 
Im Falle von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die durch eine 
Dauerglo-
balurkunde 
verbrieft sind, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(3) 
Dauerglobalurkunde. 
[(3) 
Permanent Global Note. 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are represen-
ted by a 
Permanent 
Global Note 
the following 
applies 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt 
die 
eigenhändigen 
oder 
faksimilierten 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter 
Vertreter 
der 
Emittentin[,] [und] ist von dem Fiscal 
Agent oder in dessen Namen mit einer 
eigenhändigen 
oder 
faksimilierten 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen [im Falle 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Name der ICSDs verwahrt werden, 
und die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: und trägt die 
eigenhändige 
oder 
faksimilierte 
Unterschrift von oder im Namen des 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers 
(common safekeeper)]. Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine 
werden 
nicht 
ausgegeben.]
The Notes are represented by a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall bear the 
handwritten or facsimile signatures of 
authorised signatories of the Issuer[,]
[and] is provided with a handwritten or 
facsimile control signature by or on 
behalf of the Fiscal Agent [in the case 
of Notes kept in custody on behalf of 
the ICSDs and the global note is an 
NGN the following applies: and bears 
the handwritten or facsimile signature 
by or on behalf of the common 
safekeeper]. 
Definitive 
Notes 
and 
interest coupons will not be issued.]
4 
Mindestens EUR 100.000 oder der Gegenwert dieses Betrags in einer anderen Währung. 
5 
No less than EUR 100,000 or equivalent in other currency.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Im Falle von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die anfänglich 
durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalur-
kunde ver-
brieft sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[(3) 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
[(3) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are initially 
represented by 
a Temporary 
Global Note 
the following 
applies 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde wird 
gegen Schuldverschreibungen in 
der festgelegten Stückelung, die 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, 
ausgetauscht. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils die eigenhändigen oder 
faksimilierten 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmäch-
tigter Vertreter der Emittentin[,]
[und] sind jeweils von dem 
Fiscal Agent oder in dessen 
Namen mit einer eigenhändigen 
oder faksimilierten Kontroll-
unterschrift versehen [im Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die im Name der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, und die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: und 
tragen die eigenhändige oder 
faksimilierte Unterschrift von 
oder 
im 
Namen 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers (common 
safekeeper)]. 
Einzelurkunden 
und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. 
(a) 
The 
Notes 
are 
initially 
represented by a temporary 
global note (the "Temporary
Global Note") without coupons. 
The Temporary Global Note will 
be exchangeable for Notes in the 
Specified 
Denomination 
represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") without coupons. 
The Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note shall 
each bear the handwritten or 
facsimile 
signatures 
of 
authorised signatories of the 
Issuer[,] [and] are provided with 
a 
handwritten 
or 
facsimile 
control signatures by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent [in the case 
of Notes kept in custody on 
behalf of the ICSDs and the 
global note is an NGN the 
following applies: and each bear 
the handwritten or facsimile 
signature by or on behalf of the 
common safekeeper]. Definitive 
Notes and interest coupons will 
not be issued. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird frühestens an einem Tag 
gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde 
austauschbar, der 40 Tage nach 
dem Tag der Begebung der durch 
die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
liegt. 
Ein solcher Austausch wird nur 
nach 
Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. 
Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der 
oder 
die 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U.S.-Personen 
sind 
(ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte 
Personen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über 
solche Finanzinstitute halten). 
Zinszahlungen auf durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
erst 
nach 
Vorlage 
solcher 
Bescheinigungen. 
Eine 
gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für 
jede 
solche 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach 
dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der 
Ausgabe der durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note 
shall be exchangeable for the 
Permanent Global Note from a 
date 40 days after the date of 
issue of the Notes represented by 
the Temporary Global Note. 
Such exchange shall only be 
made 
upon 
delivery 
of 
certifications to the effect that the 
beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes 
represented 
by 
the 
Temporary Global Note is not a 
U.S. person (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through 
such financial institutions) as 
required by U.S. tax law. 
Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be made only 
after 
delivery 
of 
such 
certifications. 
A 
separate 
certification shall be required in 
respect of each such payment of 
interest. Any such certification 
received on or after the 40th day 
after the date of issue of the 
Notes 
represented 
by 
the 
Temporary Global Note will be 
treated as a request to exchange 
such Temporary Global Note in 
accordance with this § 1(3)(b). 
Any 
securities delivered 
in 
exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered

--- Page 41 ---
41 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt 
werden, 
diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß diesem 
§ 1(3)(b) 
auszutauschen. 
Wertpapiere, die im Austausch 
für die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
geliefert werden, dürfen nur 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) geliefert werden. 
only outside of the United States 
(as defined below). 
"Vereinigte 
Staaten" 
die 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
von 
Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District 
of 
Columbia) 
sowie 
deren 
Territorien 
(einschließlich 
Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin 
Islands, 
Guam, 
American 
Samoa, 
Wake 
Island 
und 
Northern Mariana Islands).]
"United States" means the 
United 
States 
of 
America 
(including the States thereof and 
the District of Columbia) and its 
possessions (including Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake 
Island and Northern Mariana 
Islands).]
(4) 
Clearing System. 
(4) 
Clearing System.
Die 
Globalurkunde, 
die 
die 
Schuldverschreibung verbrieft, wird 
von einem oder für ein Clearing System 
verwahrt. 
"Clearing 
System" 
bezeichnet [bei mehr als einem 
Clearing 
System 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
jeweils] 
Folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland ("CBF")]
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue 
JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 
Luxemburg, 
Großherzogtum Luxemburg ("CBL") 
und Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard 
du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien 
("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die 
"ICSDs")]
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
The global note representing the Notes 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf 
of the Clearing System. "Clearing 
System" means [if more than one 
Clearing 
System 
the 
following 
applies: 
each 
of] 
the 
following: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Federal Republic of Germany ("CBF")]
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue 
JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL") and 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du 
Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium 
("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each 
an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")]
and any successor in such capacity. 
Im Falle von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die im Namen 
der ICSDs 
verwahrt wer-
den, und falls 
die Globalur-
kunde eine 
NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in 
Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben 
und 
von 
einem 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
(common safekeeper) im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt. 
[The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common safekeeper on behalf of 
both ICSDs. 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on 
behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is 
an NGN the 
following 
applies 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem 
jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. 
Die 
Register der ICSDs (unter denen die 
Register zu verstehen sind, die jeder 
ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres 
Anteils 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) 
sind 
maßgeblicher 
Nachweis 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages der durch die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und eine für zu 
diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem 
Betrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist maßgebliche 
Bescheinigung des Inhalts des Registers 
The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes represented by the global note 
shall be the aggregate amount from time 
to time entered in the records of both 
ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records 
that each ICSD holds for its customers 
which reflect the amount of such 
customer's interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes represented 
by the global note and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD 
stating the amount of Notes so 
represented at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of 
the relevant ICSD at that time.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
des 
betreffenden 
ICSD 
zu 
dem 
fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei 
jeder 
Tilgung 
oder 
einer 
Zinszahlung 
auf 
die 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf 
und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt 
die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten 
der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des 
Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich der 
Globalurkunde entsprechend in die 
Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden, 
und 
dass 
nach 
dieser 
Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der 
in 
die 
Register 
der 
ICSDs 
aufgenommenen 
und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen 
wird. 
On any redemption or payment of 
interest being made in respect of, or 
purchase and cancellation of, any of the 
Notes represented by the global note the 
Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption, payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in 
respect of the global note shall be 
entered accordingly in the records of the 
ICSDs and, upon any such entry being 
made, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the global 
note shall be reduced by the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
Bei Austausch nur eines Teils von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, 
dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs 
entsprechend in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommen werden.]
On an exchange of a portion only of the 
Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that details of such exchange shall be 
entered accordingly in the records of the 
ICSDs.]
Im Falle von 
Schuldver-
schrei-bungen, 
die im Namen 
der ICSDs 
verwahrt wer-
den, und falls 
die Globalur-
kunde eine 
CGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in 
Form einer Classical Global Note
("CGN") ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt.]
[The Notes are issued in classical global 
note ("CGN") form and are kept in 
custody by a common depositary on 
behalf of both ICSDs.]
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on 
behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is a 
CGN the 
following 
applies 
(5) 
Anleihegläubiger. 
(5) 
Noteholders. 
"Anleihegläubiger" bezeichnet jeden 
Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
[der][den] Globalurkunde[n]. 
"Noteholder" means any holder of a 
proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the global 
note[s]. 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE OF THE 
ISSUER 
(1) 
Status. 
(1) 
Status. 
Die 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht 
besicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nicht 
besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit 
diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch 
zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen 
ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
The obligations under the Notes 
constitute 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
ranking pari passu among themselves 
and pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, unless such obligations are 
accorded priority under mandatory 
provisions of statutory law. 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. 
(2) 
Negative Pledge. 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich solange 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ausstehen, 
The Issuer undertakes as long as any 
Notes are outstanding, but only up to the

--- Page 43 ---
43 
jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem 
alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen dem 
Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung gestellt 
worden 
sind, 
für 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, 
ein-
schließlich 
dafür 
übernommener 
Garantien 
und 
sonstiger 
Gewähr-
leistungen, 
keine 
dinglichen 
Sicherheiten an ihren derzeitigen oder 
zukünftigen 
Vermögensgegenständen 
für 
andere 
Kapitalmarktverbind-
lichkeiten 
zu 
bestellen 
oder 
aufrechtzuerhalten, sofern nicht die 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen zugleich oder 
zuvor gleichrangig und anteilig an einer 
solchen 
Sicherheit teilhaben, oder 
diesbezüglich eine Sicherheit oder 
Garantie oder anderweitige Haftungs-
vereinbarung 
zu 
im 
Wesentlichen 
gleichen Bedingungen gewährt wird. 
Die 
Verpflichtung 
nach 
dem 
vorhergehenden Satz besteht jedoch 
nicht für solche Sicherheiten, die 
(i) nach 
anwendbaren 
Recht 
vorgeschrieben sind, oder (ii) im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
staatlichen 
Genehmigungen verlangt werden. Eine 
nach dem ersten Satz zu leistende 
Sicherheit kann auch gegenüber einem 
Treuhänder 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
bestellt werden. 
time at which all amounts of principal 
and interest have been placed at the 
disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to 
provide or permit to subsist any 
mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other 
encumbrance 
in 
rem 
(dingliche 
Sicherheit) upon any or all of its present 
or future assets for any other Capital 
Market Indebtedness, including any 
guarantees 
or 
other 
indemnities 
assumed in respect thereof, unless, at the 
same time or prior thereto, the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes are secured 
equally and rateably therewith or benefit 
from a security interest or guarantee or 
other 
assumption 
of 
liability 
in 
substantially identical terms thereto, as 
the case may be. The undertaking 
pursuant to the preceding sentence shall 
not apply to a security (i) which is 
mandatory according to applicable laws, 
or (ii) which is required as a prerequisite 
for 
governmental 
approvals. 
Any 
security which is to be provided 
pursuant to the first sentence may also 
be provided to a trustee on behalf of the 
Noteholders. 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet alle gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
bezüglich Geldaufnahmen (gleich ob 
Kapital, Aufgeld, Zinsen oder andere 
Beträge) der Emittentin oder eines 
Dritten in der Form von oder verbrieft 
durch (i) Schuldverschreibungen oder 
ähnlichen Wertpapieren, soweit sie an 
einer Börse oder im Freiverkehr notiert 
sind oder gehandelt werden können, 
oder (ii) Schuldscheindarlehen nach 
deutschem Recht. 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means 
any present or future indebtedness in 
respect of borrowed money (whether 
being principal, premium, interest or 
other amounts) of the Issuer or any third 
party which is in the form of, or 
represented by, (i) bonds or similar 
securities which are or are capable of 
being traded on any stock exchange or 
over-the-counter securities market, or 
(ii) certificates 
of 
indebtedness 
(Schuldscheindarlehen) governed by 
German law. 
§ 3 
ZINSEN
§ 3 
INTEREST
(1) 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage.
(1) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment 
Dates.
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
bezogen auf ihre festgelegte Stückelung 
verzinst, 
und 
zwar 
vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen]
(einschließlich) mit jährlich [Zinssatz 
einfügen]%. 
Die 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
jede 
Zinsperiode 
sind 
nachträglich 
am 
[Festzinstermin(e) einfügen] eines jeden 
Jahres 
zahlbar 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Zinszahlungstag"). 
Die 
erste 
Zinszahlung 
erfolgt 
am 
[erster 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] [sofern der 
erste Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste 
Jahrestag des Verzinsungsbeginns ist, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: und beläuft 
sich 
auf 
[anfänglicher 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
je 
festgelegte 
Stückelung einfügen].]
[Sofern der 
Endfälligkeitstag kein Festzinstermin 
ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die 
Zinsen für den Zeitraum ab dem [letzter 
dem Endfälligkeitstag vorausgehender 
The Notes bear interest on their 
Specified Denomination at the rate of 
[insert Rate of Interest]% per annum
from and including [insert Interest 
Commencement Date]. Interest on the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be 
payable in arrear on [insert Fixed 
Interest Date or Dates] in each year 
(each such date, an "Interest Payment 
Date"). The first payment of interest 
shall be made on [insert first Interest 
Payment Date]
[If first Interest 
Payment Date is not first anniversary 
of Interest Commencement Date, the 
following applies: and will amount to 
[insert initial broken amount per 
Specified Denomination].] [If Maturity 
Date is not a Fixed Interest Date, the 
following applies: Interest in respect of 
the period from and including [insert 
Fixed Interest Date preceding the 
Maturity Date] to but excluding the 
Maturity Date (as defined below) will

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Festzinstermin 
einfügen]
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Endfälligkeitstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) (ausschließlich) belaufen sich 
auf 
[abschließenden 
Bruchteil-
zinsbetrag je festgelegte Stückelung 
einfügen].]
amount to [insert final broken amount 
per Specified Denomination].]
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet jeden Zeit-
raum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (ein-
schließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszah-
lungstag (ausschließlich) und nachfol-
gend ab jedem Zinszahlungstag (ein-
schließlich) 
bis 
zu 
dem 
jeweils 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
"Interest Period" means each period 
from 
and 
including 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first Interest Payment Date and 
thereafter from and including each 
Interest Payment Date to but excluding 
the next following Interest Payment 
Date. 
(2) 
Ende des Zinslaufs.
(2) 
Accrual of Interest.
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet an dem 
Ende 
des 
Tages, 
der 
dem 
Tag 
vorausgeht, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung 
fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht zurückzahlt, ist die festgelegte 
Stückelung jeder Schuldverschreibung 
ab 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Fälligkeit 
(einschließlich) bis zu dem Tag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) 
in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten 
Zinssatzes 
für 
Verzugszinsen 
zu 
verzinsen.6
The Notes shall cease to bear interest 
from the end of the day preceding the 
date on which they fall due (fällig) for 
redemption. If the Issuer fails to redeem 
the Notes when due (fällig), each Note 
will bear interest on its Specified 
Denomination from and including the 
due date to but excluding the day of 
actual redemption of the Notes at the 
statutory default rate of interest.7
(3) 
Zinstagequotient.
(3) 
Day Count Fraction.
Zinsen für einen beliebigen Zeitraum 
[im Falle einer kurzen oder langen 
ersten 
oder 
letzten 
Zinsperiode 
einfügen: 
(ausgenommen 
ist 
ein 
etwaiger 
Zeitraum, 
für 
den 
ein 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
festgelegt 
ist)]
werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
des 
Zinstagequotienten berechnet.
Interest for any period of time [in case 
of a short or long first or last coupon 
insert: (other than any period of time for 
which a broken interest amount has been 
fixed)] will be calculated on the basis of 
the Day Count Fraction.
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet 
im 
Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines 
Zinsbetrages 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"):
"Day Count Fraction" means in respect 
of the calculation of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"):
Im Falle von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[(i) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
der 
Feststellungsperiode entspricht, 
in die er fällt, oder kürzer als 
diese ist, die Anzahl von Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch das Produkt aus 
(x) der Anzahl von Tagen in der 
betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode und (y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperioden, 
die 
üblicherweise in einem Jahr 
enden; und 
[(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal 
to 
or 
shorter 
than 
the 
Determination 
Period 
during 
which it falls, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
In the case of 
Actual/ Actual 
(ICMA) the 
following 
applies 
6 
Am Tag der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte 
über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz. 
7 
As of the date of issue of the Notes the default rate of interest for the year established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published 
by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).

--- Page 45 ---
45 
(ii) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger 
als eine Feststellungsperiode ist, 
die Summe aus 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is 
longer than one Determination 
Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
der Anzahl der 
Tage 
in 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungsz
eitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperio
de fallen, in der 
der 
Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum 
beginnt, dividiert 
durch das Produkt 
aus (x) der Anzahl 
der Tage in der 
betreffenden Fest-
stellungsperiode 
und (y) der Anzahl 
der Feststellungs-
perioden, 
die 
üblicherweise 
in 
einem Jahr enden; 
und
(A) 
the 
number 
of 
days 
in 
such 
Calculation Period 
falling 
in 
the 
Determination 
Period in which 
the 
Calculation 
Period 
begins 
divided 
by 
the 
product of (x) the 
number of days in 
such 
Determination 
Period and (y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods normally 
ending 
in 
any 
year; and
(B) 
die Anzahl der 
Tage 
in 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungsz
eitraum, die in die 
nachfolgende 
Feststellungsperio
de fallen, dividiert 
durch das Produkt 
aus (x) der Anzahl 
der Tage in der 
betreffenden Fest-
stellungsperiode 
und (y) der Anzahl 
der Feststellungs-
perioden, 
die 
üblicherweise 
in 
einem Jahr enden.
(B) 
the 
number 
of 
days 
in 
such 
Calculation Period 
falling in the next 
Determination 
Period divided by 
the product of (x) 
the 
number 
of 
days 
in 
such 
Determination 
Period and (y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods normally 
ending in any year.
Dabei gilt Folgendes:
Where:
"Feststellungsperiode" 
bezeichnet jeden Zeitraum ab 
einem 
Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich), 
der 
in 
ein 
beliebiges Jahr fällt, bis zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich). 
"Determination Period" means 
each period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year 
to 
but excluding 
the next 
Determination Date. 
"Feststellungstermin" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
[Feststellungstermin(e) 
einfügen].]
"Determination Date" means 
each 
[insert 
Determination 
Date(s)].]
Im Falle von 
Actual/ Actual 
(ISDA) ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage in 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
in 
ein 
Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der 
tatsächlichen Anzahl der Tage in dem 
Teil des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die 
in das Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 
366 und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl der 
Tage 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in 
[the actual number of days in the 
relevant Calculation Period divided by 
365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (A) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and 
(B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period not 
falling in a leap year divided by 365).]
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) the 
following 
applies

--- Page 46 ---
46 
ein Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 
365).]
Im Falle von 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen in 
dem betreffenden Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraum, dividiert durch 365.]
[the actual number of days in the 
relevant Calculation Period divided by 
365.]
In the case of 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) the 
following 
applies 
Im Falle von 
Actual/360 ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen in 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert 
durch 360.]
[the actual number of days in the 
relevant Calculation Period divided by 
360.]
In the case of 
Actual/360 the 
following 
applies 
Im Falle von 
30/360, 
360/360 oder 
Bond Basis ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[die Anzahl von Tagen in dem 
betreffenden Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß 
der nachfolgenden Formel: 
[the number of days in the relevant 
Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated pursuant to the following 
formula: 
In the case of 
30/360, 
360/360 or 
Bond Basis the 
following 
applies 
𝑍𝑇𝑄
=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
𝐷𝐶𝐹
=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"ZTQ" ist gleich der Zinstagequotient; 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction; 
"J1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, 
in 
das 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, 
in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"J2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, 
in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, 
in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M1" 
ist 
der 
Kalendermonat, 
ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed 
as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
ist 
der 
Kalendermonat, 
ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag 
fällt, der auf den letzten in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed 
as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"T1" 
ist 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt 
als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, 
in welchem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; und 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed 
as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"T2" ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, 
der 
auf 
den 
letzten 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt, 
es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und T1
ist größer als 29, in welchem Fall T2
gleich 30 ist.]
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a 
number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31 and D1
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30.]
Im Falle von 
30E/360 oder 
Eurobond 
Basis ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[die Anzahl von Tagen in dem 
betreffenden Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß 
der nachfolgenden Formel: 
[the number of days in the relevant 
Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated pursuant to the following 
formula: 
In the case of 
30E/360 or 
Eurobond 
Basis the 
following 
applies 
𝑍𝑇𝑄
=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
𝐷𝐶𝐹
=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where:

--- Page 47 ---
47 
"ZTQ" ist gleich der Zinstagequotient; 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction; 
"J1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, 
in 
das 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, 
in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"J2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, 
in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, 
in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M1" 
ist 
der 
Kalendermonat, 
ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed 
as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
ist 
der 
Kalendermonat, 
ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag 
fällt, der auf den letzten in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed 
as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"T1" 
ist 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt 
als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, 
in welchem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; und 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed 
as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"T2" ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, 
der 
auf 
den 
letzten 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt, 
es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall T2 gleich 30 ist.]
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a 
number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30.]
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) 
Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
(1) 
Payment of Principal and Interest. 
Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zinsen in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
nachstehenden § 4(2) an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift 
auf 
den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
Payment of principal and interest in 
respect of Notes shall be made, subject 
to § 4(2) below, to the Clearing System 
or to its order for credit to the accounts 
of the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System. 
Im Falle von 
Zinszahlungen 
auf eine 
vorläufige 
Global-
urkunde ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, erfolgt erst nach ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1(3)(b).]
[Payment 
of 
interest 
on 
Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global 
Note shall be made only upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).]
In the case of 
interest 
payable on a 
Temporary 
Global Note 
the following 
applies 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. 
(2) 
Manner of Payment.
Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher 
und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften 
und 
(ii) 
eines 
Einbehalts oder Abzugs, der aufgrund 
eines Vertrags wie in Abschnitt 1471(b) 
des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 
1986 (der "Code") beschrieben bzw. 
anderweitig gemäß den Abschnitten 
1471 bis 1474 des Code, aufgrund 
darunter getroffener Verordnungen oder 
Vereinbarungen, etwaiger offizieller 
Auslegungen davon, oder aufgrund von 
Gesetzen, die ein zwischenstaatliches 
Abkommen dazu umsetzen, erhoben 
wird, erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten Währung. 
Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and other 
laws and regulations and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or 
any 
law 
implementing 
an 
intergovernmental approach thereto, 
payments of amounts due in respect of 
the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
(3) 
Erfüllung. 
(3) 
Discharge. 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearing System oder an 
dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht 
befreit. 
The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System. 
(4) 
Zahltag. 
(4) 
Payment date.
Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf 
einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag ist, 
dann hat der Anleihegläubiger keinen 
Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten 
Tag, der ein Geschäftstag ist. Der 
Anleihegläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, 
weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Verspätung 
zu 
verlangen. 
If the date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Note is not a Business 
Day, then the Noteholder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next day 
that is a Business Day and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem das Clearing System sowie 
"Business Day" means any day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
the Clearing System and 
Bei nicht auf 
EUR 
lautenden 
Schuldverschr
eibungen ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte 
in 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en) 
einfügen] offen sind, um Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln.]
[commercial 
banks 
and 
foreign 
exchange markets in [insert relevant 
financial centre(s)] are open to settle 
payments.]
In the case of 
Notes not 
denominated 
in EUR the 
following 
applies 
Bei auf EUR 
lautenden 
Schuldverschr
eibungen ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[alle betroffenen Bereiche des Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement 
System 
des 
Eurosystems 
oder 
dessen 
Nachfolgesystem (T2) geöffnet sind, 
um Zahlungen abzuwickeln.]
[all relevant parts of the real-time gross 
settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem or any successor system 
(T2) are open to settle payments.]
In the case of 
Notes 
denominated 
in EUR the 
following 
applies 
(5) 
Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
(5) 
References to Principal and Interest. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge ein: die festgelegte Stückelung 
sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige 
auf 
oder 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit 
anwendbar, 
sämtliche 
gemäß 
§ 7 
zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
einschließen. 
References 
in 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions to principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: the Specified Denomination 
and any premium and any other amounts 
which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in these 
Terms and Conditions to interest in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts which may be payable under 
§ 7. 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG UND RÜCKKAUF
§ 5 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE
(1) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit.
(1) 
Final Redemption.
Soweit 
nicht 
zuvor 
bereits 
zurückgezahlt oder zurückgekauft und 
entwertet, 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrer 
festgelegten 
Stückelung 
am 
[Endfälligkeitstag 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Endfälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
To the extent not previously redeemed 
or repurchased and cancelled the Notes 
shall be redeemed at their Specified 
Denomination on [insert Maturity Date]
(the "Maturity Date").

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(2) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
[(2) 
Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer. 
If the Notes 
are subject to 
Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of 
the Issuer, the 
following 
applies 
(a) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
ausstehenden 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
[(insgesamt, 
jedoch 
nicht 
teilweise)]
[(insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise)]
unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
nicht weniger als 15 Tagen durch 
Mitteilung gemäß Buchstabe (b) 
vorzeitig zu kündigen und an 
dem/jedem 
der 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) zu 
dem/den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag/-beträgen 
(Call), 
wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben, 
zuzüglich bis zu dem jeweiligen 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Wahl-Rückzahl-
ungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurück-
zuzahlen. 
(a) 
The Issuer may call and redeem 
[(all but not some only of)] [(all 
or some only of)] the outstanding 
Notes upon giving not less than 
15 days' prior notice of early 
redemption in accordance with 
clause (b) on (any of) the Call 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
at 
the 
respective 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount(s) set forth below, 
together with accrued interest to 
but 
excluding 
the 
Call 
Redemption 
Date 
fixed 
for 
redemption. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) einfügen]8
[insert Call Redemption Date(s)]9
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Call) 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Call) 
einfügen]
[insert Call Redemption Amount(s)]
[Falls der Anleihegläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zu 
kündigen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Der 
Emittentin 
steht 
dieses 
Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf 
eine Schuldverschreibung zu, 
deren Rückzahlung bereits der 
Anleihegläubiger in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts nach § 5[(5)]
verlangt hat.] 
[If Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of 
the Noteholder the following 
applies: The Issuer may not 
exercise such option in respect of 
any Note which is the subject of 
the 
prior 
exercise 
by 
the 
Noteholder thereof of its option 
to require the redemption of such 
Note under § 5[(5)].] 
(b) 
Die 
Kündigung 
ist 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
§ 13 
mitzuteilen. Die Mitteilung hat 
die 
folgenden 
Angaben 
zu 
beinhalten: 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be 
given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 13. Such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject 
to redemption; 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese 
Serie ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt wird und 
im letzteren Fall den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
(ii) 
whether such series is to 
be redeemed in whole or 
in part only and, if in part 
only, 
the 
aggregate 
principal amount of the 
8 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) oder die anwendbare Beschreibung derselben einfügen, z.B. "jeden Geschäftstag ab dem [frühesten möglichen Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag einfügen] (einschließlich) bis zum Endfälligkeitstag (ausschließlich)". 
9 
Insert Call Redemption Date(s) or the applicable description thereof, e.g., "each Business Day during the period from and including [insert earliest possible 
Call Redemption Date] to but excluding the Maturity Date".

--- Page 50 ---
50 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
Notes which are to be 
redeemed; 
(iii) 
den für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call), 
der ein Geschäftstag sein 
muss; und 
(iii) 
the Call Redemption Date 
fixed 
for 
redemption 
which must be a Business 
Day; and 
(iv) 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag (Call), zu dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
(iv) 
the 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount at which such 
Notes are to be redeemed. 
[(c) 
Wenn 
die 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
nur 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt werden, werden 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
den 
Regeln 
des 
betreffenden 
Clearing Systems ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen in Form einer NGN 
begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
teilweise 
Rückzahlung 
wird 
in 
den 
Registern 
von 
CBL 
und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen 
entweder als Pool-Faktor oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
wiedergegeben.]]]
[(c) 
In 
the 
case 
of 
a 
partial 
redemption of Notes, Notes to be 
redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules and 
procedures 
of 
the 
relevant 
Clearing System. [In the case of 
Notes 
in 
NGN 
form 
the 
following applies: Such partial 
redemption shall be reflected in 
the 
records 
of 
CBL 
and 
Euroclear as either a pool factor 
or a reduction in aggregate 
principal 
amount, 
at 
the 
discretion 
of 
CBL 
and 
Euroclear.]]]
[(3)]
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen Gründen. 
[(3)]
Early Redemption for Reasons of 
Taxation. 
Wenn 
ein 
Steuerereignis 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) eintritt, ist die 
Emittentin jederzeit berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise) unter Einhaltung 
einer Frist von nicht weniger als 
30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
durch 
eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger gemäß § 13 vorzeitig 
zu kündigen und diese an dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (der ein 
Geschäftstag sein muss) zu ihrer 
festgelegten Stückelung zuzüglich bis 
zu 
dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
If a Tax Event (as defined below) 
occurs, the Issuer may call and redeem 
(all but not some only of) the 
outstanding Notes at any time, upon 
giving not less than 30 days' and not 
more than 60 days' prior notice of early 
redemption to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 13, on the date fixed 
for redemption (which must be a 
Business Day) at their Specified 
Denomination, together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the date fixed 
for redemption. 
Ein "Steuerereignis" tritt ein, wenn 
aufgrund einer Änderung, Ergänzung 
oder 
Klarstellung 
von 
Gesetzen, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
sonstigen 
Vorschriften, 
oder 
aufgrund 
einer 
Änderung, Ergänzung oder Klarstellung 
der Auslegung oder Anwendung, oder 
aufgrund einer erstmaligen Auslegung 
oder 
Anwendung 
dieser 
Gesetze, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
sonstigen 
Vorschriften durch eine gesetzgebende 
Körperschaft, ein Gericht oder eine 
Behörde (einschließlich des Erlasses 
von 
Gesetzen 
sowie 
der 
Bekanntmachung von Entscheidungen 
eines Gerichts oder einer Behörde), 
welche Änderung, Ergänzung oder 
Klarstellung an oder nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der letzten Tranche der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Kraft tritt 
(einschließlich des Falles, dass die 
betreffende Änderung oder Klarstellung 
rückwirkend Anwendung findet), die 
A "Tax Event" will occur if, as a result 
of any change in, or amendment, 
supplement or clarification to, the laws, 
regulations or other rules, or as a result 
of any change in, or amendment, 
supplement or clarification to, the 
interpretation or application, or as a 
result 
of 
any 
interpretation 
or 
application made for the first time, of 
any such laws, regulations or other rules 
by any legislative body, court or 
authority (including the enactment of 
any legislation and the publication of 
any decision of any court or authority), 
which change, amendment, supplement 
or clarification becomes effective on or 
after the date of issue of the last tranche 
of the Notes (including in case any such 
change, amendment or clarification has 
retroactive effect), the Issuer is required 
to pay Additional Amounts (as defined 
in § 7 herein) on the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date (as defined in

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Emittentin 
am 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(1) 
definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen 
Beträgen 
(wie 
in 
§ 7 
definiert) 
verpflichtet sein wird, und wenn die 
Emittentin diese Verpflichtung nicht 
abwenden kann, indem sie Maßnahmen 
ergreift, die sie nach Treu und Glauben 
für zumutbar und angemessen hält. 
§ 3(1)), and the if Issuer cannot avoid 
this obligation by taking such measures 
it (acting in good faith) deems 
reasonable and appropriate. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings 
nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem 
frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, an 
dem die Emittentin erstmals verpflichtet 
wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu 
zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
dann 
fällig 
wäre, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, 
in 
dem 
die 
Kündigungsmitteilung 
erfolgt, 
die 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen 
nicht 
mehr 
wirksam ist. 
However, no such notice of redemption 
may be given (i) earlier than 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be for the first time obliged 
to pay such Additional Amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then 
due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is 
given, such obligation to pay such 
Additional Amounts does not remain in 
effect. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 13 
zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss 
den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten 
Termin 
nennen 
und 
eine 
zusammenfassende 
Erklärung 
enthalten, 
welche 
die 
das 
Rückzahlungsrecht 
der 
Emittentin 
begründenden Umständen darlegt. 
Any such notice shall be given in 
accordance with § 13. It shall be 
irrevocable, must specify the date fixed 
for redemption and must set forth a 
statement in summary form of the facts 
constituting the basis for the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem. 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig im 
Falle eines 
geringen 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags 
zurückzuzah-
len, ist Fol-
gendes an-
wendbar 
[[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung wegen eines 
geringen ausstehenden Nennbetrags.
[[(4)] Early Redemption for a minimal 
outstanding principal amount.
If the Notes 
are subject to 
Early Re-
demption at 
the Option of 
the Issuer in 
the case of a 
minimal 
outstanding 
principal 
amount, the 
following 
applies 
(a) 
Wenn zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen auf 20 % 
oder 
weniger 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
zuvor 
ausgegeben 
wurden 
(einschließlich 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
gemäß § 12 zusätzlich begeben 
worden sind), fällt, ist die 
Emittentin jederzeit berechtigt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt, 
jedoch 
nicht 
teilweise) unter Einhaltung einer 
Frist von nicht weniger als 30 
Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 
Tagen durch Mitteilung gemäß 
Buchstabe 
(b) 
vorzeitig 
zu 
kündigen und diese an dem für 
die Rückzahlung festgelegten 
Tag (der ein Geschäftstag sein 
muss) zu ihrer festgelegten 
Stückelung zuzüglich bis zu dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
(a) 
If at any time the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding is equal to or less 
than 20 % of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes 
previously issued (including any 
Notes additionally issued in 
accordance with § 12), the Issuer 
may call and redeem (all but not 
some only of) the outstanding 
Notes at any time, upon giving 
not less than 30 days' and not 
more than 60 days' prior notice of 
early redemption in accordance 
with clause (b), on the date fixed 
for redemption (which must be a 
Business Day) at their Specified 
Denomination, 
together 
with 
interest accrued to but excluding 
the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
(b) 
Die 
Kündigung 
ist 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
§ 13 
mitzuteilen. Die Mitteilung hat 
die 
folgenden 
Angaben 
zu 
beinhalten: 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be 
given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 13. Such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject 
to redemption; 
(ii) 
den für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag, der ein 
Geschäftstag sein muss; 
und 
(ii) 
the 
date 
fixed 
for 
redemption which must 
be a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung, welche die das 
Rückzahlungsrecht 
der 
Emittentin begründenden 
Umständen darlegt.]
(iii) 
a statement in summary 
form 
of 
the 
facts 
constituting the basis for 
the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem.]
Falls der 
Anleihe-
gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig zu 
festgelegtem/n 
Wahlrück-
zahlungsbe-
trag/-beträgen 
(Put) zu 
kündigen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[[(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des 
Anleihegläubigers.
[[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of a 
Noteholder.
If the Notes 
are subject to 
Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of 
the Noteholder 
at specified 
Put 
Redemption 
Amounts the 
following 
applies 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
nach 
Ausübung des entsprechenden 
Wahlrechts 
durch 
den 
Anleihegläubiger 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) 
(Put) 
zum/zu 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen 
(Put), 
wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben nebst etwaigen bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen.
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of 
the Noteholder of any Note, 
redeem such Note on the Put 
Redemption Date(s) at the Put 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth 
below together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the Put Redemption Date.
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) einfügen]10
[insert Put Redemption Date(s)]11
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge 
(Put) 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge 
einfügen]
[insert Put Redemption Amount(s)]
Dem 
Anleihegläubiger 
steht 
dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug 
auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung 
die 
Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung 
eines ihrer Wahlrechte nach 
diesem § 5 verlangt hat. 
The Noteholder may not exercise 
such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Issuer of 
any of its options to redeem such 
Note under this § 5. 
(b) 
Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat 
der Anleihegläubiger nicht weniger als 
30 Tage und nicht mehr als 60 Tage vor 
dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an 
dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der 
Ausübungserklärung (wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
erfolgen 
soll, 
an 
die 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal 
Agent eine Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung in Textform (z.B. E-Mail 
(b) 
In order to exercise such option, the 
Noteholder must, not less than 30 days 
nor more than 60 days before the Put 
Redemption Date on which such 
redemption is required to be made as 
specified in the Put Notice (as defined 
below), send to the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent an early redemption 
notice in text format (Textform, e.g. 
email or fax) or in written form ("Put 
10 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) oder die anwendbare Beschreibung derselben einfügen, z.B. "jeden Geschäftstag ab dem [frühesten möglichen Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag einfügen] (einschließlich) bis zum Endfälligkeitstag (ausschließlich)". 
11 
Insert Put Redemption Date(s) or the applicable description thereof, e.g., "each Business Day during the period from and including [insert earliest possible 
Call Redemption Date] to but excluding the Maturity Date".

--- Page 53 ---
53 
oder Fax) oder in schriftlicher Form 
("Ausübungserklärung") zu schicken. 
Falls die Ausübungserklärung nach 
17:00 Uhr Frankfurt am Main Zeit am 
30. 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) eingeht, ist das 
Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die 
Ausübungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) 
den 
gesamten 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird und (ii) die 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(soweit 
vergeben). Für die Ausübungserklärung 
kann ein Formblatt, wie es bei den 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen 
des 
Fiscal Agent in deutscher und englischer 
Sprache erhältlich ist und das weitere 
Hinweise enthält, verwendet werden. 
Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann 
nicht 
widerrufen 
werden. 
Die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt 
nur 
gegen 
Lieferung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
die 
Emittentin oder deren Order.]
Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice 
is received after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt am 
Main time on the 30th day before the Put 
Redemption Date, the option shall not 
have been validly exercised. The Put 
Notice must specify (i) the total 
principal amount of the Notes in respect 
of which such option is exercised and 
(ii) the securities identification numbers 
of such Notes, if any. The Put Notice 
may be in the form available from the 
specified offices of the Fiscal Agent in 
the German and English language and 
includes further information. No option 
so exercised may be revoked or 
withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be 
required to redeem Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised against 
delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to 
its order.]
[(6)]
Rückkauf. 
[(6)]
Repurchase. 
Die 
Emittentin 
und 
jedes 
Tochterunternehmen 
der 
Emittentin 
(§ 290 Absatz 1 Handelsgesetzbuch 
("HGB")) 
können 
jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen auf dem freien 
Markt oder anderweitig sowie zu jedem 
beliebigen 
Preis 
kaufen. 
Derartig 
erworbene 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können eingezogen, gehalten oder 
wieder veräußert werden. 
The Issuer and any subsidiary of the 
Issuer (§ 290 paragraph 1 of the German 
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch 
- "HGB")) may at any time purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price. Such purchased Notes 
may be cancelled, held or resold. 
§ 6 
DER FISCAL AGENT UND DIE 
ZAHLSTELLE
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT AND THE PAYING 
AGENT
(1) 
Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle.
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office.
Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent 
und die anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle 
und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen 
lauten wie folgt:
The initial Fiscal Agent and the initial 
Paying Agent and their initial specified 
offices shall be:
"Fiscal Agent" und "Zahlstelle":
"Fiscal Agent" and "Paying Agent":
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Der Fiscal Agent und die Zahlstelle 
behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
ihre 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen 
durch 
eine 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu 
ersetzen.
The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent 
reserve the right at any time to change 
their specified offices to some other 
specified office in the same country.
(2) 
Änderung 
der 
Bestellung 
oder 
Abberufung.
(2) 
Variation 
or 
Termination 
of 
Appointment.
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die Bestellung des Fiscal 
Agent oder einer Zahlstelle zu ändern 
oder zu beenden und einen anderen 
Fiscal Agent oder zusätzliche oder 
andere Zahlstellen zu bestellen. Die 
Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt 
einen Fiscal Agent und eine Zahlstelle 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent 
and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or 
additional or other Paying Agents. The 
Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal 
Agent and a Paying Agent [in the case 
of payments in U.S. dollar the

--- Page 54 ---
54 
unterhalten [Im Falle von Zahlungen 
in 
U.S. 
Dollar 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: und, falls Zahlungen bei 
den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller 
Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten 
Staaten aufgrund der Einführung von 
Devisenbeschränkungen oder ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen 
hinsichtlich 
der 
vollständigen 
Zahlung 
oder 
des 
Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge 
in U.S. Dollar widerrechtlich oder 
tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, eine 
Zahlstelle 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in New York City 
unterhalten]. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, 
Bestellung 
oder 
ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam, 
sofern die Anleihegläubiger hierüber 
gemäß § 13 vorab unter Einhaltung 
einer Frist von mindestens 30 Tagen und 
nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert 
wurden (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem 
eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam 
wird). 
following applies: and, if payments at 
or through the offices of all Paying 
Agents outside the United States 
become illegal or are effectively 
precluded because of the imposition of 
exchange controls or similar restrictions 
on the full payment or receipt of such 
amounts in U.S. dollar, a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in New York 
City]. 
Any 
variation, 
termination, 
appointment or change shall only take 
effect after not less than 30 days nor 
more than 45 days' prior notice thereof 
shall have been given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with § 13 (other than in 
the case of insolvency, when it shall be 
of immediate effect). 
(3) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin.
(3) 
Agent of the Issuer.
Der Fiscal Agent und die Zahlstelle 
handeln 
ausschließlich 
als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Anleihegläubigern, und 
es 
wird 
kein 
Auftrags- 
oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und 
den Anleihegläubigern begründet.
The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent 
act solely as the agents of the Issuer and 
do not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for any 
Noteholder.
§ 7 
STEUERN 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
(1) 
Sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen 
oder zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, 
die von oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung 
oder von oder für Rechnung einer 
politischen 
Untergliederung 
oder 
Steuerbehörde 
der 
oder 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt 
oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein 
solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist 
gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. 
Ist 
ein 
solcher 
Einbehalt 
gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben, so wird die Emittentin 
diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die 
"zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die 
erforderlich 
sind, 
damit 
die 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt 
oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
von 
den 
Anleihegläubigern empfangen worden 
wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung 
solcher zusätzlicher Beträge besteht 
jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern 
und Abgaben, die: 
(1) 
All amounts payable in respect of the 
Notes 
shall 
be 
made 
without 
withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by way of withholding or 
deduction by or on behalf of the Federal 
Republic of Germany or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by 
law. If such withholding is required by 
law, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts (the "Additional Amounts") 
as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the Noteholders, 
after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the respective amounts 
which would otherwise have been 
receivable in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no 
such Additional Amounts shall be 
payable on account of any taxes or 
duties which: 
(a) 
von einer als Depotbank oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere 
Weise zu entrichten sind als 
dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus 
(a) 
are payable by any person acting 
as custodian bank or collecting 
agent on behalf of a Noteholder, 
or otherwise in any manner 
which does not constitute a 
deduction or withholding by the

--- Page 55 ---
55 
den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder 
Zinsen 
einen 
Abzug 
oder 
Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
Issuer 
from 
payments 
of 
principal or interest made by it; 
or 
(b) 
wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder 
früheren 
persönlichen 
oder 
geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Anleihegläubigers 
zu 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu 
zahlen sind, und nicht allein 
deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Quellen in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland stammen (oder für 
Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden) oder dort 
besichert sind; oder 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the 
Noteholder having, or having 
had, some personal or business 
connection with the Federal 
Republic of Germany and not 
merely by reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the Notes 
are, or for purposes of taxation 
are deemed to be, derived from 
sources in, or are secured in, the 
Federal Republic of Germany; or 
(c) 
aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder 
Verordnung der Europäischen 
Union 
betreffend 
die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Verein-
barung über deren Besteuerung, 
an 
der 
die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder 
die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, 
oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen 
Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, 
Verordnung oder Vereinbarung 
umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen 
oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
(c) 
are 
deducted 
or 
withheld 
pursuant to (i) any European 
Union directive or regulation 
concerning 
the 
taxation 
of 
interest income, or (ii) any 
international 
treaty 
or 
understanding relating to such 
taxation and to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the 
European Union is a party, or 
(iii) any 
provision 
of 
law 
implementing, 
or 
complying 
with, or introduced to conform 
with, such directive, regulation, 
treaty or understanding; or 
(d) 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung 
zu zahlen sind, welche später als 
30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden 
Zahlung 
von 
Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn 
dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung 
aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 13 
wirksam wird. 
(d) 
are payable by reason of a 
change in law that becomes 
effective more than 30 days after 
the relevant payment becomes 
due, or is duly provided for and 
notice thereof is published in 
accordance with § 13, whichever 
occurs later. 
(2) 
Die Emittentin ist nicht verpflichtet, 
zusätzliche Beträge in Bezug auf einen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Beträgen zu 
zahlen, die gemäß Sections 1471 bis 
1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
(in der jeweils geltenden Fassung oder 
gemäß 
Nachfolgebestimmungen), 
gemäß zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen, 
gemäß 
den 
in 
einer 
anderen 
Rechtsordnung in Zusammenhang mit 
diesen 
Bestimmungen 
erlassenen 
Durchführungsvorschriften oder gemäß 
mit dem U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
geschlossenen 
Verträgen 
von 
der 
Emittentin, der jeweiligen Zahlstelle 
oder 
einem 
anderen 
Beteiligten 
abgezogen oder einbehalten wurden 
("FATCA-Steuerabzug") 
oder 
Anleihegläubiger in Bezug auf einen 
FATCA-Steuerabzug 
schadlos 
zu 
halten. 
(2) 
In any event, the Issuer will not have any 
obligation to pay additional amounts 
deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the 
relevant Paying Agent or any other party 
in relation to any withholding or 
deduction of any amounts required by 
the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any 
amended or successor provisions), 
pursuant to any inter-governmental 
agreement, or implementing legislation 
adopted by another jurisdiction in 
connection with these provisions, or 
pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA 
Withholding"), or to indemnify any 
Noteholder in relation to any FATCA 
Withholding. 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST UND 
VERJÄHRUNG 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD AND 
STATUTE OF LIMITATION 
Die Vorlegungsfrist gemäß § 801 Absatz 1 
Satz 1 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (BGB) für 
fällige Schuldverschreibungen wird auf zehn 
The period for presentation of the Notes due, as 
established in § 801(1) sentence 1 of the 
German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Jahre verkürzt. Erfolgt die Vorlegung während 
der Vorlegungsfrist, so verjährt der Anspruch 
aus der Schuldverschreibung in zwei Jahren 
von dem Ende der Vorlegungsfrist an. 
– BGB), is reduced to 10 years. Following such 
presentation during the presentation period, the 
limitation period with regard to any claim 
arising under the Notes will be two years from 
the expiry of the presentation period. 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(1) 
Kündigungsgründe. 
(1) 
Events of Default. 
Jeder Anleihegläubiger ist berechtigt, 
seine Schuldverschreibung zu kündigen 
und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu 
ihrer festgelegten Stückelung zuzüglich 
(etwaiger) 
bis 
zum 
Tage 
der 
Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu 
verlangen, falls: 
Each Noteholder shall be entitled to 
declare his Notes due and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at their 
Specified Denomination plus accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, 
in the event that 
(a) 
die Emittentin Kapital oder 
Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 
Tagen nach dem betreffenden 
Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or 
interest within 30 days from the 
relevant due date, or 
(b) 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung einer 
anderen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterlässt 
und 
diese 
Unterlassung länger als 30 Tage 
fortdauert, nachdem der Fiscal 
Agent 
hierüber 
eine 
Benachrichtigung von einem 
Anleihegläubiger erhalten hat; 
oder 
(b) 
the Issuer fails duly to perform 
any other obligation arising from 
the Notes and such failure 
continues unremedied for more 
than 30 days after the Fiscal 
Agent 
has 
received 
notice 
thereof from a Noteholder, or 
(c) 
die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit allgemein 
bekanntgibt oder ihre Zahlungen 
einstellt; oder 
(c) 
the Issuer announces its inability 
to meet its financial obligations 
generally or ceases its payments, 
or 
(d) 
ein 
Gericht 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren gegen die 
Emittentin eröffnet, ein solches 
Verfahren eingeleitet und nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
60 
Tagen 
aufgehoben 
oder 
ausgesetzt 
worden ist, oder die Emittentin 
ein solches Verfahren einleitet 
oder beantragt; oder 
(d) 
a 
court 
opens 
insolvency 
proceedings against the Issuer; 
such proceedings are instituted 
and have not been discharged or 
stayed within 60 days, or the 
Issuer applies for or institutes 
such proceedings, or 
(e) 
die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Geschäftstätigkeit 
ganz 
oder 
überwiegend einstellt, alle oder 
den wesentlichen Teil ihres 
Vermögens 
veräußert 
oder 
anderweitig 
abgibt 
und 
(i) 
dadurch 
den 
Wert 
ihres 
Vermögens 
wesentlich 
vermindert und (ii) es dadurch 
wahrscheinlich wird, dass die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Anleihegläubigern nicht mehr 
erfüllen kann; oder 
(e) 
the 
Issuer 
ceases 
all 
or 
substantially all of its business 
operations or sells or disposes of 
its assets or the substantial part 
thereof and thus (i) diminishes 
considerably the value of its 
assets and (ii) for this reason it 
becomes likely that the Issuer 
may not fulfil its payment 
obligations 
against 
the 
Noteholders, or 
(f) 
die Emittentin in Liquidation 
tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht 
im Zusammenhang mit einer 
Verschmelzung 
oder 
einer 
anderen 
Form 
des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer 
anderen Gesellschaft oder im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
einer 
Umwandlung 
und 
diese 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt 
alle 
(f) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation 
unless this is done in connection 
with a merger or other form of 
combination 
with 
another 
company or in connection with a 
reorganisation and such other or 
new 
company 
assumes 
all 
obligations contracted by the

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Verpflichtungen, 
die 
die 
Emittentin im Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen ist. 
Issuer in connection with the 
Notes. 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des 
Rechts geheilt wurde. 
The right to declare Notes due shall 
terminate if the situation giving rise to it 
has been cured before the right is 
exercised. 
(2) 
Quorum. 
(2) 
Quorum. 
In den Fällen des § 9(1)(b) wird eine 
Kündigung, sofern nicht bei deren 
Eingang zugleich einer der in § 9(1)(a) 
und 
(1)(c) 
bis 
(f) 
bezeichneten 
Kündigungsgründe 
vorliegt, 
erst 
wirksam, wenn bei dem Fiscal Agent 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Anleihegläubigern 
im 
Gesamt-
nennbetrag von mindestens 1/10 der dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen sind. 
In the events specified in § 9(1)(b) any 
notice declaring Notes due shall, unless 
at the time such notice is received any of 
the events specified in § 9(1)(a) and 
(1)(c) through (f) entitling Noteholders 
to declare their Notes due has occurred, 
become effective only when the Fiscal 
Agent has received such notices from 
the Noteholders of at least one-tenth in 
aggregate principal amount of Notes 
then outstanding. 
(3) 
Benachrichtigung. 
(3) 
Notice. 
Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich 
einer 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 9(1) ist 
in Textform (z.B. E-Mail oder Fax) oder 
schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache 
abzugeben 
und 
an 
die 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal 
Agent zu schicken. 
Any notice, including any notice 
declaring Notes due, in accordance with 
§ 9(1) shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. 
email or fax) or in written form in the 
German or English language sent to the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
§ 10 
SCHULDNERERSETZUNG 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
(1) 
Schuldnerersetzung. 
(1) 
Substitution of Issuer. 
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, 
ohne Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger 
eine andere Gesellschaft (soweit es sich 
bei dieser Gesellschaft nicht um ein 
Versicherungsunternehmen 
handelt), 
die direkt oder indirekt von der 
Emittentin kontrolliert wird, als neue 
Emittentin für alle sich aus oder im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ergebenden 
Verpflichtungen mit schuldbefreiender 
Wirkung für die Emittentin an die Stelle 
der Emittentin zu setzen (die "Neue 
Emittentin"), sofern 
The Issuer may at any time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, substitute 
for the Issuer any other company (other 
than an insurance undertaking) which is 
directly or indirectly controlled by the 
Issuer, as new issuer (the "New Issuer") 
in respect of all obligations arising 
under or in connection with the Notes, 
with the effect of releasing the Issuer of 
all such obligations, if 
(a) 
die Neue Emittentin sämtliche 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt; 
(a) 
the New Issuer assumes any and 
all obligations of the Issuer 
arising under or in connection 
with the Notes; 
(b) 
die Neue Emittentin in der Lage 
ist, sämtliche zur Erfüllung der 
aufgrund der Schuldverschrei-
bungen bestehenden Zahlungs-
verpflichtungen 
erforderlichen 
Beträge in der 
festgelegten 
Währung an den Fiscal Agent zur 
Weiterleitung an das Clearing 
System zu zahlen, und zwar ohne 
Abzug 
oder 
Einbehalt 
von 
Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben 
jedweder Art, die von dem Land 
(oder den Ländern), in dem (in 
denen) die Neue Emittentin ihren 
Sitz 
oder 
Steuersitz 
hat, 
(b) 
the New Issuer is in the position 
to pay to the Fiscal Agent for on-
payment to the Clearing System 
in the Specified Currency and 
without 
deducting 
or 
withholding any taxes or other 
duties 
of 
whatever 
nature 
imposed, levied or deducted by 
the country (or countries) in 
which the New Issuer has its 
domicile or tax residence all 
amounts 
required 
for 
the 
performance of the payment

--- Page 58 ---
58 
auferlegt, 
erhoben 
oder 
eingezogen werden; und 
obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes; and 
(c) 
die Talanx Aktiengesellschaft 
unwiderruflich und unbedingt 
die Verpflichtungen der Neuen 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
Bedingungen 
garantiert, 
die 
sicherstellen, dass vorbehaltlich 
der Regelungen dieses § 10 jeder 
Anleihegläubiger wirtschaftlich 
so gestellt wird, wie er ohne die 
Ersetzung stehen würde. 
(c) 
Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft 
irrevocably and unconditionally 
guarantees the obligations of the 
New Issuer under the Notes on 
terms which ensure that without 
prejudice to the provisions of this 
§ 10 each Noteholder will be put 
in an economic position that is as 
favourable as that which would 
have existed had the substitution 
not taken place. 
(2) 
Bezugnahmen. 
(2) 
References. 
lm Falle einer Ersetzung gemäß § 10(1) 
gilt 
jede 
Bezugnahme 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin 
als eine solche auf die Neue Emittentin 
und 
jede 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland als eine 
solche auf den Staat, in welchem die 
Neue Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist. 
In the event of a substitution in 
accordance with § 10(1), any reference 
in these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall be a reference to the New 
Issuer and any reference to the Federal 
Republic of Germany shall be a 
reference to the New Issuer's country of 
domicile for tax purposes. 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, dass dies nur 
gilt, soweit sich nicht aus Sinn und 
Zweck der jeweiligen Bedingung ergibt, 
dass 
die 
jeweilige 
Bezugnahme 
entweder weiterhin nur auf die Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft erfolgen soll, oder 
dass die Bezugnahme auf die Neue 
Emittentin und gleichzeitig auch auf die 
Talanx Aktiengesellschaft, im Hinblick 
auf 
deren 
jeweilige 
steuerliche 
Ansässigkeit und die Verpflichtungen 
der Talanx Aktiengesellschaft aus der 
Garantie gemäß § 10(1)(c) erfolgen soll 
(z.B. § 5(3) und § 7). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this shall 
apply only to the extent that the meaning 
and purpose of the relevant condition 
requires that the relevant reference shall 
continue to be a reference only to Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft, or that the reference 
shall be to the New Issuer and Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft, in relation to their 
respective domicile for tax purposes and 
to 
Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft's 
obligations under the guarantee in 
accordance with § 10(1)(c), at the same 
time (e.g. § 5(3) and § 7). 
(3) 
Bekanntmachung und Wirksamwerden 
der Ersetzung. 
(3) 
Notice and Effectiveness of Substitution. 
Die Ersetzung der Emittentin ist den 
Anleihegläubigern 
gemäß 
§ 13 
mitzuteilen. Mit der Mitteilung wird die 
Ersetzung wirksam und die Emittentin 
und, im Falle einer wiederholten 
Anwendung dieses § 10, jede frühere 
Neue Emittentin von ihren sämtlichen 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen frei. 
Notice of any substitution of the Issuer 
shall be given by notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 13. 
Upon such notice, the substitution shall 
become effective, and the Issuer, and in 
the event of a repeated application of 
this § 10, any previous New Issuer, shall 
be discharged from any and all 
obligations under the Notes. 
§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN DURCH 
BESCHLUSS DER 
ANLEIHEGLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
§ 11 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF 
THE NOTEHOLDERS; JOINT 
REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) 
Die Emittentin kann mit Zustimmung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
aufgrund 
Mehrheitsbeschluss nach Maßgabe der 
§§ 5 
ff. 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
– 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) in seiner 
jeweiligen gültigen Fassung ("SchVG") 
ändern. 
Eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen ohne Zustimmung 
der Emittentin ist ausgeschlossen. Die 
Anleihegläubiger können insbesondere 
einer Änderung wesentlicher Inhalte der 
Anleihebedingungen, einschließlich der 
(1) 
The Issuer may amend the Terms and 
Conditions with the consent of a 
majority resolution of the Noteholders 
in accordance with §§ 5 et seqq. of the 
German Act on Issues of Debt Securities 
(Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
– 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz), 
as 
amended 
(the 
"SchVG"). 
An 
amendment 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions without the Issuer's consent 
is 
ruled 
out. 
In 
particular, 
the 
Noteholders 
may 
consent 
to 
amendments which materially change 
the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions, including such measures as

--- Page 59 ---
59 
in 
§ 5(3) 
SchVG 
vorgesehenen 
Maßnahmen, 
mit 
den 
in 
dem 
nachstehenden 
§ 11(2) 
genannten 
Mehrheiten 
zustimmen. 
Ein 
ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
ist 
für 
alle 
Anleihegläubiger verbindlich. 
provided for under § 5(3) SchVG, by 
resolutions passed by such majority of 
the votes of the Noteholders as stated 
under § 11(2) below. A duly passed 
majority resolution will be binding upon 
all Noteholders. 
(2) 
Vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes 
und der Erreichung der erforderlichen 
Beschlussfähigkeit, 
beschließen 
die 
Anleihegläubiger mit der einfachen 
Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, 
durch 
welche 
der 
wesentliche 
Inhalt 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, insbesondere in 
den Fällen des § 5(3) Nummer 1 bis 9 
SchVG, geändert wird, bedürfen zu 
ihrer Wirksamkeit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 
75 % 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte 
(eine 
"Qualifizierte 
Mehrheit"). Das Stimmrecht ruht, 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einem 
mit 
ihr 
verbundenen Unternehmen (§ 271(2) 
HGB) zustehen oder für Rechnung der 
Emittentin 
oder 
eines 
mit 
ihr 
verbundenen Unternehmens gehalten 
werden. 
(2) 
Except as provided by the following 
sentence and provided that the quorum 
requirements are being satisfied, the 
Noteholders may pass resolutions by 
simple majority of the voting rights 
participating in the vote. Resolutions 
which materially change the substance 
of the Terms and Conditions, in 
particular in the cases of § 5(3) numbers 
1 through 9 SchVG, may only be passed 
by a majority of at least 75 % of the 
voting rights participating in the vote (a 
"Qualified Majority"). The voting right 
is suspended as long as any Notes are 
attributable to the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates (within the meaning of 
§ 271(2) HGB) or are being held for the 
account of the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates. 
(3) 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
werden 
entweder 
in 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung nach § 11(3)(a) 
oder im Wege der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung 
nach 
§ 11(3)(b) 
getroffen, die von der Emittentin oder 
ggf. einem gemeinsamen Vertreter 
einberufen wird. 
(3) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders will be 
made either in a noteholders' meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance 
with § 11(3)(a) or by means of a vote 
without 
a 
physical 
meeting 
(Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) in 
accordance with § 11(3)(b), in either 
case convened by the Issuer or a joint 
representative, if any. 
(a) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger 
im 
Rahmen 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung werden 
nach §§ 9 ff. SchVG getroffen. 
Die 
Einberufung 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
regelt 
die weiteren Einzelheiten der 
Beschlussfassung 
und 
der 
Abstimmung. 
Mit 
der 
Einberufung 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung werden 
in 
der 
Tagesordnung 
die 
Beschlussgegenstände sowie die 
Vorschläge 
zur 
Beschlussfassung 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
bekannt 
gegeben. 
(a) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders 
in 
a 
noteholders' 
meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) will be 
made in accordance with §§ 9 et 
seqq. SchVG. The convening 
notice of a noteholders' meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) 
will 
provide 
the 
further 
details 
relating to the resolutions and the 
voting procedure. The subject 
matter of the vote as well as the 
proposed resolutions will be 
notified to Noteholders in the 
agenda of the meeting. 
(b) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger 
im Wege der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung werden nach § 18 
SchVG 
getroffen. 
Die 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
durch den Abstimmungsleiter 
regelt die weiteren Einzelheiten 
der Beschlussfassung und der 
Abstimmung. 
Mit 
der 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
werden 
die 
Beschlussgegenstände sowie die 
Vorschläge 
zur 
Beschlussfassung 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
bekannt 
gegeben. 
(b) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders 
by means of a vote without 
physical meeting (Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung) will be 
made in accordance with § 18 
SchVG. The request for voting as 
submitted 
by 
the 
chair 
(Abstimmungsleiter) will provide 
the further details relating to the 
resolutions 
and 
the 
voting 
procedure. The subject matter of 
the vote as well as the proposed 
resolutions will be notified to 
Noteholders together with the 
request for voting.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
(4) 
Wird die Beschlussfähigkeit bei der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
gemäß 
§ 11(3)(a) oder der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 11(3)(b) nicht 
festgestellt, 
kann 
der 
Abstimmungsleiter 
eine 
zweite 
Versammlung im Sinne des § 15(3) Satz 
3 SchVG einberufen. 
(4) 
If it is ascertained that no quorum exists 
for 
the 
noteholders' 
meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance 
with § 11(3)(a) or the vote without a 
physical meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with 
§ 11(3)(b), 
the 
chair 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a 
second meeting within the meaning of 
§ 15(3) sentence 3 SchVG. 
(5) 
Die Stimmrechtsausübung ist von einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
abhängig. 
Die 
Anmeldung muss bis zum dritten Tag 
vor der Versammlung im Falle einer 
Gläubigerversammlung 
(wie 
in 
§ 11(3)(a) oder § 11(4) beschrieben) 
bzw. 
vor 
dem 
Beginn 
des 
Abstimmungszeitraums im Falle einer 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung (wie 
in § 11(3)(b) beschrieben) unter der in 
der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
angegebenen 
Anschrift 
zugehen. 
Zusammen mit der Anmeldung müssen 
Anleihegläubiger den Nachweis ihrer 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung durch eine besondere 
Bescheinigung 
ihrer 
jeweiligen 
Depotbank (wie in § 14(4) definiert) in 
Textform (z.B. E-Mail oder Fax) und 
die Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der 
Depotbank 
erbringen, 
aus 
dem 
hervorgeht, 
dass 
die 
relevanten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
den 
Zeitraum vom Tag der Absendung der 
Anmeldung (einschließlich) bis zu dem 
angegebenen Ende der Versammlung 
(einschließlich) bzw. dem Ende des 
Abstimmungszeitraums (einschließlich) 
nicht übertragen werden können. 
(5) 
The exercise of voting rights is subject 
to the registration of the Noteholders. 
The registration must be received at the 
address stated in the request for voting 
no later than the third day prior to the 
meeting in the case of a noteholders' 
meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) (as 
described in § 11(3)(a) or § 11(4)) or the 
beginning of the voting period in the 
case of voting not requiring a physical 
meeting 
(Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung) 
(as 
described 
in 
§ 11(3)(b)), as the case may be. As part 
of the registration, Noteholders must 
demonstrate 
their 
eligibility 
to 
participate in the vote by means of a 
special confirmation of their respective 
Custodian (as defined in § 14(4)) in text 
format (Textform, e.g. email or fax) and 
by submission of a blocking instruction 
by the Custodian stating that the 
relevant Notes are not transferable from 
and including the day such registration 
has been sent until and including the 
stated end of the meeting or day the 
voting period ends, as the case may be. 
(6) 
Die Anleihegläubiger können durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss die Bestellung oder 
Abberufung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters, 
die 
Aufgaben 
und 
Befugnisse 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters, 
die 
Übertragung 
von 
Rechten der Anleihegläubiger auf den 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
und 
eine 
Beschränkung 
der 
Haftung 
des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters bestimmen. 
Die Bestellung eines gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten 
Mehrheit, wenn er ermächtigt werden 
soll, wesentlichen Änderungen des 
wesentlichen 
Inhalts 
der 
Anleihebedingungen gemäß § 11(1) 
zuzustimmen. 
(6) 
The Noteholders may by majority 
resolution provide for the appointment 
or dismissal of a joint representative, the 
duties and responsibilities and the 
powers of such joint representative, the 
transfer of the rights of the Noteholders 
to the joint representative and a 
limitation of liability of the joint 
representative. Appointment of a joint 
representative may only be passed by a 
Qualified 
Majority 
if 
such 
joint 
representative is to be authorised to 
consent to a material change in the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions 
in accordance with § 11(1). 
(7) 
Bekanntmachungen betreffend diesen 
§ 11 erfolgen gemäß den §§ 5 ff. 
SchVG. 
(7) 
Any notices concerning this § 11 will be 
made in accordance with §§ 5 et seqq.
SchVG. 
(8) 
Die 
oben 
aufgeführten, 
auf 
die 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen finden 
sinngemäß 
für 
Änderungen 
der 
Bedingungen einer etwaigen Garantie 
gemäß § 10(1)(c) Anwendung. 
(8) 
The provisions set out above applicable 
to the amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions will apply mutatis mutandis
to the terms of any guarantee given in 
accordance with § 10(1)(c). 
§ 12 
WEITERE EMISSIONEN 
§ 12 
FURTHER ISSUES 
Die Emittentin kann ohne Zustimmung der 
Anleihegläubiger 
weitere 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, create and issue

--- Page 61 ---
61 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben, die in jeder 
Hinsicht (oder in jeder Hinsicht mit Ausnahme 
der 
ersten 
Zinszahlung) 
die 
gleichen 
Bedingungen wie die Schuldverschreibungen 
dieser Anleihe haben und die zusammen mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen dieser Anleihe eine 
einzige 
Anleihe 
bilden. 
Der 
Begriff 
Schuldverschreibungen umfasst im Falle einer 
solchen weiteren Begebung auch solche 
zusätzlich begebenen Schuldverschreibungen. 
further Notes having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the first payment of interest) 
so as to form a single series with the Notes. The 
term Notes shall, in the event of such further 
issue, also comprise such further notes. 
§ 13 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 13 
NOTICES 
Im Falle von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die in der 
offiziellen 
Liste der 
Luxemburger 
Börse notiert 
werden, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[(1) 
Veröffentlichungen auf der Internetseite 
der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse.
[(1) 
Publications on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are listed on 
the official list 
of the Luxem-
bourg Stock 
Exchange the 
following 
applies 
Vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen in 
Satz 2 des nachstehenden § 13(2) 
werden alle Mitteilungen, die die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffen, auf 
der Internetseite der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse 
(derzeit 
www.luxse.com) veröffentlicht, solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin an der 
Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse notiert 
sind und die Regeln der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse dies vorsehen. Jede 
solche Mitteilung gilt am Tag ihrer 
Veröffentlichung (oder, falls sie mehr 
als einmal veröffentlicht wird, am Tag 
der 
ersten 
Veröffentlichung) 
als 
wirksam erfolgt.
Subject as provided in sentence 2 of 
§ 13(2) below, for so long as the Notes 
are 
admitted 
to 
trading 
on 
the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at the 
initiative of the Issuer and the rules of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so 
require, all notices concerning the Notes 
shall be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (currently 
www.luxse.com). Any such notice so 
given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the day of its 
publication (or, if published more than 
once, on the day of the first such 
publication). 
(2) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System.
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
übermitteln. 
Eine 
solche Mitteilung über das Clearing 
System ersetzt die Veröffentlichung 
gemäß vorstehendem § 13(1) jedoch 
nur, wenn die Mitteilung den Zinssatz 
betrifft oder wenn und soweit nicht eine 
Veröffentlichung 
der 
betreffenden 
Mitteilung gemäß vorstehendem § 13(1) 
gesetzlich oder durch anwendbare 
Vorschriften 
der 
Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse vorgeschrieben ist. 
The Issuer will deliver all notices 
concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Noteholders. 
Such notification via the Clearing 
System will substitute the publication in 
accordance with § 13(1) above, but only 
if and to the extent that a publication of 
notice in accordance with § 13(1) above 
is not required by law or by applicable 
rules 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange. 
(3) 
Bekanntmachungen im Bundesanzeiger. 
(3) 
Notices in the German Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger).
Wenn eine die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffende 
Mitteilung 
nach 
anwendbarem Recht im Bundesanzeiger 
bekanntzumachen ist, erfolgt zusätzlich 
die Veröffentlichung der betreffenden 
Mitteilung im Bundesanzeiger. Die 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
solchen 
Mitteilung im Bundesanzeiger berührt 
nicht die Wirksamkeit einer Mitteilung 
gemäß § 13(1) und (2).]
If the publication of any notice 
concerning the Notes is required to be 
made by applicable law in the German 
Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger), the 
relevant notice shall also be published in 
the 
German 
Federal 
Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). The publication of 
any such notice in the German Federal 
Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) shall be 
without prejudice to the efficacy of any 
notice made in accordance with § 13(1) 
and (2).]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Im Falle von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die nicht an ei-
ner Börse 
notiert sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. 
[(1) 
Notification to Clearing System. 
In case of 
Notes which 
are unlisted 
the following 
applies 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger übermitteln. 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices 
concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Noteholders. 
(2) 
Bekanntmachungen im Bundesanzeiger.
(2) 
Notices in the German Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger).
Wenn eine die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffende 
Mitteilung 
nach 
anwendbarem Recht im Bundesanzeiger 
bekanntzumachen ist, erfolgt zusätzlich 
die Veröffentlichung der betreffenden 
Mitteilung im Bundesanzeiger. Die 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
solchen 
Mitteilung im Bundesanzeiger berührt 
nicht die Wirksamkeit einer Mitteilung 
gemäß § 13(1).]
If the publication of any notice 
concerning the Notes is required to be 
made by applicable law in the German 
Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger), the 
relevant notice shall also be published in 
the 
German 
Federal 
Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). The publication of 
any such notice in the German Federal 
Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) shall be 
without prejudice to the efficacy of any 
notice 
made 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 13(1).]
[(4)]
Form der Mitteilung. 
[(4)]
Form of Notice. 
Mitteilungen, 
die 
von 
einem 
Anleihegläubiger 
gemacht 
werden, 
müssen in Textform (z.B. E-Mail oder 
Fax) oder schriftlich erfolgen und 
zusammen mit dem Nachweis seiner 
Inhaberschaft gemäß § 14(4) an den 
Fiscal Agent geschickt werden. Eine 
solche Mitteilung kann über das 
Clearing System in der von dem Fiscal 
Agent und dem Clearing System dafür 
vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder 
shall be made by means of a declaration 
in text format (Textform, e.g. email or 
fax) or in written form sent together with 
an 
evidence 
of 
the 
Noteholder's 
entitlement in accordance with § 14(4) 
to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be 
given through the Clearing System in 
such manner as the Fiscal Agent and the 
Clearing System may approve for such 
purpose. 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF 
JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) 
Anwendbares Recht. 
(1) 
Applicable Law. 
Form 
und 
Inhalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sowie 
die 
Rechte 
und 
Pflichten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
The Notes, as to form and content, and 
all rights and obligations of the 
Noteholders and the Issuer, shall be 
governed by German law. 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. 
(2) 
Submission to Jurisdiction. 
Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für 
sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") 
ist 
das 
Landgericht 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
The District Court (Landgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of 
Germany shall have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes. 
(3) 
Erfüllungsort. 
(3) 
Place of Performance. 
Erfüllungsort 
ist 
Hannover, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
Place of performance shall be Hanover, 
Federal Republic of Germany.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
(4) 
Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. 
(4) 
Enforcement. 
Jeder Anleihegläubiger ist berechtigt, in 
jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
in 
jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit, 
in 
der 
der 
Anleihegläubiger und die Emittentin 
Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
eigenen 
Namen geltend zu machen gegen 
Vorlage (i) einer Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank, die (A) den vollen Namen 
und 
die 
volle 
Anschrift 
des 
Anleihegläubigers bezeichnet, (B) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen angibt, die am 
Ausstellungstag dieser Bescheinigung 
den bei dieser Depotbank bestehenden 
Depots 
dieses 
Anleihegläubigers 
gutgeschrieben sind, und (C) bestätigt, 
dass die Depotbank dem Clearing 
System eine schriftliche Mitteilung 
gemacht hat, die die Angaben gemäß 
Buchstaben (A) und (B) enthält und 
Bestätigungsvermerke 
des 
Clearing 
Systems sowie des jeweiligen Clearing 
System-Kontoinhabers trägt; und (ii) 
einer 
von 
einem 
Vertretungsberechtigten des Clearing 
Systems 
oder 
des 
Fiscal 
Agent 
bestätigten 
Ablichtung 
der 
Globalurkunde, ohne dass eine Vorlage 
der 
Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
in 
einer 
solchen 
Rechtsstreitigkeit erforderlich wäre. 
Any Noteholder may in any Proceedings 
against the Issuer or to which the 
Noteholder and the Issuer are parties 
enforce in its own name its rights arising 
under such Notes on the basis of (i) a 
certificate issued by the Custodian (A) 
stating the full name and address of the 
Noteholder, 
(B) 
specifying 
the 
aggregate principal amount of Notes 
credited on the date of such statement to 
such Noteholder's securities account(s) 
maintained with such Custodian and (C) 
confirming that the Custodian has given 
a written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information specified in 
clauses (A) and (B) and bearing 
acknowledgements of the Clearing 
System and the relevant Clearing 
System accountholder; and (ii) a copy of 
the Global Note certified by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing 
System or the Fiscal Agent as being a 
true copy, without the need for 
production in such Proceedings of the 
actual records or the Global Note 
representing the Notes. 
In 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank 
oder 
ein 
sonstiges 
anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu 
betreiben, 
und 
bei 
der/dem 
der 
Anleihegläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing 
Systems. 
In 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions, 
"Custodian" means any bank or other 
financial 
institution 
of 
recognised 
standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which 
the Noteholder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Notes and 
which includes the Clearing System. 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE 
Falls die 
Anleihebe-
dingungen in 
deutscher 
Sprache mit 
einer Über-
setzung in die 
englische 
Sprache abge-
fasst sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche 
Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.]
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only.]
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
shall be in the 
German 
language with 
an English 
language 
translation the 
following 
applies 
Falls die 
Anleihebe-
dingungen in 
englischer 
Sprache mit 
einer Über-
setzung in die 
deutsche Spra-
che abgefasst 
sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische 
Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.]
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language and provided with a German 
language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language 
translation is provided for convenience only.]
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
shall be in the 
English 
language with 
a German 
language 
translation the 
following 
applies

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Falls die 
Anleihebe-
dingungen 
ausschließlich 
in deutscher 
Sprache abge-
fasst sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[Diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
sind 
ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.]
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language only.]
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
shall be in the 
English 
language only 
the following 
applies

--- Page 65 ---
65 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply to Euro denominated unsubordinated Floating Rate Notes 
OPTION II – Anleihebedingungen für 
in Euro denominierte nicht 
nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen 
mit variabler Verzinsung 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions 
that apply to Euro denominated 
unsubordinated Floating Rate Notes
ANLEIHE 
BEDINGUNGEN  
Deutschsprachige Fassung 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
NOTES 
English Language Version 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) 
Währung; Stückelung. 
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. 
Diese Serie der Schuldverschreibungen 
der Talanx Aktiengesellschaft (die 
"Emittentin") wird in Euro (die 
"festgelegte 
Währung") 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[falls 
die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich 
§ 1(4))] von EUR [Gesamtnennbetrag 
einfügen]
(in 
Worten: 
Euro 
[Gesamtnennbetrag 
in 
Worten 
einfügen]), 
eingeteilt 
in 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen" und jeweils 
eine "Schuldverschreibung") mit einer 
Stückelung 
von 
EUR [festgelegte 
Stückelung einfügen]12 (die "festgelegte 
Stückelung") je Schuldverschreibung, 
begeben. 
This 
series 
of 
notes 
of 
Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft (the "Issuer") is 
being issued in Euro (the "Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal 
amount [in the case the global note is 
an 
NGN 
the 
following 
applies: 
, subject 
to 
§ 1(4),] 
of 
EUR [insert 
aggregate 
principal 
amount] 
(in 
words: 
Euro 
[insert 
aggregate principal amount in words]), 
divided into notes (the "Notes" and each 
a "Note") in the specified denomination 
of 
EUR [insert 
specified 
denomination]13 
(the 
"Specified 
Denomination") per Note. 
(2) 
Form. 
(2) 
Form. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber. 
The Notes are being issued in bearer 
form. 
Im Falle von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die durch eine 
Dauerglo-
balurkunde 
verbrieft sind, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(3) 
Dauerglobalurkunde. 
[(3) 
Permanent Global Note. 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are represen-
ted by a 
Permanent 
Global Note 
the following 
applies 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt 
die 
eigenhändigen 
oder 
faksimilierten 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter 
Vertreter 
der 
Emittentin[,] [und] ist von dem Fiscal 
Agent oder in dessen Namen mit einer 
eigenhändigen 
oder 
faksimilierten 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen [im Falle 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Name der ICSDs verwahrt werden, 
und die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: und trägt die 
eigenhändige 
oder 
faksimilierte 
Unterschrift von oder im Namen des 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers 
(common safekeeper)]. Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine 
werden 
nicht 
ausgegeben.]
The Notes are represented by a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall bear the 
handwritten or facsimile signatures of 
authorised signatories of the Issuer[,] 
[and] is provided with a handwritten or 
facsimile control signature by or on 
behalf of the Fiscal Agent [in the case 
of Notes kept in custody on behalf of 
the ICSDs and the global note is an 
NGN the following applies: and bears 
the handwritten or facsimile signature 
by or on behalf of the common 
safekeeper]. 
Definitive 
Notes 
and 
interest coupons will not be issued.]
12 
Mindestens EUR 100.000. 
13 
No less than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Im Falle von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die anfänglich 
durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalur-
kunde ver-
brieft sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[(3) 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
[(3) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are initially 
represented by 
a Temporary 
Global Note 
the following 
applies 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde wird 
gegen Schuldverschreibungen in 
der festgelegten Stückelung, die 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, 
ausgetauscht. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils die eigenhändigen oder 
faksimilierten 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der 
Emittentin[,] [und] sind jeweils 
von dem Fiscal Agent oder in 
dessen 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
eigenhändigen 
oder 
faksimilierten 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen 
[im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Name der ICSDs verwahrt 
werden, 
und 
die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: und 
tragen die eigenhändige oder 
faksimilierte Unterschrift von 
oder 
im 
Namen 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers (common 
safekeeper)]. 
Einzelurkunden 
und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. 
(a) 
The 
Notes 
are 
initially 
represented by a temporary 
global note (the "Temporary
Global Note") without coupons. 
The Temporary Global Note will 
be exchangeable for Notes in the 
Specified 
Denomination 
represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") without coupons. 
The Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note shall 
each bear the handwritten or 
facsimile 
signatures 
of 
authorised signatories of the 
Issuer[,] [and] are provided with 
a 
handwritten 
or 
facsimile 
control signatures by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent [in the case 
of Notes kept in custody on 
behalf of the ICSDs and the 
global note is an NGN the 
following applies: and each bear 
the handwritten or facsimile 
signature by or on behalf of the 
common safekeeper]. Definitive 
Notes and interest coupons will 
not be issued. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird frühestens an einem Tag 
gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde 
austauschbar, der 40 Tage nach 
dem Tag der Begebung der durch 
die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
liegt. 
Ein solcher Austausch wird nur 
nach 
Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. 
Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der 
oder 
die 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U.S.-Personen 
sind 
(ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte 
Personen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über 
solche Finanzinstitute halten). 
Zinszahlungen auf durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
erst 
nach 
Vorlage 
solcher 
Bescheinigungen. 
Eine 
gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für 
jede 
solche 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach 
dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der 
Ausgabe der durch die vorläufige 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note 
shall be exchangeable for the 
Permanent Global Note from a 
date 40 days after the date of 
issue of the Notes represented by 
the Temporary Global Note. 
Such exchange shall only be 
made 
upon 
delivery 
of 
certifications to the effect that the 
beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes 
represented 
by 
the 
Temporary Global Note is not a 
U.S. person (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through 
such financial institutions) as 
required by U.S. tax law. 
Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be made only 
after 
delivery 
of 
such 
certifications. 
A 
separate 
certification shall be required in 
respect of each such payment of 
interest. Any such certification 
received on or after the 40th day 
after the date of issue of the 
Notes 
represented 
by 
the 
Temporary Global Note will be 
treated as a request to exchange 
such Temporary Global Note in 
accordance with this § 1(3)(b). 
Any 
securities delivered 
in 
exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt 
werden, 
diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß diesem 
§ 1(3)(b) 
auszutauschen. 
Wertpapiere, die im Austausch 
für die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
geliefert werden, dürfen nur 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) geliefert werden. 
only outside of the United States 
(as defined below). 
"Vereinigte 
Staaten" 
die 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
von 
Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District 
of 
Columbia) 
sowie 
deren 
Territorien 
(einschließlich 
Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin 
Islands, 
Guam, 
American 
Samoa, 
Wake 
Island 
und 
Northern Mariana Islands).]
"United States" means the 
United 
States 
of 
America 
(including the States thereof and 
the District of Columbia) and its 
possessions (including Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake 
Island and Northern Mariana 
Islands).]
(4) 
Clearing System. 
(4) 
Clearing System.
Die 
Globalurkunde, 
die 
die 
Schuldverschreibung verbrieft, wird 
von einem oder für ein Clearing System 
verwahrt. 
"Clearing 
System" 
bezeichnet [bei mehr als einem 
Clearing 
System 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
jeweils] 
Folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland ("CBF")]
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue 
JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 
Luxemburg, 
Großherzogtum Luxemburg ("CBL") 
und Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard 
du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien 
("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die 
"ICSDs")]
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
The global note representing the Notes 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf 
of the Clearing System. "Clearing 
System" means [if more than one 
Clearing 
System 
the 
following 
applies: 
each 
of] 
the 
following: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Federal Republic of Germany ("CBF")]
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue 
JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL") and 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du 
Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium 
("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each 
an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")]
and any successor in such capacity. 
Im Falle von 
Schuldver-
schrei-bungen, 
die im Namen 
der ICSDs 
verwahrt wer-
den, und falls 
die Globalur-
kunde eine 
NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in 
Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben 
und 
von 
einem 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
(common safekeeper) im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt. 
[The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common safekeeper on behalf of 
both ICSDs. 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on 
behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is 
an NGN the 
following 
applies 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem 
jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. 
Die 
Register der ICSDs (unter denen die 
Register zu verstehen sind, die jeder 
ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres 
Anteils 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) 
sind 
maßgeblicher 
Nachweis 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages der durch die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und eine für zu 
diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem 
Betrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist maßgebliche 
Bescheinigung des Inhalts des Registers 
The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes represented by the global note 
shall be the aggregate amount from time 
to time entered in the records of both 
ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records 
that each ICSD holds for its customers 
which reflect the amount of such 
customer's interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes represented 
by the global note and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD 
stating the amount of Notes so 
represented at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of 
the relevant ICSD at that time.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
des 
betreffenden 
ICSD 
zu 
dem 
fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei 
jeder 
Tilgung 
oder 
einer 
Zinszahlung 
auf 
die 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf 
und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt 
die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten 
der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des 
Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich der 
Globalurkunde entsprechend in die 
Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden, 
und 
dass 
nach 
dieser 
Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der 
in 
die 
Register 
der 
ICSDs 
aufgenommenen 
und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen 
wird. 
On any redemption or payment of 
interest being made in respect of, or 
purchase and cancellation of, any of the 
Notes represented by the global note the 
Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption, payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in 
respect of the global note shall be 
entered accordingly in the records of the 
ICSDs and, upon any such entry being 
made, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the global 
note shall be reduced by the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
Bei Austausch nur eines Teils von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, 
dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs 
entsprechend in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommen werden.]
On an exchange of a portion only of the 
Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that details of such exchange shall be 
entered accordingly in the records of the 
ICSDs.]
Im Falle von 
Schuldver-
schrei-bungen, 
die im Namen 
der ICSDs 
verwahrt wer-
den, und falls 
die Globalur-
kunde eine 
CGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in 
Form einer Classical Global Note
("CGN") ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt.]
[The Notes are issued in classical global 
note ("CGN") form and are kept in 
custody by a common depositary on 
behalf of both ICSDs.]
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on 
behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is a 
CGN the 
following 
applies 
(5) 
Anleihegläubiger. 
(5) 
Noteholders. 
"Anleihegläubiger" bezeichnet jeden 
Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
[der][den] Globalurkunde[n]. 
"Noteholder" means any holder of a 
proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the global 
note[s]. 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE OF THE 
ISSUER 
(1) 
Status. 
(1) 
Status. 
Die 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht 
besicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nicht 
besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit 
diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch 
zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen 
ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
The obligations under the Notes 
constitute 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
ranking pari passu among themselves 
and pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, unless such obligations are 
accorded priority under mandatory 
provisions of statutory law. 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. 
(2) 
Negative Pledge. 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich solange 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ausstehen, 
The Issuer undertakes as long as any 
Notes are outstanding, but only up to the

--- Page 69 ---
69 
jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem 
alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen dem 
Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung gestellt 
worden 
sind, 
für 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, 
einschließlich 
dafür 
übernommener 
Garantien 
und 
sonstiger 
Gewährleistungen, keine dinglichen 
Sicherheiten an ihren derzeitigen oder 
zukünftigen 
Vermögensgegenständen 
für 
andere 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
zu 
bestellen 
oder 
aufrechtzuerhalten, 
sofern nicht die Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen zugleich oder 
zuvor gleichrangig und anteilig an einer 
solchen 
Sicherheit teilhaben, oder 
diesbezüglich eine Sicherheit oder 
Garantie 
oder 
anderweitige 
Haftungsvereinbarung 
zu 
im 
Wesentlichen gleichen Bedingungen 
gewährt wird. Die Verpflichtung nach 
dem 
vorhergehenden 
Satz 
besteht 
jedoch nicht für solche Sicherheiten, die 
(i) 
nach 
anwendbaren 
Recht 
vorgeschrieben sind, oder (ii) im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
staatlichen 
Genehmigungen verlangt werden. Eine 
nach dem ersten Satz zu leistende 
Sicherheit kann auch gegenüber einem 
Treuhänder 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
bestellt werden. 
time at which all amounts of principal 
and interest have been placed at the 
disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to 
provide or permit to subsist any 
mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other 
encumbrance 
in 
rem 
(dingliche 
Sicherheit) upon any or all of its present 
or future assets for any other Capital 
Market Indebtedness, including any 
guarantees 
or 
other 
indemnities 
assumed in respect thereof, unless, at the 
same time or prior thereto, the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes are secured 
equally and rateably therewith or benefit 
from a security interest or guarantee or 
other 
assumption 
of 
liability 
in 
substantially identical terms thereto, as 
the case may be. The undertaking 
pursuant to the preceding sentence shall 
not apply to a security (i) which is 
mandatory according to applicable laws, 
or (ii) which is required as a prerequisite 
for 
governmental 
approvals. 
Any 
security which is to be provided 
pursuant to the first sentence may also 
be provided to a trustee on behalf of the 
Noteholders. 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet alle gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
bezüglich Geldaufnahmen (gleich ob 
Kapital, Aufgeld, Zinsen oder andere 
Beträge) der Emittentin oder eines 
Dritten in der Form von oder verbrieft 
durch (i) Schuldverschreibungen oder 
ähnlichen Wertpapieren, soweit sie an 
einer Börse oder im Freiverkehr notiert 
sind oder gehandelt werden können, 
oder (ii) Schuldscheindarlehen nach 
deutschem Recht. 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means 
any present or future indebtedness in 
respect of borrowed money (whether 
being principal, premium, interest or 
other amounts) of the Issuer or any third 
party which is in the form of, or 
represented by, (i) bonds or similar 
securities which are or are capable of 
being traded on any stock exchange or 
over-the-counter securities market, or 
(ii) certificates 
of 
indebtedness 
(Schuldscheindarlehen) governed by 
German law. 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) 
Zinszahlungstage. 
(1) 
Interest Payment Dates. 
(a) 
Jede Schuldverschreibung wird 
bezogen auf ihre festgelegte 
Stückelung 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen]
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) mit einem jährlichen 
Satz, der dem Zinssatz (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
entspricht, verzinst. Die Zinsen 
für 
jede 
Zinsperiode 
sind 
nachträglich 
an 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. Der zu 
zahlende Zinsbetrag wird gemäß 
§ 3(5) berechnet. 
(a) 
Each Note bears interest on its 
Specified Denomination at the 
rate per annum equal to the Rate 
of Interest (as defined below) 
from 
and 
including 
[insert 
Interest Commencement Date]
(the "Interest Commencement 
Date") for the relevant Interest 
Period 
(as 
defined 
below). 
Interest for each Interest Period 
will be payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The 
Interest Amount payable shall be 
determined in accordance with 
§ 3(5).
(b) 
"Zinszahlungstag" bezeichnet, 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Geschäfts-
tagekonvention, 
den 
[Zinszahlungstag(e) und gege-
benenfalls erster kurzer oder 
langer Kupon einfügen] eines 
(b) 
"Interest 
Payment 
Date" 
means, subject to the Business 
Day Convention, [insert Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
and 
if 
applicable, any short or long 
first coupon] in each year. The

--- Page 70 ---
70 
jeden Jahres. Der erste Zins-
zahlungstag ist, vorbehaltlich der 
Geschäftstagekonvention, 
der 
[●]. 
first Interest Payment Date will 
be [●], subject to the Business 
Day Convention. 
(c) 
"Geschäftstagekonvention" hat 
die folgende Bedeutung: Fällt ein 
Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, 
der kein Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 4(4) definiert) ist, dann wird 
der Zinszahlungstag auf den 
nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener 
würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem 
Falle wird der Zinszahlungstag 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden 
Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen. 
(c) 
"Business Day Convention" has 
the following meaning: If any 
Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is 
not a Business Day (as defined in 
§ 4(4)), the Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in 
which event the Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to 
the 
immediately 
preceding 
Business Day. 
(2) 
Zinssatz. 
(2) 
Rate of Interest. 
Der "Zinssatz" für jede Zinsperiode ist 
der Zinssatz per annum, der dem 
Referenzsatz (wie in § 3(3) definiert) 
[[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)] 
entspricht, 
wobei der Zinssatz mindestens 0,00 % 
per annum beträgt. 
The "Rate of Interest" for each Interest 
Period will be a rate per annum equal to 
the Reference Rate (as defined in § 3(3)) 
[[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined 
below)], subject to a minimum Rate of 
Interest of 0.00 % per annum. 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
["Marge" 
bezeichnet 
[anwendbare 
Formulierung für die Marge einfügen]]. 
["Margin" means [insert applicable 
formulation for the Margin]]. 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) sowie 
jeden folgenden Zeitraum ab jeden 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zu 
dem 
jeweils 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
"Interest Period" means the period 
from 
and 
including 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first Interest Payment Date and 
thereafter from and including each 
Interest Payment Date to but excluding 
the next following Interest Payment 
Date. 
(3) 
Feststellung des Referenzsatzes. 
(3) 
Determination of the Reference Rate. 
Die Berechnungsstelle bestimmt an 
jedem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
den 
betreffenden 
Referenzsatz 
nach 
Maßgabe dieses § 3(3). 
The Calculation Agent will determine 
the 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate 
in 
accordance with this § 3(3) on each 
Interest Determination Date. 
Der 
"Referenzsatz" 
für 
jede 
Zinsperiode wird wie folgt bestimmt: 
The "Reference Rate" for each Interest 
Period will be determined as follows: 
(a) 
Für jede Zinsperiode, die vor 
dem Eintritt des jeweiligen 
Stichtags 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(4)(g) 
definiert) beginnt, entspricht der 
Referenzsatz 
dem 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
(a) 
For 
each 
Interest 
Period 
beginning prior to the occurrence 
of the relevant Effective Date (as 
defined 
in 
§ 3(4)(g)), 
the 
Reference Rate will be equal to 
the Original Benchmark Rate on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
Falls 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
dem 
betreffenden Zeitpunkt an dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt wird, entspricht der 
Referenzsatz 
dem 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz 
auf der Bildschirmseite an dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
an 
dem 
dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde. 
If the Original Benchmark Rate 
does not appear on the Screen 
Page as at the relevant time on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
the 
Reference Rate shall be equal to 
the Original Benchmark Rate on 
the Screen Page on the last day 
preceding 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark Rate 
was displayed.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
(b) 
Für 
die 
Zinsperiode, 
die 
unmittelbar nach dem jeweiligen 
Stichtag beginnt, und für alle 
folgenden Zinsperioden wird der 
Referenzsatz 
gemäß 
§ 3(4) 
bestimmt. 
(b) 
For 
the 
Interest 
Period 
commencing immediately after 
the relevant Effective Date and 
all following Interest Periods, the 
Reference 
Rate 
will 
be 
determined in accordance with 
§ 3(4). 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 
oder eine andere Bildschirmseite von 
Reuters oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter als Nachfolger, 
welche die Reuters Bildschirmseite 
EURIBOR01 zur Anzeige solcher Sätze 
ersetzt. 
"Screen Page" means the Reuters 
screen page EURIBOR01 or such other 
screen page of Reuters or such other 
information service which is the 
successor to the Reuters screen page 
EURIBOR01 for purposes of displaying 
such rates. 
"T2-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen 
Tag, an dem das Real-time Gross 
Settlement System des Eurosystems 
oder dessen Nachfolgesystem (T2) 
betriebsbereit ist. 
"T2 Business Day" means a day on 
which the real-time gross settlement 
system operated by the Eurosystem or 
any successor system (T2) is operating. 
"Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz" an 
einem Tag bezeichnet (vorbehaltlich 
§ 3(4)) die [1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-Monats Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum), die an dem 
betreffenden 
Tag 
um 
11:00 
Uhr 
(Brüsseler Ortszeit) festgesetzt und auf 
der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird. 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any 
day means (subject to § 3(4)) the [1 / 3 / 
6 / 12]-month Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) fixed at, and appearing on the 
Screen Page as of, 11:00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on such day. 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" bezeichnet den 
zweiten T2-Geschäftstag vor Beginn der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode. 
"Interest Determination Date" means 
the second T2 Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest 
Period. 
Falls ein 
kurzer oder 
langer erster 
Kupon 
vorliegt und 
Interpolation 
anzuwenden 
ist, ist Fol-
gendes an-
wendbar 
Für die erste Zinsperiode legt die 
Berechnungsstelle den Referenzsatz am 
Zinsfestsetzungstag in kaufmännisch 
vernünftiger 
Weise 
durch 
lineare 
Interpolation 
zwischen 
zwei 
Referenzsätzen fest, von denen (i) der 
eine Referenzsatz für einen Zeitraum zu 
bestimmen ist, für den es einen dem 
Referenzsatz 
vergleichbaren 
Referenzsatz gibt und der der Länge der 
anwendbaren Zinsperiode am nächsten 
kommt, aber kürzer als diese ist und 
(ii) der andere Referenzsatz für einen 
Zeitraum zu bestimmen ist, für den es 
einen dem Referenzsatz vergleichbaren 
Referenzsatz gibt und der der Länge der 
anwendbaren Zinsperiode am nächsten 
kommt, aber länger als diese ist. 
In respect of the first Interest Period, the 
Reference Rate shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in a 
commercially reasonable manner using 
the 
straight-line 
interpolation 
by 
reference to two reference rates, (i) one 
of which shall be determined for a term 
for which a reference rate similar to the 
Reference Rate is available and which is 
next closest to but shorter than the 
applicable Interest Period and (ii) the 
other of which shall be determined for a 
term for which a reference rate similar 
to the Reference Rate is available and 
which is next closest to but longer than 
the applicable Interest Period. 
In the case a 
short/long first 
coupon is 
applicable and 
interpolation 
is applicable, 
the following 
applies 
(4) 
Benchmark-Ereignis. 
(4) 
Benchmark Event. 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis (wie in 
§ 3(4)(f) definiert) in Bezug auf den 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz eintritt, 
gilt 
für 
die 
Bestimmung 
des 
betreffenden Referenzsatzes und die 
Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß § 3 Folgendes: 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in 
§ 3(4)(f)) occurs in relation to the 
Original Benchmark Rate, the relevant 
Reference Rate and the interest on the 
Notes in accordance with § 3 will be 
determined as follows: 
(a) 
Unabhängiger Berater. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
sich 
bemühen, sobald dies (nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
der 
Emittentin) nach Eintritt des 
The Issuer shall, as soon as this is 
(in 
the 
Issuer's 
reasonable 
discretion) required following 
the occurrence of the Benchmark

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Benchmark-Ereignisses und vor 
dem 
nächsten 
Zinsfestsetzungstag erforderlich 
ist, einen Unabhängigen Berater 
(wie in § 3(4)(f) definiert) zu 
benennen, der nach billigem 
Ermessen 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz (wie in § 3(4)(f) 
definiert), 
die 
Anpassungsspanne 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(4)(f) definiert) und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen (wie in 
§ 3(4)(d) definiert) festlegt. 
Event and prior to the next 
Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
endeavour 
to 
appoint 
an 
Independent Adviser (as defined 
in § 3(4)(f)), who will determine 
in its reasonable discretion a 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
(as 
defined 
in 
§ 3(4)(f)), 
the 
Adjustment Spread (as defined in 
§ 3(4)(f)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (as defined in 
§ 3(4)(d)). 
(b) 
Ausweichsatz (Fallback). 
(b) 
Fallback rate. 
Wenn vor dem 10. Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
If, prior to the 10th Business Day 
prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, 
(i) 
die 
Emittentin 
keinen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
ernannt hat; oder 
(i) 
the 
Issuer 
has 
not 
appointed an Independent 
Adviser; or
(ii) 
der 
ernannte 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
keinen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
keine 
Anpassungsspanne 
und/oder 
keine 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
(sofern 
erforderlich) 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(4) 
festgelegt hat, 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it has not 
determined 
a 
New 
Benchmark Rate, has not 
determined 
the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and/or has not determined 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if required) 
in accordance with this 
§ 3(4), 
dann entspricht der Referenzsatz 
für die nächste Zinsperiode dem 
anwendbaren Ausweichsatz. 
then 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
applicable to the immediately 
following Interest Period shall be 
the applicable Fallback Rate. 
"Ausweichsatz" bezeichnet für 
jede nachfolgende Zinsperiode 
den 
an 
dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
festgestellten Referenzsatz. 
"Fallback Rate" means, for each 
Interest Period, the Reference 
Rate determined on the last 
preceding Interest Determination 
Date. 
Falls der Ausweichsatz zur 
Anwendung kommt, wird § 3(4) 
erneut angewendet, um den 
Referenzsatz für die nächste 
nachfolgende 
(und, 
sofern 
notwendig, 
weitere 
nachfolgende) Zinsperiode(n) zu 
bestimmen. 
If the Fallback Rate is to be 
applied, § 3(4) will be operated 
again to determine the Reference 
Rate applicable to the next 
subsequent (and, if required, 
further 
subsequent) 
Interest 
Period(s). 
(c) 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz oder 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
(c) 
Successor Benchmark Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate. 
Falls der Unabhängige Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
feststellt, 
If 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines in its reasonable 
discretion that: 
(i) 
dass es einen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann 
ist 
dieser 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz der Neue 
Benchmarksatz; oder 
(i) 
there 
is 
a 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate, then 
such 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate shall be 
the 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate; or 
(ii) 
dass es keinen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz 
aber 
einen 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann 
ist 
dieser 
Alternativ-
(ii) 
there is no Successor 
Benchmark Rate but that 
there is an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, then 
such 
Alternative 
Benchmark Rate shall be

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Benchmarksatz der Neue 
Benchmarksatz. 
the 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate. 
In beiden Fällen entspricht der 
Referenzsatz für die unmittelbar 
nach dem Stichtag beginnende 
Zinsperiode und alle folgenden 
Zinsperioden 
dann 
(x) dem 
Neuen Benchmarksatz an dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
zuzüglich 
(y) der 
Anpassungsspanne. 
In either case the Reference Rate 
for 
the 
Interest 
Period 
commencing immediately after 
the Effective Date and all 
following Interest Periods will 
then be (x) the New Benchmark 
Rate on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date plus (y) the 
Adjustment Spread. 
(d) 
Benchmark-Änderungen. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments. 
Wenn ein Neuer Benchmarksatz 
und 
die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsspanne 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(4) festgelegt werden, 
und wenn der Unabhängige 
Berater nach billigem Ermessen 
feststellt, 
dass 
Änderungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
notwendig 
sind, 
um 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des Neuen Benchmarksatzes und 
der 
entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne 
zu 
gewährleisten 
(diese 
Änderungen, die "Benchmark-
Änderungen"), dann wird der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
die 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
nach 
billigem Ermessen feststellen. 
If any New Benchmark Rate and 
the 
applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread 
are 
determined 
in 
accordance with this § 3(4), and 
if 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines in its reasonable 
discretion that amendments to 
these Terms and Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper 
operation 
of 
such 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
and 
the 
applicable Adjustment Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments"), 
then the Independent Adviser 
will determine the Benchmark 
Amendments in its reasonable 
discretion. 
Diese Benchmark-Änderungen 
können insbesondere folgende 
Regelungen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen erfassen: 
Such Benchmark Amendments 
may include, without limitation, 
the following conditions of these 
Terms and Conditions: 
(i) 
die 
Feststellung 
des 
Referenzsatzes 
gemäß 
§ 3(3) und diesem § 3(4); 
und/oder 
(i) 
the determination of the 
Reference 
Rate 
in 
accordance with § 3(3) 
and this § 3(4); and/or 
(ii) 
die 
Definitionen 
der 
Begriffe "Geschäftstag", 
"Zinsperiode", 
"Zinstagequotient", 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" 
und/oder 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
(einschließlich 
der 
Festlegung, 
ob 
der 
Referenzsatz 
vorwärts- 
oder 
rückwärtsgerichtet 
bestimmt wird); und/oder 
(ii) 
the definitions of the 
terms "Business Day", 
"Interest Period", "Day 
Count Fraction", "Interest 
Determination 
Date" 
and/or "Interest Payment 
Date" 
(including 
the 
determination 
whether 
the Reference Rate will 
be 
determined 
on 
a 
forward looking or a 
backward looking basis); 
and/or 
(iii) 
die 
Geschäftstagekon-
vention gemäß der De-
finition des Begriffs "Ge-
schäftstagekonvention" 
und den Zahltag gemäß 
§ 4(4). 
(iii) 
the 
business 
day 
convention 
in 
the 
definition of the term 
"Business 
Day 
Convention" 
and 
the 
payment 
date 
in 
accordance with § 4(4). 
(e) 
Mitteilungen etc.
(e) 
Notices etc.
(i) 
Die Emittentin wird einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne, 
etwaige 
Benchmark-
Änderungen 
und 
den 
betreffenden 
Stichtag 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(4) 
bzw. den Ausweichsatz 
gemäß 
§ 3(4)(b) 
dem 
(i) 
The Issuer will notify any 
New Benchmark Rate, 
the Adjustment Spread, 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and 
the 
relevant 
Effective 
Date 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
this 
§ 3(4) or the Fallback

--- Page 74 ---
74 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
den 
Zahlstellen 
und 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
mitteilen, 
und 
zwar 
sobald 
eine 
solche 
Mitteilung (nach billigem 
Ermessen der Emittentin) 
nach deren Feststellung 
erforderlich 
ist, 
spätestens jedoch an dem 
10. Geschäftstag vor dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
Rate in accordance with 
§ 3(4)(b), as the case may 
be, to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation 
Agent 
as 
soon as such notification 
is 
(in 
the 
Issuer's 
reasonable 
discretion) 
required following the 
determination thereof, but 
in any event not later than 
on the 10th Business Day 
prior to 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date. 
(ii) 
Die Emittentin wird einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne 
und etwaige Benchmark-
Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(4) bzw. den 
Ausweichsatz 
gemäß 
§ 3(4)(b) 
den 
Anleihegläubigern gemäß 
§ 13 mitteilen, und zwar 
sobald wie möglich nach 
der 
Mitteilung 
gemäß 
Ziffer (i). Eine solche 
Mitteilung 
ist 
unwiderruflich und hat 
den Stichtag zu benennen. 
(ii) 
The Issuer will notify any 
New Benchmark Rate, 
the Adjustment Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(if 
any) 
determined in accordance 
with this § 3(4) or the 
Fallback 
Rate 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 3(4)(b), as the case may 
be, to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 13 as 
soon 
as 
practicable 
following the notice in 
accordance with clause 
(i). Such notice shall be 
irrevocable 
and 
shall 
specify 
the 
Effective 
Date. 
Der 
Neue 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-
Änderungen 
bzw. 
der 
Ausweichsatz sowie der 
betreffende Stichtag, die 
jeweils in der Mitteilung 
benannt 
werden, 
sind 
(sofern 
nicht 
ein 
offensichtlicher 
Irrtum 
vorliegt) 
für 
die 
Emittentin, den Fiscal 
Agent, die Zahlstellen, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
und die Anleihegläubiger 
bindend. 
The 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) or the fallback 
rate, as the case may be, 
and the relevant Effective 
Date, each as specified in 
such notice, will (in the 
absence of manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying 
Agents, 
the 
Calculation Agent and the 
Noteholders. 
(iii) 
Die Anleihebedingungen 
gelten ab dem Stichtag als 
durch 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
die etwaigen Benchmark-
Änderungen geändert. 
(iii) 
The 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
shall 
be 
deemed to have been 
amended by the New 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
Adjustment Spread and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(if 
any) 
with effect from the 
Effective Date. 
(f) 
Definitionen. 
(f) 
Definitions. 
Zur Verwendung in diesem 
§ 3(4): 
As used in this § 3(4): 
Die "Anpassungsspanne", die 
positiv, negativ oder gleich Null 
sein kann, wird in Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt 
und 
bezeichnet 
entweder (x) die Spanne oder (y) 
das Ergebnis der Anwendung der 
The 
"Adjustment 
Spread", 
which may be positive, negative 
or zero, will be expressed in basis 
points and means either (x) the 
spread, or (y) the result of the 
operation of the formula or

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Formel 
oder 
Methode 
zur 
Berechnung der Spanne, die 
methodology for calculating the 
spread, which 
(i) 
im Falle eines Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatzes formell 
im Zusammenhang mit 
der 
Ersetzung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes durch 
den 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz von dem 
Maßgeblichen 
Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wird; oder 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
is 
formally recommended in 
relation 
to 
the 
replacement 
of 
the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
with 
the 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate by the 
Relevant 
Nominating 
Body; or 
(ii) 
(sofern keine Empfehlung 
gemäß 
Ziffer 
(i) 
abgegeben wurde oder im 
Falle eines Alternativ-
Benchmarksatzes) 
üblicherweise 
an 
den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten 
auf 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
angewendet 
wird, 
um 
einen 
industrieweit 
akzeptierten 
Ersatz-
Benchmarksatz für den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
erzeugen, 
wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen 
durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen vorgenommen 
werden; oder 
(ii) 
(if no recommendation 
pursuant to clause (i) has 
been made, or in the case 
of 
an 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate) 
is 
customarily applied to the 
New Benchmark Rate in 
the 
international 
debt 
capital 
markets 
to 
produce 
an 
industry-
accepted 
replacement 
benchmark rate for the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate, provided that all 
determinations will be 
made by the Independent 
Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion; or 
(iii) 
(sofern der Unabhängige 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen feststellt, dass 
keine 
solche 
Spanne 
üblicherweise 
angewendet wird, und 
dass das Folgende für die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
angemessen 
ist) 
als 
industrieweiter Standard 
für 
Over-the-Counter-
Derivatetransaktionen, 
die 
sich 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz beziehen, 
anerkannt oder bestätigt 
ist, 
wenn 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz durch den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
ersetzt worden ist, wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen 
durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen vorgenommen 
werden. 
(iii) 
(if 
the 
Independent 
Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion determines that 
no 
such 
spread 
is 
customarily applied and 
that the following would 
be appropriate for the 
Notes) is recognised or 
acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for 
over-the-counter 
derivative 
transactions 
which 
reference 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate, where the Original 
Benchmark Rate has been 
replaced by the New 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
provided 
that 
all 
determinations will be 
made by the Independent 
Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion. 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
alternative 
Benchmark 
oder 
einen 
alternativen Bildschirmsatz, die 
bzw. der üblicherweise an den 
internationalen 
Anleihe-
kapitalmärkten zur Bestimmung 
von variablen Zinssätzen in der 
festgelegten 
Währung 
angewendet 
wird, 
wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen durch 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" 
means an alternative benchmark 
or an alternative screen rate 
which is customarily applied in 
the international debt capital 
markets for the purpose of 
determining floating rates of 
interest 
in 
the 
Specified 
Currency, provided that all 
determinations will be made by 
the Independent Adviser.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
den 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
vorgenommen werden. 
Ein "Benchmark-Ereignis" tritt 
ein, wenn: 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs 
if: 
(i) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
oder 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen von oder 
im Namen der für den 
Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
vorgenommen wird, (x) 
aus der hervorgeht, dass 
dieser Administrator die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
eingestellt 
hat 
oder 
einstellen wird, es sei 
denn, 
es 
gibt 
einen 
Nachfolgeadministrator, 
der den Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz weiterhin 
bereitstellt, 
oder 
(y) 
aufgrund 
derer 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz allgemein 
oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht mehr verwendet 
werden darf; oder 
(i) 
a public statement or 
publication 
of 
information by or on 
behalf of the regulatory 
supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
administrator is made, (x) 
stating 
that 
said 
administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely, unless there 
is 
a 
successor 
administrator that will 
continue to provide the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
or 
(y) 
as 
a 
consequence of which the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
will be prohibited from 
being 
used 
either 
generally, or in respect of 
the Notes; or 
(ii) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
oder 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen von oder 
im 
Namen 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird, aus 
der hervorgeht, dass der 
Administrator 
die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
eingestellt 
hat 
oder 
einstellen wird, es sei 
denn, 
es 
gibt 
einen 
Nachfolgeadministrator, 
der den Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
(ii) 
a public statement or 
publication 
of 
information by or on 
behalf of the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
administrator is made, 
stating 
that 
said 
administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely, unless there 
is 
a 
successor 
administrator that will 
continue to provide the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate; or 
(iii) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
veröffentlicht 
wird, 
wonach 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
ihrer 
Ansicht nach nicht mehr 
repräsentativ 
für 
den 
zugrunde 
liegenden 
(iii) 
a public statement by the 
regulatory supervisor of 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate 
administrator 
is 
made that, in its view, the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
is no longer, or will no 
longer be, representative 
of the underlying market 
it purports to measure and 
no action to remediate 
such a situation is taken or 
expected to be taken as

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Markt, den er zu messen 
vorgibt, ist oder sein wird, 
und 
keine 
von 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
geforderten Maßnahmen 
zur 
Behebung 
einer 
solchen 
Situation 
ergriffen werden oder zu 
erwarten sind; oder 
required by the regulatory 
supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
administrator; or 
(iv) 
die 
Verwendung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
aus 
irgendeinem Grund nach 
einem Gesetz oder einer 
Verordnung, die in Bezug 
auf die Zahlstellen, die 
Berechnungsstelle 
oder 
die Emittentin anwendbar 
sind, 
rechtswidrig 
geworden ist; oder 
(iv) 
it has become, for any 
reason, unlawful under 
any law or regulation 
applicable to any Paying 
Agent, the Calculation 
Agent or the Issuer to use 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate; or 
(v) 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
ohne 
vorherige 
offizielle 
Ankündigung durch die 
zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder 
den 
Administrator 
dauerhaft 
nicht 
mehr 
veröffentlicht wird; oder 
(v) 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate is permanently no 
longer published without 
a 
previous 
official 
announcement 
by 
the 
regulatory supervisor or 
the administrator; or 
(vi) 
eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung 
der 
Methodologie 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird. 
(vi) 
a material change is made 
to 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
methodology. 
"Maßgebliches 
Nominierungsgremium" 
be-
zeichnet in Bezug auf die 
Ersetzung des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes: 
"Relevant Nominating Body" 
means, 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate: 
(i) 
die Zentralbank für die 
Währung, auf die sich die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz 
bezieht, 
oder eine Zentralbank 
oder 
andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für 
die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
der 
Benchmark 
bzw. 
des 
Bildschirmsatzes 
zuständig ist; oder 
(i) 
the central bank for the 
currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other 
regulatory 
supervisor 
which is responsible for 
supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(ii) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder 
jeden Ausschuss, die oder 
der 
von 
(A) 
der 
Zentralbank 
für 
die 
Währung auf die sich die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz 
bezieht, 
(B) 
einer 
Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für 
die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
der 
Benchmark 
bzw. 
des 
Bildschirmsatzes 
zuständig ist, (C) einer 
Gruppe 
der 
zuvor 
(ii) 
any working group or 
committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the 
request of (A) the central 
bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, (B) any central 
bank or other supervisory 
authority 
which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable), (C) a

--- Page 78 ---
78 
genannten Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderer 
Aufsichtsbehörden oder 
(D) 
dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financial 
Stability 
Board) oder Teilen davon 
gefördert, geführt oder 
mitgeführt wird oder auf 
deren Verlangen gebildet 
wird. 
group 
of 
the 
aforementioned 
central 
banks 
or 
other 
supervisory authorities or 
(D) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Nachfolger 
oder Ersatz des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, der formell 
durch 
ein 
Maßgebliches 
Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wurde. 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" 
means 
a 
successor 
to 
or 
replacement of the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
which 
is 
formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
"Neuer Benchmarksatz" be-
zeichnet den jeweils gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(4) 
bestimmten 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz bzw. 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
"New Benchmark Rate" means 
the Successor Benchmark Rate 
or, as the case may be, the 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
determined in accordance with 
this § 3(4). 
"Unabhängiger 
Berater" 
bezeichnet 
ein 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
ernanntes 
unabhängiges Finanzinstitut mit 
internationalem Ansehen oder 
einen anderen von der Emittentin 
ernannten 
unabhängigen 
Finanzberater mit Erfahrung in 
den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten. 
"Independent Adviser" means 
an 
independent 
financial 
institution of international repute 
or other independent financial 
adviser 
experienced 
in 
the 
international 
debt 
capital 
markets, in each case appointed 
by the Issuer. 
(g) 
Stichtag. 
(g) 
Effective Date. 
Der Stichtag für die Anwendung 
des Neuen Benchmarksatzes, der 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
der 
etwaigen 
Benchmark-
Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(4) (der "Stichtag") ist der 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, der auf den 
frühesten der folgenden Tage 
fällt oder diesem nachfolgt: 
The effective date for the 
application 
of 
the 
New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) determined 
under this § 3(4) (the "Effective 
Date") will be the Interest 
Determination Date falling on or 
after the earliest of the following 
dates: 
(i) 
den Tag, an dem die 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
eingestellt wird, den Tag 
an dem der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
eingestellt wird bzw. den 
Tag, 
ab 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
nicht 
mehr 
repräsentativ 
ist 
oder sein wird, wenn das 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund 
der 
Ziffern 
(i)(x), (ii) bzw. (iii) der 
Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
(i) 
if the Benchmark Event 
has occurred as a result of 
clauses (i)(x), (ii) or (iii) 
of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", 
the date of cessation of 
publication 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate, the date of the 
discontinuation of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
or the date as from which 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate is, or will no longer 
be, representative, as the 
case may be; or 
(ii) 
den Tag, ab dem der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
nicht 
mehr verwendet werden 
darf, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
(ii) 
if the Benchmark Event 
has occurred as a result of 
clauses (i)(y) or (iv) of the 
definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the

--- Page 79 ---
79 
aufgrund 
der 
Ziffern 
(i)(y) 
oder 
(iv) 
der 
Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
date from which the 
prohibition applies; or 
(iii) 
den Tag des Eintritts des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, 
wenn das Benchmark-
Ereignis 
aufgrund 
der 
Ziffern (v) oder (vi) der 
Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist. 
(iii) 
if the Benchmark Event 
has occurred as a result of 
clauses (v) or (vi) of the 
definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the 
date of the occurrence of 
the Benchmark Event. 
(h) 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis 
in Bezug auf einen Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
eintritt, 
gilt 
dieser § 3(4) entsprechend für 
die 
Ersetzung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes durch einen 
neuen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. In diesem Falle 
gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesem 
§ 3 
auf 
den 
Begriff 
"Ursprünglicher 
Benchmark-
satz" als Bezugnahme auf den 
zuletzt 
verwendeten 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz. 
(h) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to any New Benchmark 
Rate, this § 3(4) shall apply 
mutatis 
mutandis 
to 
the 
replacement 
of 
such 
New 
Benchmark Rate by any new 
Successor Benchmark Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, as 
the case may be. In this case, any 
reference in this § 3 to the term 
"Original Benchmark Rate" shall 
be deemed to be a reference to 
the New Benchmark Rate that 
last applied. 
(i) 
In diesem § 3 schließt jede 
Bezugnahme auf den Begriff 
"Ursprünglicher 
Benchmark-
satz" gegebenenfalls auch eine 
Bezugnahme auf eine etwaige 
Teilkomponente des Ursprüng-
lichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
ein, 
wenn 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
diese 
Teilkomponente ein Benchmark-
Ereignis eingetreten ist. 
(i) 
Any reference in this § 3 to the 
term "Original Benchmark Rate" 
shall be deemed to include a 
reference to any component part 
thereof, if any, in respect of 
which a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. 
(5) 
Zinsbetrag. 
(5) 
Interest Amount. 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird an oder 
unverzüglich 
nach 
jedem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
fälligen 
Zinsbetrag bezogen auf die festgelegte 
Stückelung (der "Zinsbetrag") für die 
entsprechende Zinsperiode berechnen. 
Der Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der 
Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
auf 
die 
festgelegte 
Stückelung 
angewendet 
werden, wobei der resultierende Betrag 
auf den nächsten EUR 0,01 auf- oder 
abgerundet wird, wobei EUR 0,005 
aufgerundet werden. 
The Calculation Agent will, on or 
without undue delay (unverzüglich) 
after each Interest Determination Date, 
calculate the amount of interest (the 
"Interest Amount") payable on the 
Notes in respect of the Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as 
defined 
below) 
to 
the 
Specified 
Denomination 
and 
rounding 
the 
resulting figure to the nearest EUR 0.01, 
EUR 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet 
im 
Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines 
Betrages 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum") 
die 
tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 360 (Actual/360). 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in 
respect of the calculation of an amount 
of interest on any Note for any period of 
time (the "Calculation Period"), the 
actual number of days in the relevant 
Calculation Period divided by 360 
(Actual/360). 
(6) 
Mitteilungen. 
(6) 
Notifications. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, der 
Zinsbetrag 
für 
die 
jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, die jeweilige Zinsperiode 
und der betreffende Zinszahlungstag der 
The Calculation Agent will cause the 
Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Period, each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer, to the

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Emittentin, 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch Mitteilung gemäß § 13 und jeder 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
auf 
Veranlassung 
der 
Emittentin notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, 
unverzüglich, aber keinesfalls später als 
am 
ersten 
Tag 
der 
jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode mitgeteilt werden. Im Falle 
einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung 
der Zinsperiode können der mitgeteilte 
Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag ohne 
Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst 
(oder 
andere 
geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen 
getroffen) 
werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird 
unverzüglich 
allen 
maßgeblichen 
Börsen, 
an 
denen 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
auf 
Veranlassung 
der 
Emittentin notiert sind, sowie den 
Anleihegläubigern 
gemäß 
§ 13 
mitgeteilt. 
Noteholders by notice in accordance 
with § 13 and, if required by the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed at the 
initiative of the Issuer, to such stock 
exchange, 
without 
undue 
delay 
(unverzüglich), but in no event later than 
the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently 
be 
amended 
(or 
appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will be notified to any 
relevant stock exchange on which the 
Notes are then listed at the initiative of 
the Issuer and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 13 without undue 
delay (unverzüglich). 
(7) 
Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. 
(7) 
Determinations binding. 
Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke 
dieses 
§ 3 
gemacht, 
abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind 
(sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum 
vorliegt) für die Emittentin, den Fiscal 
Agent, 
die 
Zahlstellen 
und 
die 
Anleihegläubiger bindend. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations 
and 
decisions 
given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by 
the Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders. 
(8) 
Ende des Zinslaufs. 
(8) 
Cessation of Interest Accrual. 
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet an dem 
Ende 
des 
Tages, 
der 
dem 
Tag 
vorausgeht, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung 
fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht zurückzahlt, ist die festgelegte 
Stückelung jeder Schuldverschreibung 
ab 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Fälligkeit 
(einschließlich) bis zu dem Tag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) 
in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten 
Zinssatzes 
für 
Verzugszinsen 
zu 
verzinsen.14
The Notes shall cease to bear interest 
from the end of the day preceding the 
date on which they fall due (fällig) for 
redemption. If the Issuer fails to redeem 
the Notes when due (fällig), each Note 
will bear interest on its Specified 
Denomination from and including the 
due date to but excluding the day of 
actual redemption of the Notes at the 
statutory default rate of interest.15
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) 
Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
(1) 
Payment of Principal and Interest. 
Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zinsen in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
nachstehenden § 4(2) an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift 
auf 
den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
Payment of principal and interest in 
respect of Notes shall be made, subject 
to § 4(2) below, to the Clearing System 
or to its order for credit to the accounts 
of the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System. 
14 
Am Tag der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte 
über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz. 
15 
As of the date of issue of the Notes the default rate of interest for the year established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published 
by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Im Falle von 
Zinszahlungen 
auf eine 
vorläufige 
Global-
urkunde ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, erfolgt erst nach ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1(3)(b).]
[Payment 
of 
interest 
on 
Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global 
Note shall be made only upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).]
In the case of 
interest 
payable on a 
Temporary 
Global Note 
the following 
applies 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. 
(2) 
Manner of Payment.
Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher 
und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften 
und 
(ii) 
eines 
Einbehalts oder Abzugs, der aufgrund 
eines Vertrags wie in Abschnitt 1471(b) 
des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 
1986 (der "Code") beschrieben bzw. 
anderweitig gemäß den Abschnitten 
1471 bis 1474 des Code, aufgrund 
darunter getroffener Verordnungen oder 
Vereinbarungen, etwaiger offizieller 
Auslegungen davon, oder aufgrund von 
Gesetzen, die ein zwischenstaatliches 
Abkommen dazu umsetzen, erhoben 
wird, erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten Währung. 
Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and other 
laws and regulations and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or 
any 
law 
implementing 
an 
intergovernmental approach thereto, 
payments of amounts due in respect of 
the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
(3) 
Erfüllung. 
(3) 
Discharge. 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearing System oder an 
dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht 
befreit. 
The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System. 
(4) 
Zahltag. 
(4) 
Payment date.
Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf 
einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag ist, 
dann hat der Anleihegläubiger keinen 
Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten 
Tag, der ein Geschäftstag ist. Der 
Anleihegläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, 
weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Verspätung 
zu 
verlangen. 
If the date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Note is not a Business 
Day, then the Noteholder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next day 
that is a Business Day and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem das Clearing System sowie alle 
betroffenen Bereiche des Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement 
System 
des 
Eurosystems 
oder 
dessen 
Nachfolgesystem (T2) geöffnet sind, 
um Zahlungen abzuwickeln. 
"Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the 
Clearing System as well as all relevant 
parts of the real-time gross settlement 
system operated by the Eurosystem or 
any successor system (T2) are open to 
settle payments. 
(5) 
Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
(5) 
References to Principal and Interest. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge ein: die festgelegte Stückelung 
sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige 
auf 
oder 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit 
anwendbar, 
sämtliche 
gemäß 
§ 7 
zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
einschließen. 
References 
in 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions to principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: the Specified Denomination 
and any premium and any other amounts 
which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in these 
Terms and Conditions to interest in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts which may be payable under 
§ 7.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG UND RÜCKKAUF 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(1) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit.
(1) 
Final Redemption. 
Soweit 
nicht 
zuvor 
bereits 
zurückgezahlt oder zurückgekauft und 
entwertet, 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrer 
festgelegten Stückelung an dem auf oder 
um den [Endfälligkeitstag einfügen]
fallenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(der 
"Endfälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
To the extent not previously redeemed 
or repurchased and cancelled the Notes 
shall be redeemed at their Specified 
Denomination on the Interest Payment 
Date falling on or around [insert 
Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(2) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
[(2) 
Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer. 
If the Notes 
are subject to 
Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of 
the Issuer, the 
following 
applies 
(a) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
ausstehenden 
Schuldver-
schreibungen (insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht teilweise) unter Einhaltung 
einer Frist von nicht weniger als 
15 
Tagen durch Mitteilung 
gemäß Buchstabe (b) vorzeitig 
zu kündigen und an dem/jedem 
der 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
(Call), 
wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben, zu ihrer festgelegten 
Stückelung zuzüglich bis zu dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
(a) 
The Issuer may call and redeem 
(all but not some only of) the 
outstanding Notes upon giving 
not less than 15 days' prior notice 
of 
early 
redemption 
in 
accordance with clause (b) on 
(any of) the Call Redemption 
Date(s) set forth below at their 
Specified 
Denomination, 
together with accrued interest to 
but 
excluding 
the 
Call 
Redemption 
Date 
fixed 
for 
redemption. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) einfügen]16
[insert Call Redemption Date(s)]17
(b) 
Die 
Kündigung 
ist 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
§ 13 
mitzuteilen. Die Mitteilung hat 
die 
folgenden 
Angaben 
zu 
beinhalten: 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be 
given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 13. Such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
und 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject 
to redemption; and 
(ii) 
den für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call), 
der ein Geschäftstag sein 
muss.]
(ii) 
the Call Redemption Date 
fixed 
for 
redemption 
which must be a Business 
Day.]
16 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) oder die anwendbare Beschreibung derselben einfügen, z.B. "jeden Geschäftstag ab dem [frühesten möglichen Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag einfügen] (einschließlich) bis zum Endfälligkeitstag (ausschließlich)". 
17 
Insert Call Redemption Date(s) or the applicable description thereof, e.g., "each Business Day during the period from and including [insert earliest possible 
Call Redemption Date] to but excluding the Maturity Date".

--- Page 83 ---
83 
[(3)]
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen Gründen. 
[(3)]
Early Redemption for Reasons of 
Taxation. 
Wenn 
ein 
Steuerereignis 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) eintritt, ist die 
Emittentin jederzeit berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise) unter Einhaltung 
einer Frist von nicht weniger als 30 
Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
durch 
eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger gemäß § 13 vorzeitig 
zu kündigen und diese an dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag zu ihrer 
festgelegten Stückelung zuzüglich bis 
zu 
dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
If a Tax Event (as defined below) 
occurs, the Issuer may call and redeem 
(all but not some only of) the 
outstanding Notes at any time, upon 
giving not less than 30 days' and not 
more than 60 days' prior notice of early 
redemption to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 13, on the date fixed 
for redemption at their Specified 
Denomination, together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the date fixed 
for redemption. 
Ein "Steuerereignis" tritt ein, wenn 
aufgrund einer Änderung, Ergänzung 
oder 
Klarstellung 
von 
Gesetzen, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
sonstigen 
Vorschriften, 
oder 
aufgrund 
einer 
Änderung, Ergänzung oder Klarstellung 
der Auslegung oder Anwendung, oder 
aufgrund einer erstmaligen Auslegung 
oder 
Anwendung 
dieser 
Gesetze, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
sonstigen 
Vorschriften durch eine gesetzgebende 
Körperschaft, ein Gericht oder eine 
Behörde (einschließlich des Erlasses 
von 
Gesetzen 
sowie 
der 
Bekanntmachung von Entscheidungen 
eines Gerichts oder einer Behörde), 
welche Änderung, Ergänzung oder 
Klarstellung an oder nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der letzten Tranche der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Kraft tritt 
(einschließlich des Falles, dass die 
betreffende Änderung oder Klarstellung 
rückwirkend Anwendung findet), die 
Emittentin 
am 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(1)(b) 
definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen 
Beträgen 
(wie 
in 
§ 7 
definiert) 
verpflichtet sein wird, und wenn die 
Emittentin diese Verpflichtung nicht 
abwenden kann, indem sie Maßnahmen 
ergreift, die sie nach Treu und Glauben 
für zumutbar und angemessen hält. 
A "Tax Event" will occur if, as a result 
of any change in, or amendment, 
supplement or clarification to, the laws, 
regulations or other rules, or as a result 
of any change in, or amendment, 
supplement or clarification to, the 
interpretation or application, or as a 
result 
of 
any 
interpretation 
or 
application made for the first time, of 
any such laws, regulations or other rules 
by any legislative body, court or 
authority (including the enactment of 
any legislation and the publication of 
any decision of any court or authority), 
which change, amendment, supplement 
or clarification becomes effective on or 
after the date of issue of the last tranche 
of the Notes (including in case any such 
change, amendment or clarification has 
retroactive effect), the Issuer is required 
to pay Additional Amounts (as defined 
in § 7 herein) on the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date (as defined in 
§ 3(1)(b)), and the if Issuer cannot avoid 
this obligation by taking such measures 
it (acting in good faith) deems 
reasonable and appropriate. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings 
nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem 
frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, an 
dem die Emittentin erstmals verpflichtet 
wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu 
zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
dann 
fällig 
wäre, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, 
in 
dem 
die 
Kündigungsmitteilung 
erfolgt, 
die 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen 
nicht 
mehr 
wirksam ist. 
However, no such notice of redemption 
may be given (i) earlier than 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be for the first time obliged 
to pay such Additional Amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then 
due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is 
given, such obligation to pay such 
Additional Amounts does not remain in 
effect. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 13 
zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss 
den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten 
Termin 
nennen 
und 
eine 
zusammenfassende 
Erklärung 
enthalten, 
welche 
die 
das 
Rückzahlungsrecht 
der 
Emittentin 
begründenden Umständen darlegt. 
Any such notice shall be given in 
accordance with § 13. It shall be 
irrevocable, must specify the date fixed 
for redemption and must set forth a 
statement in summary form of the facts 
constituting the basis for the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig im 
Falle eines 
geringen 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags 
zurückzuzah-
len, ist Fol-
gendes an-
wendbar 
[[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung wegen eines 
geringen ausstehenden Nennbetrags.
[[(4)] Early Redemption for a minimal 
outstanding principal amount.
If the Notes 
are subject to 
Early Re-
demption at 
the Option of 
the Issuer in 
the case of a 
minimal 
outstanding 
principal 
amount, the 
following 
applies 
(a) 
Wenn zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
ausstehenden Schuldverschrei-
bungen auf 20 % oder weniger 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
zuvor 
ausgegeben 
wurden 
(einschließlich Schuldverschrei-
bungen, 
die 
gemäß 
§ 12 
zusätzlich begeben worden sind), 
fällt, ist die Emittentin jederzeit 
berechtigt, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen (insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise) unter Einhaltung einer 
Frist von nicht weniger als 
30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 
60 Tagen 
durch 
Mitteilung 
gemäß Buchstabe (b) vorzeitig 
zu kündigen und diese an dem 
für die Rückzahlung festgelegten 
Tag 
zu 
ihrer 
festgelegten 
Stückelung zuzüglich bis zu dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
(a) 
If at any time the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding is equal to or less 
than 20 % of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes 
previously issued (including any 
Notes additionally issued in 
accordance with § 12), the Issuer 
may call and redeem (all but not 
some only of) the outstanding 
Notes at any time, upon giving 
not less than 30 days' and not 
more than 60 days' prior notice of 
early redemption in accordance 
with clause (b), on the date fixed 
for redemption at their Specified 
Denomination, 
together 
with 
interest accrued to but excluding 
the date fixed for redemption. 
(b) 
Die 
Kündigung 
ist 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
§ 13 
mitzuteilen. Die Mitteilung hat 
die 
folgenden 
Angaben 
zu 
beinhalten: 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be 
given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 13. Such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject 
to redemption; 
(ii) 
den für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag, der ein 
Geschäftstag sein muss; 
und 
(ii) 
the 
date 
fixed 
for 
redemption which must 
be a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung, welche die das 
Rückzahlungsrecht 
der 
Emittentin begründenden 
Umständen darlegt.]
(iii) 
a statement in summary 
form 
of 
the 
facts 
constituting the basis for 
the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem.]
[(5)]
Rückkauf. 
[(5)]
Repurchase. 
Die 
Emittentin 
und 
jedes 
Tochterunternehmen 
der 
Emittentin 
(§ 290 Absatz 1 Handelsgesetzbuch 
("HGB")) 
können 
jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen auf dem freien 
Markt oder anderweitig sowie zu jedem 
beliebigen 
Preis 
kaufen. 
Derartig 
erworbene 
Schuldverschreibungen 
The Issuer and any subsidiary of the 
Issuer (§ 290 paragraph 1 of the German 
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch 
-"HGB")) may at any time purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price. Such purchased Notes 
may be cancelled, held or resold.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
können eingezogen, gehalten oder 
wieder veräußert werden. 
§ 6 
DER FISCAL AGENT, DIE 
ZAHLSTELLE UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT, THE PAYING 
AGENT 
AND THE CALCULATION AGENT 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstellen. 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. 
Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent, 
die anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle und 
die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle 
und 
deren 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten 
wie folgt: 
The initial Fiscal Agent, the initial 
Paying Agent and the initial Calculation 
Agent and their initial specified offices 
shall be: 
"Fiscal Agent" und "Zahlstelle": 
"Fiscal Agent" and "Paying Agent": 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
"Berechnungsstelle": 
"Calculation Agent": 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland]
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany]
[●] 
[●] 
Der Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstelle und die 
Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit ihre bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and 
the Calculation Agent reserve the right 
at any time to change their specified 
offices to some other specified office in 
the same country. 
(2) 
Änderung 
der 
Bestellung 
oder 
Abberufung.
(2) 
Variation 
or 
Termination 
of 
Appointment.
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die Bestellung des Fiscal 
Agent oder einer Zahlstelle oder der 
Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent 
oder zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen 
oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle zu 
bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem 
Zeitpunkt einen Fiscal Agent, eine 
Zahlstelle und eine Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, 
Bestellung 
oder 
ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam, 
sofern die Anleihegläubiger hierüber 
gemäß § 13 vorab unter Einhaltung 
einer Frist von mindestens 30 Tagen und 
nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert 
wurden (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem 
eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam 
wird). 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent and to appoint 
another Fiscal Agent or additional or 
other 
Paying 
Agents 
or 
another 
Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall at all 
times maintain a Fiscal Agent, a Paying 
Agent and a Calculation Agent. Any 
variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect after not 
less than 30 days nor more than 45 days' 
prior notice thereof shall have been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with § 13 (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect). 
(3) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. 
(3) 
Agent of the Issuer.
Der Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstelle und die 
Berechnungsstelle 
handeln 
ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber 
den Anleihegläubigern, und es wird kein 
Auftrags- 
oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihnen 
und 
den 
Anleihegläubigern begründet. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and 
the Calculation Agent act solely as the 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for any Noteholder.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(4) 
Unabhängiger Berater.
(4) 
Independent Adviser.
Wenn die Emittentin gemäß diesen 
Bedingungen 
einen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
bestellt, 
dann 
ist 
§ 6(3) 
entsprechend auf den Unabhängigen 
Berater anzuwenden. 
If the Issuer appoints an Independent 
Adviser in accordance with these Terms 
and Conditions, § 6(3) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to the Independent 
Adviser. 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
(1) 
Sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen 
oder zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, 
die von oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung 
oder von oder für Rechnung einer 
politischen 
Untergliederung 
oder 
Steuerbehörde 
der 
oder 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt 
oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein 
solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist 
gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. 
Ist 
ein 
solcher 
Einbehalt 
gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben, so wird die Emittentin 
diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die 
"zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die 
erforderlich 
sind, 
damit 
die 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt 
oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
von 
den 
Anleihegläubigern empfangen worden 
wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung 
solcher zusätzlicher Beträge besteht 
jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern 
und Abgaben, die: 
(1) 
All amounts payable in respect of the 
Notes 
shall 
be 
made 
without 
withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by way of withholding or 
deduction by or on behalf of the Federal 
Republic of Germany or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by 
law. If such withholding is required by 
law, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts (the "Additional Amounts") 
as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the Noteholders, 
after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the respective amounts 
which would otherwise have been 
receivable in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no 
such Additional Amounts shall be 
payable on account of any taxes or 
duties which: 
(a) 
von einer als Depotbank oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere 
Weise zu entrichten sind als 
dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus 
den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder 
Zinsen 
einen 
Abzug 
oder 
Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(a) 
are payable by any person acting 
as custodian bank or collecting 
agent on behalf of a Noteholder, 
or otherwise in any manner 
which does not constitute a 
deduction or withholding by the 
Issuer 
from 
payments 
of 
principal or interest made by it; 
or 
(b) 
wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder 
früheren 
persönlichen 
oder 
geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Anleihegläubigers 
zu 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu 
zahlen sind, und nicht allein 
deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Quellen in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland stammen (oder für 
Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden) oder dort 
besichert sind; oder 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the 
Noteholder having, or having 
had, some personal or business 
connection with the Federal 
Republic of Germany and not 
merely by reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the Notes 
are, or for purposes of taxation 
are deemed to be, derived from 
sources in, or are secured in, the 
Federal Republic of Germany; or 
(c) 
aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder 
Verordnung der Europäischen 
Union 
betreffend 
die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung 
über 
deren 
Besteuerung, 
an 
der 
die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
(c) 
are 
deducted 
or 
withheld 
pursuant to (i) any European 
Union directive or regulation 
concerning 
the 
taxation 
of 
interest income, or (ii) any 
international 
treaty 
or 
understanding relating to such 
taxation and to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the

--- Page 87 ---
87 
oder die Europäische Union 
beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer 
gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese 
Richtlinie, 
Verordnung 
oder 
Vereinbarung 
umsetzt 
oder 
befolgt, 
abzuziehen 
oder 
einzubehalten sind; oder 
European Union is a party, or 
(iii) any provision of law 
implementing, 
or 
complying 
with, or introduced to conform 
with, such directive, regulation, 
treaty or understanding; or 
(d) 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung 
zu zahlen sind, welche später als 
30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden 
Zahlung 
von 
Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn 
dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung 
aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 13 
wirksam wird. 
(d) 
are payable by reason of a 
change in law that becomes 
effective more than 30 days after 
the relevant payment becomes 
due, or is duly provided for and 
notice thereof is published in 
accordance with § 13, whichever 
occurs later. 
(2) 
Die Emittentin ist nicht verpflichtet, 
zusätzliche Beträge in Bezug auf einen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Beträgen zu 
zahlen, die gemäß Sections 1471 bis 
1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
(in der jeweils geltenden Fassung oder 
gemäß 
Nachfolgebestimmungen), 
gemäß zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen, 
gemäß 
den 
in 
einer 
anderen 
Rechtsordnung in Zusammenhang mit 
diesen 
Bestimmungen 
erlassenen 
Durchführungsvorschriften oder gemäß 
mit dem U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
geschlossenen 
Verträgen 
von 
der 
Emittentin, der jeweiligen Zahlstelle 
oder 
einem 
anderen 
Beteiligten 
abgezogen oder einbehalten wurden 
("FATCA-Steuerabzug") 
oder 
Anleihegläubiger in Bezug auf einen 
FATCA-Steuerabzug 
schadlos 
zu 
halten. 
(2) 
In any event, the Issuer will not have any 
obligation to pay additional amounts 
deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the 
relevant Paying Agent or any other party 
in relation to any withholding or 
deduction of any amounts required by 
the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any 
amended or successor provisions), 
pursuant to any inter-governmental 
agreement, or implementing legislation 
adopted by another jurisdiction in 
connection with these provisions, or 
pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA 
Withholding"), or to indemnify any 
Noteholder in relation to any FATCA 
Withholding. 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST UND 
VERJÄHRUNG 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD AND 
STATUTE OF LIMITATION 
Die Vorlegungsfrist gemäß § 801 Absatz 1 
Satz 1 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (BGB) für 
fällige Schuldverschreibungen wird auf zehn 
Jahre verkürzt. Erfolgt die Vorlegung während 
der Vorlegungsfrist, so verjährt der Anspruch 
aus der Schuldverschreibung in zwei Jahren 
von dem Ende der Vorlegungsfrist an. 
The period for presentation of the Notes due, as 
established in § 801(1) sentence 1 of the 
German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch 
– BGB), is reduced to 10 years. Following such 
presentation during the presentation period, the 
limitation period with regard to any claim 
arising under the Notes will be two years from 
the expiry of the presentation period. 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(1) 
Kündigungsgründe. 
(1) 
Events of Default. 
Jeder Anleihegläubiger ist berechtigt, 
seine Schuldverschreibung zu kündigen 
und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu 
ihrer festgelegten Stückelung zuzüglich 
(etwaiger) 
bis 
zum 
Tage 
der 
Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu 
verlangen, falls: 
Each Noteholder shall be entitled to 
declare his Notes due and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at their 
Specified Denomination plus accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, 
in the event that 
(a) 
die Emittentin Kapital oder 
Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 
Tagen nach dem betreffenden 
Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or 
interest within 30 days from the 
relevant due date, or 
(b) 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung einer 
anderen Verpflichtung aus den 
(b) 
the Issuer fails duly to perform 
any other obligation arising from 
the Notes and such failure

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterlässt 
und 
diese 
Unterlassung länger als 30 Tage 
fortdauert, nachdem der Fiscal 
Agent 
hierüber 
eine 
Benachrichtigung von einem 
Anleihegläubiger erhalten hat; 
oder 
continues unremedied for more 
than 30 days after the Fiscal 
Agent 
has 
received 
notice 
thereof from a Noteholder, or 
(c) 
die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit allgemein 
bekanntgibt oder ihre Zahlungen 
einstellt; oder 
(c) 
the Issuer announces its inability 
to meet its financial obligations 
generally or ceases its payments, 
or 
(d) 
ein 
Gericht 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren gegen die 
Emittentin eröffnet, ein solches 
Verfahren eingeleitet und nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
60 
Tagen 
aufgehoben 
oder 
ausgesetzt 
worden ist, oder die Emittentin 
ein solches Verfahren einleitet 
oder beantragt; oder 
(d) 
a 
court 
opens 
insolvency 
proceedings against the Issuer; 
such proceedings are instituted 
and have not been discharged or 
stayed within 60 days, or the 
Issuer applies for or institutes 
such proceedings, or 
(e) 
die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Geschäftstätigkeit 
ganz 
oder 
überwiegend einstellt, alle oder 
den wesentlichen Teil ihres 
Vermögens 
veräußert 
oder 
anderweitig 
abgibt 
und 
(i) 
dadurch 
den 
Wert 
ihres 
Vermögens 
wesentlich 
vermindert und (ii) es dadurch 
wahrscheinlich wird, dass die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Anleihegläubigern nicht mehr 
erfüllen kann; oder 
(e) 
the 
Issuer 
ceases 
all 
or 
substantially all of its business 
operations or sells or disposes of 
its assets or the substantial part 
thereof and thus (i) diminishes 
considerably the value of its 
assets and (ii) for this reason it 
becomes likely that the Issuer 
may not fulfil its payment 
obligations 
against 
the 
Noteholders, or 
(f) 
die Emittentin in Liquidation 
tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht 
im Zusammenhang mit einer 
Verschmelzung 
oder 
einer 
anderen 
Form 
des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer 
anderen Gesellschaft oder im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
einer 
Umwandlung 
und 
diese 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt 
alle 
Verpflichtungen, 
die 
die 
Emittentin im Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen ist. 
(f) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation 
unless this is done in connection 
with a merger or other form of 
combination 
with 
another 
company or in connection with a 
reorganisation and such other or 
new 
company 
assumes 
all 
obligations contracted by the 
Issuer in connection with the 
Notes. 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des 
Rechts geheilt wurde. 
The right to declare Notes due shall 
terminate if the situation giving rise to it 
has been cured before the right is 
exercised. 
(2) 
Quorum. 
(2) 
Quorum. 
In den Fällen des § 9(1)(b) wird eine 
Kündigung, sofern nicht bei deren 
Eingang zugleich einer der in § 9(1)(a) 
und 
(1)(c) 
bis 
(f) 
bezeichneten 
Kündigungsgründe 
vorliegt, 
erst 
wirksam, wenn bei dem Fiscal Agent 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Anleihegläubigern 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag von mindestens 1/10
der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen 
sind. 
In the events specified in § 9(1)(b) any 
notice declaring Notes due shall, unless 
at the time such notice is received any of 
the events specified in § 9(1)(a) and 
(1)(c) through (f) entitling Noteholders 
to declare their Notes due has occurred, 
become effective only when the Fiscal 
Agent has received such notices from 
the Noteholders of at least one-tenth in 
aggregate principal amount of Notes 
then outstanding.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
(3) 
Benachrichtigung. 
(3) 
Notice. 
Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich 
einer 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 9(1) ist 
in Textform (z.B. E-Mail oder Fax) oder 
schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache 
abzugeben 
und 
an 
die 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal 
Agent zu schicken. 
Any notice, including any notice 
declaring Notes due, in accordance with 
§ 9(1) shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. 
email or fax) or in written form in the 
German or English language sent to the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
§ 10 
SCHULDNERERSETZUNG 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
(1) 
Schuldnerersetzung. 
(1) 
Substitution of Issuer. 
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, 
ohne Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger 
eine andere Gesellschaft (soweit es sich 
bei dieser Gesellschaft nicht um ein 
Versicherungsunternehmen 
handelt), 
die direkt oder indirekt von der 
Emittentin kontrolliert wird, als neue 
Emittentin für alle sich aus oder im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ergebenden 
Verpflichtungen mit schuldbefreiender 
Wirkung für die Emittentin an die Stelle 
der Emittentin zu setzen (die "Neue 
Emittentin"), sofern 
The Issuer may at any time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, substitute 
for the Issuer any other company (other 
than an insurance undertaking) which is 
directly or indirectly controlled by the 
Issuer, as new issuer (the "New Issuer") 
in respect of all obligations arising 
under or in connection with the Notes, 
with the effect of releasing the Issuer of 
all such obligations, if 
(a) 
die Neue Emittentin sämtliche 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt; 
(a) 
the New Issuer assumes any and 
all obligations of the Issuer 
arising under or in connection 
with the Notes; 
(b) 
die Neue Emittentin in der Lage 
ist, sämtliche zur Erfüllung der 
aufgrund 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehenden 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
erforderlichen Beträge in der 
festgelegten Währung an den 
Fiscal Agent zur Weiterleitung 
an das Clearing System zu 
zahlen, und zwar ohne Abzug 
oder Einbehalt von Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben jedweder 
Art, die von dem Land (oder den 
Ländern), in dem (in denen) die 
Neue Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat, auferlegt, erhoben 
oder eingezogen werden; und 
(b) 
the New Issuer is in the position 
to pay to the Fiscal Agent for on-
payment to the Clearing System 
in the Specified Currency and 
without 
deducting 
or 
withholding any taxes or other 
duties 
of 
whatever 
nature 
imposed, levied or deducted by 
the country (or countries) in 
which the New Issuer has its 
domicile or tax residence all 
amounts 
required 
for 
the 
performance of the payment 
obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes; and 
(c) 
die Talanx Aktiengesellschaft 
unwiderruflich und unbedingt 
die Verpflichtungen der Neuen 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
Bedingungen 
garantiert, 
die 
sicherstellen, dass vorbehaltlich 
der Regelungen dieses § 10 jeder 
Anleihegläubiger wirtschaftlich 
so gestellt wird, wie er ohne die 
Ersetzung stehen würde. 
(c) 
Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft 
irrevocably and unconditionally 
guarantees the obligations of the 
New Issuer under the Notes on 
terms which ensure that without 
prejudice to the provisions of this 
§ 10 each Noteholder will be put 
in an economic position that is as 
favourable as that which would 
have existed had the substitution 
not taken place. 
(2) 
Bezugnahmen. 
(2) 
References. 
lm Falle einer Ersetzung gemäß § 10(1) 
gilt 
jede 
Bezugnahme 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin 
als eine solche auf die Neue Emittentin 
und 
jede 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland als eine 
In the event of a substitution in 
accordance with § 10(1), any reference 
in these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall be a reference to the New 
Issuer and any reference to the Federal 
Republic of Germany shall be a

--- Page 90 ---
90 
solche auf den Staat, in welchem die 
Neue Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist. 
reference to the New Issuer's country of 
domicile for tax purposes. 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, dass dies nur 
gilt, soweit sich nicht aus Sinn und 
Zweck der jeweiligen Bedingung ergibt, 
dass 
die 
jeweilige 
Bezugnahme 
entweder weiterhin nur auf die Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft erfolgen soll, oder 
dass die Bezugnahme auf die Neue 
Emittentin und gleichzeitig auch auf die 
Talanx Aktiengesellschaft, im Hinblick 
auf 
deren 
jeweilige 
steuerliche 
Ansässigkeit und die Verpflichtungen 
der Talanx Aktiengesellschaft aus der 
Garantie gemäß § 10(1)(c) erfolgen soll 
(z.B. § 5[(3)] und § 7). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this shall 
apply only to the extent that the meaning 
and purpose of the relevant condition 
requires that the relevant reference shall 
continue to be a reference only to Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft, or that the reference 
shall be to the New Issuer and Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft, in relation to their 
respective domicile for tax purposes and 
to 
Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft's 
obligations under the guarantee in 
accordance with § 10(1)(c), at the same 
time (e.g. § 5[(3)] and § 7). 
(3) 
Bekanntmachung und Wirksamwerden 
der Ersetzung. 
(3) 
Notice and Effectiveness of Substitution. 
Die Ersetzung der Emittentin ist den 
Anleihegläubigern 
gemäß 
§ 13 
mitzuteilen. Mit der Mitteilung wird die 
Ersetzung wirksam und die Emittentin 
und, im Falle einer wiederholten 
Anwendung dieses § 10, jede frühere 
Neue Emittentin von ihren sämtlichen 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen frei. 
Notice of any substitution of the Issuer 
shall be given by notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 13. 
Upon such notice, the substitution shall 
become effective, and the Issuer, and in 
the event of a repeated application of 
this § 10, any previous New Issuer, shall 
be discharged from any and all 
obligations under the Notes. 
§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN DURCH 
BESCHLUSS DER 
ANLEIHEGLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
§ 11 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF 
THE NOTEHOLDERS; JOINT 
REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) 
Die Emittentin kann mit Zustimmung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
aufgrund 
Mehrheitsbeschluss nach Maßgabe der 
§§ 5 
ff. 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
– 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) in seiner 
jeweiligen gültigen Fassung ("SchVG") 
ändern. 
Eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen ohne Zustimmung 
der Emittentin ist ausgeschlossen. Die 
Anleihegläubiger können insbesondere 
einer Änderung wesentlicher Inhalte der 
Anleihebedingungen, einschließlich der 
in 
§ 5(3) 
SchVG 
vorgesehenen 
Maßnahmen, 
mit 
den 
in 
dem 
nachstehenden 
§ 11(2) 
genannten 
Mehrheiten 
zustimmen. 
Ein 
ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
ist 
für 
alle 
Anleihegläubiger verbindlich. 
(1) 
The Issuer may amend the Terms and 
Conditions with the consent of a 
majority resolution of the Noteholders 
in accordance with §§ 5 et seqq. of the 
German Act on Issues of Debt Securities 
(Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
– 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz), 
as 
amended 
(the 
"SchVG"). 
An 
amendment 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions without the Issuer's consent 
is 
ruled 
out. 
In 
particular, 
the 
Noteholders 
may 
consent 
to 
amendments which materially change 
the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions, including such measures as 
provided for under § 5(3) SchVG, by 
resolutions passed by such majority of 
the votes of the Noteholders as stated 
under § 11(2) below. A duly passed 
majority resolution will be binding upon 
all Noteholders. 
(2) 
Vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes 
und der Erreichung der erforderlichen 
Beschlussfähigkeit, 
beschließen 
die 
Anleihegläubiger mit der einfachen 
Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, 
durch 
welche 
der 
wesentliche 
Inhalt 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, insbesondere in 
den Fällen des § 5(3) Nummer 1 bis 9 
SchVG, geändert wird, bedürfen zu 
ihrer Wirksamkeit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 
75 % 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
(2) 
Except as provided by the following 
sentence and provided that the quorum 
requirements are being satisfied, the 
Noteholders may pass resolutions by 
simple majority of the voting rights 
participating in the vote. Resolutions 
which materially change the substance 
of the Terms and Conditions, in 
particular in the cases of § 5(3) numbers 
1 through 9 SchVG, may only be passed 
by a majority of at least 75 % of the 
voting rights participating in the vote (a 
"Qualified Majority"). The voting right 
is suspended as long as any Notes are

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Stimmrechte 
(eine 
"Qualifizierte 
Mehrheit"). Das Stimmrecht ruht, 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einem 
mit 
ihr 
verbundenen Unternehmen (§ 271(2) 
HGB) zustehen oder für Rechnung der 
Emittentin 
oder 
eines 
mit 
ihr 
verbundenen Unternehmens gehalten 
werden. 
attributable to the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates (within the meaning of 
§ 271(2) HGB) or are being held for the 
account of the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates. 
(3) 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
werden 
entweder 
in 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung nach § 11(3)(a) 
oder im Wege der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung 
nach 
§ 11(3)(b) 
getroffen, die von der Emittentin oder 
ggf. einem gemeinsamen Vertreter 
einberufen wird. 
(3) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders will be 
made either in a noteholders' meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance 
with § 11(3)(a) or by means of a vote 
without 
a 
physical 
meeting 
(Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) in 
accordance with § 11(3)(b), in either 
case convened by the Issuer or a joint 
representative, if any. 
(a) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger 
im 
Rahmen 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung werden 
nach §§ 9 ff. SchVG getroffen. 
Die 
Einberufung 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
regelt 
die weiteren Einzelheiten der 
Beschlussfassung 
und 
der 
Abstimmung. 
Mit 
der 
Einberufung 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung werden 
in 
der 
Tagesordnung 
die 
Beschlussgegenstände sowie die 
Vorschläge 
zur 
Beschlussfassung 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
bekannt 
gegeben. 
(a) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders 
in 
a 
noteholders' 
meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) will be 
made in accordance with §§ 9 et 
seqq. SchVG. The convening 
notice of a noteholders' meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) 
will 
provide 
the 
further 
details 
relating to the resolutions and the 
voting procedure. The subject 
matter of the vote as well as the 
proposed resolutions will be 
notified to Noteholders in the 
agenda of the meeting. 
(b) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger 
im Wege der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung werden nach § 18 
SchVG 
getroffen. 
Die 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
durch den Abstimmungsleiter 
regelt die weiteren Einzelheiten 
der Beschlussfassung und der 
Abstimmung. 
Mit 
der 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
werden 
die 
Beschlussgegenstände sowie die 
Vorschläge 
zur 
Beschlussfassung 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
bekannt 
gegeben. 
(b) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders 
by means of a vote without 
physical meeting (Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung) will be 
made in accordance with § 18 
SchVG. The request for voting as 
submitted 
by 
the 
chair 
(Abstimmungsleiter) will provide 
the further details relating to the 
resolutions 
and 
the 
voting 
procedure. The subject matter of 
the vote as well as the proposed 
resolutions will be notified to 
Noteholders together with the 
request for voting. 
(4) 
Wird die Beschlussfähigkeit bei der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
gemäß 
§ 11(3)(a) oder der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 11(3)(b) nicht 
festgestellt, 
kann 
der 
Abstimmungsleiter 
eine 
zweite 
Versammlung im Sinne des § 15(3) Satz 
3 SchVG einberufen. 
(4) 
If it is ascertained that no quorum exists 
for 
the 
noteholders' 
meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance 
with § 11(3)(a) or the vote without a 
physical meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with 
§ 11(3)(b), 
the 
chair 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a 
second meeting within the meaning of 
§ 15(3) sentence 3 SchVG. 
(5) 
Die Stimmrechtsausübung ist von einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
abhängig. 
Die 
Anmeldung muss bis zum dritten Tag 
vor der Versammlung im Falle einer 
Gläubigerversammlung 
(wie 
in 
§ 11(3)(a) oder § 11(4) beschrieben) 
bzw. 
vor 
dem 
Beginn 
des 
Abstimmungszeitraums im Falle einer 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung (wie 
in § 11(3)(b) beschrieben) unter der in 
(5) 
The exercise of voting rights is subject 
to the registration of the Noteholders. 
The registration must be received at the 
address stated in the request for voting 
no later than the third day prior to the 
meeting in the case of a noteholders' 
meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) (as 
described in § 11(3)(a) or § 11(4)) or the 
beginning of the voting period in the 
case of voting not requiring a physical 
meeting 
(Abstimmung 
ohne

--- Page 92 ---
92 
der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
angegebenen 
Anschrift 
zugehen. 
Zusammen mit der Anmeldung müssen 
Anleihegläubiger den Nachweis ihrer 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung durch eine besondere 
Bescheinigung 
ihrer 
jeweiligen 
Depotbank (wie in § 14(4) definiert) in 
Textform (z.B. E-Mail oder Fax) und 
die Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der 
Depotbank 
erbringen, 
aus 
dem 
hervorgeht, 
dass 
die 
relevanten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
den 
Zeitraum vom Tag der Absendung der 
Anmeldung (einschließlich) bis zu dem 
angegebenen Ende der Versammlung 
(einschließlich) bzw. dem Ende des 
Abstimmungszeitraums (einschließlich) 
nicht übertragen werden können. 
Versammlung) 
(as 
described 
in 
§ 11(3)(b)), as the case may be. As part 
of the registration, Noteholders must 
demonstrate 
their 
eligibility 
to 
participate in the vote by means of a 
special confirmation of their respective 
Custodian (as defined in § 14(4)) in text 
format (Textform, e.g. email or fax) and 
by submission of a blocking instruction 
by the Custodian stating that the 
relevant Notes are not transferable from 
and including the day such registration 
has been sent until and including the 
stated end of the meeting or day the 
voting period ends, as the case may be. 
(6) 
Die Anleihegläubiger können durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss die Bestellung oder 
Abberufung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters, 
die 
Aufgaben 
und 
Befugnisse 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters, 
die 
Übertragung 
von 
Rechten der Anleihegläubiger auf den 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
und 
eine 
Beschränkung 
der 
Haftung 
des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters bestimmen. 
Die Bestellung eines gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten 
Mehrheit, wenn er ermächtigt werden 
soll, wesentlichen Änderungen des 
wesentlichen 
Inhalts 
der 
Anleihebedingungen gemäß § 11(1) 
zuzustimmen. 
(6) 
The Noteholders may by majority 
resolution provide for the appointment 
or dismissal of a joint representative, the 
duties and responsibilities and the 
powers of such joint representative, the 
transfer of the rights of the Noteholders 
to the joint representative and a 
limitation of liability of the joint 
representative. Appointment of a joint 
representative may only be passed by a 
Qualified 
Majority 
if 
such 
joint 
representative is to be authorised to 
consent to a material change in the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions 
in accordance with § 11(1). 
(7) 
Bekanntmachungen betreffend diesen 
§ 11 erfolgen gemäß den §§ 5 ff. 
SchVG. 
(7) 
Any notices concerning this § 11 will be 
made in accordance with §§ 5 et seqq.
SchVG. 
(8) 
Die 
oben 
aufgeführten, 
auf 
die 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen finden 
sinngemäß 
für 
Änderungen 
der 
Bedingungen einer etwaigen Garantie 
gemäß § 10(1)(c) Anwendung. 
(8) 
The provisions set out above applicable 
to the amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions will apply mutatis mutandis
to the terms of any guarantee given in 
accordance with § 10(1)(c). 
§ 12 
WEITERE EMISSIONEN 
§ 12 
FURTHER ISSUES 
Die Emittentin kann ohne Zustimmung der 
Anleihegläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben, die in jeder 
Hinsicht (oder in jeder Hinsicht mit Ausnahme 
der 
ersten 
Zinszahlung) 
die 
gleichen 
Bedingungen wie die Schuldverschreibungen 
dieser Anleihe haben und die zusammen mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen dieser Anleihe eine 
einzige 
Anleihe 
bilden. 
Der 
Begriff 
Schuldverschreibungen umfasst im Falle einer 
solchen weiteren Begebung auch solche 
zusätzlich begebenen Schuldverschreibungen. 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, create and issue 
further Notes having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the first payment of interest) 
so as to form a single series with the Notes. The 
term Notes shall, in the event of such further 
issue, also comprise such further notes.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
§ 13 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 13 
NOTICES 
Im Falle von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die in der 
offiziellen 
Liste der 
Luxemburger 
Börse notiert 
werden, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[(1) 
Veröffentlichungen auf der Internetseite 
der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse.
[(1) 
Publications on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are listed on 
the official list 
of the Luxem-
bourg Stock 
Exchange the 
following 
applies 
Vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen in 
Satz 2 des nachstehenden § 13(2) 
werden alle Mitteilungen, die die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffen, auf 
der Internetseite der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse 
(derzeit 
www.luxse.com) veröffentlicht, solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin an der 
Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse notiert 
sind und die Regeln der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse dies vorsehen. Jede 
solche Mitteilung gilt am Tag ihrer 
Veröffentlichung (oder, falls sie mehr 
als einmal veröffentlicht wird, am Tag 
der 
ersten 
Veröffentlichung) 
als 
wirksam erfolgt.
Subject as provided in sentence 2 of 
§ 13(2) below, for so long as the Notes 
are 
admitted 
to 
trading 
on 
the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at the 
initiative of the Issuer and the rules of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so 
require, all notices concerning the Notes 
shall be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (currently 
www.luxse.com). Any such notice so 
given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the day of its 
publication (or, if published more than 
once, on the day of the first such 
publication). 
(2) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System.
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
übermitteln. 
Eine 
solche Mitteilung über das Clearing 
System ersetzt die Veröffentlichung 
gemäß vorstehendem § 13(1) jedoch 
nur, wenn die Mitteilung den Zinssatz 
betrifft oder wenn und soweit nicht eine 
Veröffentlichung 
der 
betreffenden 
Mitteilung gemäß vorstehendem § 13(1) 
gesetzlich oder durch anwendbare 
Vorschriften 
der 
Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse vorgeschrieben ist. 
The Issuer will deliver all notices 
concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Noteholders. 
Such notification via the Clearing 
System will substitute the publication in 
accordance with § 13(1) above, but only 
if and to the extent that a publication of 
notice in accordance with § 13(1) above 
is not required by law or by applicable 
rules 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange. 
(3) 
Bekanntmachungen im Bundesanzeiger. 
(3) 
Notices in the German Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger).
Wenn eine die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffende 
Mitteilung 
nach 
anwendbarem Recht im Bundesanzeiger 
bekanntzumachen ist, erfolgt zusätzlich 
die Veröffentlichung der betreffenden 
Mitteilung im Bundesanzeiger. Die 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
solchen 
Mitteilung im Bundesanzeiger berührt 
nicht die Wirksamkeit einer Mitteilung 
gemäß § 13(1) und (2).]
If the publication of any notice 
concerning the Notes is required to be 
made by applicable law in the German 
Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger), the 
relevant notice shall also be published in 
the 
German 
Federal 
Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). The publication of 
any such notice in the German Federal 
Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) shall be 
without prejudice to the efficacy of any 
notice made in accordance with § 13(1) 
and (2).]

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Im Falle von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die nicht an ei-
ner Börse 
notiert sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. 
[(1) 
Notification to Clearing System. 
In case of 
Notes which 
are unlisted 
the following 
applies 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger übermitteln. 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices 
concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Noteholders. 
(2) 
Bekanntmachungen im Bundesanzeiger.
(2) 
Notices in the German Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger).
Wenn eine die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffende 
Mitteilung 
nach 
anwendbarem Recht im Bundesanzeiger 
bekanntzumachen ist, erfolgt zusätzlich 
die Veröffentlichung der betreffenden 
Mitteilung im Bundesanzeiger. Die 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
solchen 
Mitteilung im Bundesanzeiger berührt 
nicht die Wirksamkeit einer Mitteilung 
gemäß § 13(1).]
If the publication of any notice 
concerning the Notes is required to be 
made by applicable law in the German 
Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger), the 
relevant notice shall also be published in 
the 
German 
Federal 
Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). The publication of 
any such notice in the German Federal 
Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) shall be 
without prejudice to the efficacy of any 
notice made in accordance with § 
13(1).]
[(4)]
Form der Mitteilung. 
[(4)]
Form of Notice. 
Mitteilungen, 
die 
von 
einem 
Anleihegläubiger 
gemacht 
werden, 
müssen in Textform (z.B. E-Mail oder 
Fax) oder schriftlich erfolgen und 
zusammen mit dem Nachweis seiner 
Inhaberschaft gemäß § 14(4) an den 
Fiscal Agent geschickt werden. Eine 
solche Mitteilung kann über das 
Clearing System in der von dem Fiscal 
Agent und dem Clearing System dafür 
vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder 
shall be made by means of a declaration 
in text format (Textform, e.g. email or 
fax) or in written form sent together with 
an 
evidence 
of 
the 
Noteholder's 
entitlement in accordance with § 14(4) 
to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be 
given through the Clearing System in 
such manner as the Fiscal Agent and the 
Clearing System may approve for such 
purpose. 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF 
JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) 
Anwendbares Recht. 
(1) 
Applicable Law. 
Form 
und 
Inhalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sowie 
die 
Rechte 
und 
Pflichten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
The Notes, as to form and content, and 
all rights and obligations of the 
Noteholders and the Issuer, shall be 
governed by German law. 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. 
(2) 
Submission to Jurisdiction. 
Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für 
sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") 
ist 
das 
Landgericht 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
The District Court (Landgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of 
Germany shall have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes. 
(3) 
Erfüllungsort. 
(3) 
Place of Performance. 
Erfüllungsort 
ist 
Hannover, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
Place of performance shall be Hanover, 
Federal Republic of Germany.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
(4) 
Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. 
(4) 
Enforcement. 
Jeder Anleihegläubiger ist berechtigt, in 
jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
in 
jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit, 
in 
der 
der 
Anleihegläubiger und die Emittentin 
Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
eigenen 
Namen geltend zu machen gegen 
Vorlage (i) einer Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank, die (A) den vollen Namen 
und 
die 
volle 
Anschrift 
des 
Anleihegläubigers bezeichnet, (B) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen angibt, die am 
Ausstellungstag dieser Bescheinigung 
den bei dieser Depotbank bestehenden 
Depots 
dieses 
Anleihegläubigers 
gutgeschrieben sind, und (C) bestätigt, 
dass die Depotbank dem Clearing 
System eine schriftliche Mitteilung 
gemacht hat, die die Angaben gemäß 
Buchstaben (A) und (B) enthält und 
Bestätigungsvermerke 
des 
Clearing 
Systems sowie des jeweiligen Clearing 
System-Kontoinhabers trägt; und (ii) 
einer 
von 
einem 
Vertretungsberechtigten des Clearing 
Systems 
oder 
des 
Fiscal 
Agent 
bestätigten 
Ablichtung 
der 
Globalurkunde, ohne dass eine Vorlage 
der 
Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
in 
einer 
solchen 
Rechtsstreitigkeit erforderlich wäre. 
Any Noteholder may in any Proceedings 
against the Issuer or to which the 
Noteholder and the Issuer are parties 
enforce in its own name its rights arising 
under such Notes on the basis of (i) a 
certificate issued by the Custodian (A) 
stating the full name and address of the 
Noteholder, 
(B) 
specifying 
the 
aggregate principal amount of Notes 
credited on the date of such statement to 
such Noteholder's securities account(s) 
maintained with such Custodian and (C) 
confirming that the Custodian has given 
a written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information specified in 
clauses (A) and (B) and bearing 
acknowledgements of the Clearing 
System and the relevant Clearing 
System accountholder; and (ii) a copy of 
the Global Note certified by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing 
System or the Fiscal Agent as being a 
true copy, without the need for 
production in such Proceedings of the 
actual records or the Global Note 
representing the Notes. 
In 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank 
oder 
ein 
sonstiges 
anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu 
betreiben, 
und 
bei 
der/dem 
der 
Anleihegläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing 
Systems. 
In 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions, 
"Custodian" means any bank or other 
financial 
institution 
of 
recognised 
standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which 
the Noteholder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Notes and 
which includes the Clearing System. 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE 
Falls die 
Anleihebe-
dingungen in 
deutscher 
Sprache mit 
einer Über-
setzung in die 
englische 
Sprache abge-
fasst sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche 
Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.]
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only.]
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
shall be in the 
German 
language with 
an English 
language 
translation the 
following 
applies 
Falls die 
Anleihebe-
dingungen in 
englischer 
Sprache mit 
einer Über-
setzung in die 
deutsche Spra-
che abgefasst 
sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische 
Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.]
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language and provided with a German 
language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language 
translation is provided for convenience only.]
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
shall be in the 
English 
language with 
a German 
language 
translation the 
following 
applies

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Falls die 
Anleihebe-
dingungen 
ausschließlich 
in deutscher 
Sprache abge-
fasst sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[Diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
sind 
ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.]
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language only.]
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
shall be in the 
English 
language only 
the following 
applies

--- Page 97 ---
97 
OPTION III – Terms and Conditions that apply to Euro denominated subordinated Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
OPTION III – Anleihebedingungen für 
in Euro denominierte nachrangige fest 
zu variabel verzinsliche Schuld-
verschreibungen 
OPTION III – Terms and Conditions 
that apply to Euro denominated 
subordinated Fixed to Floating Rate 
Notes 
ANLEIHE 
BEDINGUNGEN  
Deutschsprachige Fassung 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
NOTES 
English Language Version 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) 
Währung; Stückelung.
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. 
Diese 
Serie 
der 
nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft (die "Emittentin") 
wird 
in 
Euro 
(die 
"festgelegte 
Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag von 
EUR [Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] (in 
Worten: Euro [Gesamtnennbetrag in 
Worten 
einfügen]), 
eingeteilt 
in 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen" und jeweils 
eine "Schuldverschreibung") mit einer 
Stückelung 
von 
EUR [festgelegte 
Stückelung einfügen]18 (die "festgelegte 
Stückelung") je Schuldverschreibung, 
begeben. 
This series of subordinated notes of 
Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft 
(the 
"Issuer") is being issued in Euro (the 
"Specified Currency") in the aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
EUR [insert 
aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
Euro 
[insert 
aggregate 
principal 
amount in words]), divided into notes 
(the "Notes" and each a "Note") in the 
specified denomination of EUR [insert 
specified 
denomination]19
(the 
"Specified Denomination") per Note. 
(2) 
Form. 
(2) 
Form. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber. 
The Notes are being issued in bearer 
form. 
(3) 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch.
(3) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange.
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde wird 
gegen Schuldverschreibungen in 
der festgelegten Stückelung, die 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, 
ausgetauscht. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils die eigenhändigen oder 
faksimilierten 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der 
Emittentin[,] [und] sind jeweils 
von dem Fiscal Agent oder in 
dessen 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
eigenhändigen 
oder 
faksimilierten 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine 
werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) 
The 
Notes 
are 
initially 
represented by a temporary 
global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. 
The Temporary Global Note will 
be exchangeable for Notes in the 
Specified 
Denomination 
represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") without coupons. 
The Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note shall 
each bear the handwritten or 
facsimile 
signatures 
of 
authorised signatories of the 
Issuer[,] [and] are provided with 
a 
handwritten 
or 
facsimile 
control signatures by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive 
Notes and interest coupons will 
not be issued. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird frühestens an einem Tag 
gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde 
austauschbar, der 40 Tage nach 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note 
shall be exchangeable for the 
Permanent Global Note from a 
date 40 days after the date of 
18 
Mindestens EUR 100.000. 
19 
No less than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
dem Tag der Begebung der durch 
die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
liegt. 
Ein 
solcher 
Austausch 
wird 
nur 
nach 
Vorlage von Bescheinigungen 
gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht erfolgen, 
wonach 
der 
oder 
die 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U.S.-Personen 
sind 
(ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte 
Personen, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
über 
solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Zinszahlungen auf durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
erfolgen 
erst 
nach 
Vorlage 
solcher 
Bescheinigungen. 
Eine 
gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für 
jede 
solche 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach 
dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der 
Ausgabe der durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt 
werden, 
diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß diesem 
§ 1(3)(b) 
auszutauschen. 
Wertpapiere, die im Austausch 
für die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
geliefert werden, dürfen nur 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) geliefert werden. 
issue of the Notes represented by 
the Temporary Global Note. 
Such exchange shall only be 
made 
upon 
delivery 
of 
certifications to the effect that the 
beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes 
represented 
by 
the 
Temporary Global Note is not a 
U.S. person (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through 
such financial institutions) as 
required by U.S. tax law. 
Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be made only 
after 
delivery 
of 
such 
certifications. 
A 
separate 
certification shall be required in 
respect of each such payment of 
interest. Any such certification 
received on or after the 40th day 
after the date of issue of the 
Notes 
represented 
by 
the 
Temporary Global Note will be 
treated as a request to exchange 
such Temporary Global Note in 
accordance with this § 1(3)(b). 
Any 
securities delivered 
in 
exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered 
only outside of the United States 
(as defined below). 
"Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten 
Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich 
deren Bundesstaaten und des District of 
Columbia) sowie deren Territorien 
(einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. 
Virgin 
Islands, 
Guam, 
American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
"United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States 
thereof and the District of Columbia) 
and its possessions (including Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
(4) 
Clearing System. 
(4) 
Clearing System. 
Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuld-
verschreibung verbrieft, wird von einem 
oder für ein Clearing System verwahrt. 
"Clearing System" bezeichnet [bei 
mehr als einem Clearing System ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
jeweils]
Folgendes: [Clearstream Banking AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland ("CBF")]
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue 
JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 
Luxemburg, 
Großherzogtum Luxemburg ("CBL") 
und Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard 
du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien 
("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die 
"ICSDs")]
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
The global note representing the Notes 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf 
of the Clearing System. "Clearing 
System" means [if more than one 
Clearing 
System 
the 
following 
applies: 
each 
of] 
the 
following: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Federal Republic of Germany ("CBF")]
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue 
JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL") and 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du 
Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium 
("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each 
an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")]
and any successor in such capacity. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in 
Form einer Classical Global Note
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
The Notes are issued in classical global 
note form and are kept in custody by a

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
common depositary on behalf of both 
ICSDs. 
(5) 
Anleihegläubiger. 
(5) 
Noteholders. 
"Anleihegläubiger" bezeichnet jeden 
Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder 
anderen vergleichbaren Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Noteholder" means any holder of a 
proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
(1) 
Status der Schuldverschreibungen. 
(1) 
Status of the Notes. 
Die Verbindlichkeiten aus den Schuld-
verschreibungen 
begründen 
nicht 
besicherte 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
untereinander gleichrangig sind. 
The obligations under the Notes 
constitute 
unsecured 
subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari 
passu among themselves. 
Die Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen sind 
nachrangig gegenüber den Vorrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes rank subordinated to the Issuer's 
Senior Ranking Obligations. 
Im Falle der Liquidation, der Auflösung 
oder der Insolvenz der Emittentin oder 
eines Vergleichs oder eines anderen der 
Abwendung der Insolvenz dienenden 
Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin werden 
die Ansprüche der Anleihegläubiger aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen erst nach 
den Ansprüchen der Inhaber aller 
Vorrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin bedient. In einem solchen 
Falle werden die Anleihegläubiger 
keine Zahlungen auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen 
erhalten, 
bis 
alle 
Ansprüche 
aus 
den 
Vorrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
vollständig bedient sind. 
In the event of the liquidation, 
dissolution, insolvency, composition or 
other proceedings for the avoidance of 
insolvency, of, or against, the Issuer, the 
claims of the Noteholders under the 
Notes will be satisfied only after the 
claims of all holders of the Issuer's 
Senior Ranking Obligations. In any such 
event, Noteholders will not receive any 
amounts payable in respect of the Notes 
until the claims of all of the Issuer's 
Senior Ranking Obligations have first 
been satisfied in full. 
"Vorrangige Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin" bezeichnet: 
"Issuer's 
Senior 
Ranking 
Obligations" means: 
(i) 
alle nicht nachrangigen Verbind-
lichkeiten der Emittentin (zur 
Klarstellung: dies schließt Ver-
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin ge-
genüber allen Versicherungsneh-
mern und Anspruchsberechtigten 
aus Versicherungs- und Rück-
versicherungsverträgen ein); und 
(i) 
all unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer (for the avoidance of 
doubt: 
this 
includes 
any 
obligations of the Issuer towards 
all 
policy 
holders 
and 
beneficiaries under insurance 
and reinsurance contracts); and 
(ii) 
alle 
gesetzlich 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
gemäß § 39 Absatz 1 InsO (wie 
nachstehend definiert); und 
(ii) 
all 
legally 
subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer pursuant 
to § 39 paragraph 1 InsO (as 
defined below); and 
(iii) 
alle nachrangigen Verbindlich-
keiten der Emittentin, soweit 
diese 
mit 
gesetzlich 
nach-
rangigen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin gemäß § 39 Absatz 1 
InsO zumindest gleichrangig 
sind; und 
(iii) 
all subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer ranking at least pari 
passu with the Issuer's legally 
subordinated obligations pur-
suant to § 39 paragraph 1 InsO; 
and 
(iv) 
alle 
sonstigen 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emitten-
tin, die aufgrund zwingender ge-
setzlicher Bestimmungen gegen-
über den Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aus den Schuld-
verschreibungen vorrangig sind. 
(iv) 
all 
other 
subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer required 
to be preferred to the obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes by 
mandatory provisions of law. 
"Insolvenzordnung" 
oder 
"InsO" 
bezeichnet die Insolvenzordnung (InsO) 
"Insolvency Code" or "InsO" means 
the 
German 
Insolvency 
Code

--- Page 100 ---
100 
vom 5. Oktober 1994 in der jeweils 
geltenden 
Fassung; 
soweit 
Bestimmungen der Insolvenzordnung 
geändert oder ersetzt werden, bezieht 
sich der Verweis auf Bestimmungen der 
Insolvenzordnung 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
(Insolvenzordnung) dated 5 October 
1994, as amended; to the extent that any 
provisions of the InsO are amended or 
replaced, the reference to provisions of 
the InsO as used in these Terms and 
Conditions shall refer to such amended 
provisions or successor provisions from 
time to time. 
(2) 
Aufrechnungsverbot. 
(2) 
No right to set-off.
Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
sind 
nicht 
berechtigt, 
Forderungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen gegen etwaige 
Forderungen der Emittentin gegen sie 
aufzurechnen 
oder 
ihrerseits 
der 
Emittentin geschuldete Leistungen zu 
verweigern. Die Emittentin ist nicht 
berechtigt, Forderungen gegenüber den 
Anleihegläubigern 
mit 
ihren 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuld-
verschreibungen aufzurechnen. 
The Noteholders may not set off any 
claims arising under the Notes against 
any claims that the Issuer may have 
against each of them or refuse to 
perform any of the Noteholders' 
obligations towards the Issuer. The 
Issuer may not set off any claims which 
it may have against any Noteholder 
against any of its obligations under the 
Notes. 
(3) 
Keine Sicherheit. 
(3) 
No security. 
Für die Rechte der Anleihegläubiger aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen 
keine Sicherheit jedweder Art durch die 
Emittentin oder durch Dritte gestellt; 
eine solche Sicherheit wird auch zu 
keinem Zeitpunkt gestellt werden. 
No security of whatever kind is, or will 
at any time be, provided by the Issuer or 
any other person securing rights of the 
Noteholders under the Notes. 
(4) 
Zahlungsbedingungen; 
Hinweis 
auf 
vorinsolvenzliches Zahlungsverbot. 
(4) 
Payment conditions; Note on pre-
insolvency payment prohibition. 
Bereits vor Einleitung eines Insolvenz- 
oder Liquidationsverfahrens über das 
Vermögen der Emittentin steht 
Even prior to the commencement of any 
insolvency or liquidation proceedings 
over the assets of the Issuer 
(a) 
jede Zahlung von Zinsen und 
jede 
Nachzahlung 
von 
Zinsrückständen 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unter 
dem Vorbehalt der Erfüllung der 
Bedingungen gemäß § 4(1) und 
§ 4(2) und 
(a) 
any payment of interest and any 
payment of Arrears of Interest 
(as defined below) on the Notes 
will be subject to the conditions 
set forth in § 4(1) and § 4(2) 
being satisfied; and 
(b) 
jede Rückzahlung der Schuld-
verschreibungen 
und 
jeder 
Rückkauf 
(wie 
in § 6(8)(a) 
definiert) unter dem Vorbehalt 
der Erfüllung der Rückgewähr-
bedingungen gemäß § 6(4). 
(b) 
any redemption of the Notes and 
any Repurchase (as defined in 
§ 6(8)(a)) will be subject to the 
Conditions to Redemption set 
forth in § 6(4) being satisfied. 
Zu den Bedingungen gemäß § 4(1) und 
§ 4(2) 
und 
zu 
den 
Rückgewährbedingungen gemäß § 6(4) 
gehört die Bedingung, dass an dem Tag, 
an dem der betreffende Betrag von 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
(oder 
Zinsrückständen) 
zur 
Zahlung 
vorgesehen 
ist, 
weder 
ein 
Insolvenzereignis 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) eingetreten ist und an diesem 
Tag fortbesteht noch die Zahlung ein 
Insolvenzereignis auslösen oder dessen 
drohenden 
Eintritt 
beschleunigen 
würde. 
The conditions set forth in § 4(1) and 
§ 4(2) 
and 
the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption set forth in § 6(4) include 
the condition that, on the date on which 
the relevant amount of principal or 
interest (or Arrears of Interest) is 
scheduled to be paid, neither an 
Insolvency Event (as defined below) has 
occurred and is continuing on such date 
nor that such payment would cause or 
accelerate the imminent occurrence of 
an Insolvency Event. 
Das bedeutet, dass die Anleihegläubiger 
bereits vor Einleitung eines Insolvenz- 
oder Liquidationsverfahrens über das 
Vermögen der Emittentin nur dann 
einen 
fälligen 
Anspruch 
auf 
die 
betreffende vorgesehene Zahlung von 
Zinsen, 
die 
Nachzahlung 
von 
This means that already prior to the 
commencement of any insolvency or 
liquidation proceedings over the assets 
of the Issuer the Noteholders will only 
have a due (fällig) claim for the relevant 
scheduled payment of interest, the 
settlement of Arrears of Interest or for

--- Page 101 ---
101 
Zinsrückständen oder die Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
haben, 
sofern kein Eröffnungsgrund für ein 
Insolvenzverfahren über die Emittentin 
im 
Sinne 
der 
Anwendbaren 
Insolvenzrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
vorliegt 
und 
die 
Zahlung 
des 
betreffenden 
Betrages 
nicht 
die 
Insolvenz der Emittentin verursachen 
oder den Prozess der Insolvenz der 
Emittentin 
beschleunigen 
würde. 
Gemäß den am Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
geltenden 
Anwendbaren 
Insolvenzrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
sind 
folgende 
Eröffnungsgründe 
möglich: 
Am 
vorgesehenen Zahlungstag (i) ist die 
Emittentin überschuldet im Sinne von 
§ 19 InsO oder (ii) ist die Emittentin 
zahlungsunfähig im Sinne von § 17 
InsO oder (iii) liegt eine drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit der Emittentin im 
Sinne von § 18 InsO vor. 
the redemption of the Notes if no reason 
for the commencement of insolvency 
proceedings in respect of the Issuer in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Applicable 
Insolvency Regulations (as defined 
below) exists and if the payment of the 
relevant amount were not to cause the 
insolvency of the Issuer or accelerate the 
process 
of 
the 
Issuer 
becoming 
insolvent. Pursuant to the Applicable 
Insolvency Regulations in effect on the 
date of issue of the Notes, the following 
reasons for the commencement of 
insolvency proceedings apply: On the 
scheduled payment date, (i) the Issuer is 
over-indebted within the meaning of 
§ 19 InsO or (ii) the Issuer is illiquid 
(zahlungsunfähig) within the meaning 
of § 17 InsO or (iii) an imminent 
illiquidity 
(drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit) of the Issuer 
within the meaning of § 18 InsO exists. 
Diese Zahlungsbedingungen begründen 
ein Zahlungsverbot dahingehend, dass 
Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen von der Emittentin nur nach 
Maßgabe 
der 
vorgenannten 
Bedingungen geleistet werden dürfen. 
Verbotswidrige Zahlungen sind der 
Emittentin 
ohne 
Rücksicht 
auf 
entgegenstehende 
Vereinbarungen 
zurückzugewähren. 
These payment conditions constitute a 
prohibition to pay in that any payment 
on the Notes may only be made by the 
Issuer if it is made in accordance with 
the aforementioned conditions. Any 
payment made in breach of this 
prohibition must be returned to the 
Issuer irrespective of any agreement to 
the contrary. 
Ein "Insolvenzereignis" ist unabhängig 
von der Einleitung eines Insolvenz- oder 
Liquidationsverfahrens 
eingetreten, 
wenn bezüglich der Emittentin ein 
Eröffnungsgrund 
für 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren 
im 
Sinne 
der 
Anwendbaren 
Insolvenzrechtlichen 
Vorschriften vorliegt. Gemäß den am 
Tag der Begebung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
geltenden 
Anwendbaren 
Insolvenzrechtlichen Vorschriften sind 
folgende Eröffnungsgründe möglich: 
(i) die 
Emittentin 
ist 
an 
dem 
betreffenden Tag überschuldet im Sinne 
von § 19 InsO oder (ii) die Emittentin ist 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Tag 
zahlungsunfähig im Sinne von § 17 
InsO, oder (iii) bei der Emittentin liegt 
eine drohende Zahlungsunfähigkeit im 
Sinne von § 18 InsO vor (unabhängig 
davon, 
ob 
die 
Eröffnung 
eines 
Insolvenzverfahrens beantragt wurde). 
An 
"Insolvency 
Event" 
occurs, 
regardless of the commencement of any 
insolvency or liquidation proceedings, if 
a reason for the commencement of 
insolvency proceedings in respect of the 
Issuer within the meaning of the 
Applicable 
Insolvency 
Regulations 
exists. Pursuant to the Applicable 
Insolvency Regulations in effect on the 
date of issue of the Notes, the following 
reasons for the commencement of 
insolvency proceedings apply: On any 
relevant day, (i) the Issuer is over-
indebted (überschuldet) within the 
meaning of § 19 InsO or (ii) the Issuer is 
illiquid (zahlungsunfähig) within the 
meaning of § 17 InsO or (iii) an 
imminent 
illiquidity 
(drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit) of the Issuer 
within the meaning of § 18 InsO exists 
(regardless of the application for the 
commencement of any insolvency 
proceedings). 
Dabei bezeichnet "Anwendbare 
Insolvenzrechtliche 
Vorschriften" die maßgeblichen 
Vorschriften 
zur 
Regelung 
öffentlicher und/oder privater 
Verfahren, die der Abwicklung 
und/oder 
Sanierung 
der 
Emittentin dienen (einschließlich 
der 
insolvenzrechtlichen 
Vorschriften), 
und 
weitere, 
darauf bezogene Regelungen 
und 
Verordnungen 
sowie 
Beschlüsse 
und 
sonstige 
Entscheidungen einer für die 
Abwicklung und/oder Sanierung 
zuständigen 
Behörde 
und 
sonstige 
Vorschriften 
Where "Applicable Insolvency 
Regulations" means the relevant 
provisions 
governing 
public 
and/or private proceedings for 
the 
resolution 
and/or 
reorganisation of the Issuer 
(including the insolvency laws) 
and any further rules and 
regulations thereunder and any 
orders or other decisions of any 
authority which is competent for 
the 
resolution 
and/or 
reorganisation, and any other 
provisions 
(including 
the 
administrative practice of such 
authorities and any pertinent 
court 
case 
law 
and 
court

--- Page 102 ---
102 
(einschließlich 
der 
Verwaltungspraxis 
dieser 
Behörden 
und 
einschlägiger 
Gerichtspraxis 
und 
Gerichtsentscheidungen), 
die 
jeweils 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Emittentin in dem betreffenden 
Zeitpunkt anwendbar sind. 
decisions) that are applicable to 
the Issuer from time to time. 
(5) 
Unter Beachtung von § 2(1) bis (4) 
bleibt es der Emittentin unbenommen, 
ihre Verbindlichkeiten aus den Schuld-
verschreibungen 
auch 
aus 
ihrem 
sonstigen freien Vermögen zu bedienen. 
(5) 
Subject to § 2(1) to (4), the Issuer may 
pay any amounts under the Notes also 
from its other distributable assets 
(sonstiges freies Vermögen). 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) 
Festzins. 
(1) 
Fixed rate interest. 
(a) 
In 
dem 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen]
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) bis zum [Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
einfügen]
(der 
"Erste 
Zinsanpassungstag") 
(ausschließlich) 
wird 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
bezogen 
auf ihre festgelegte Stückelung 
mit [Zinssatz einfügen] % per 
annum verzinst. 
(a) 
In the period from and including 
[insert Interest Commencement 
Date]
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date") to but 
excluding [insert First Reset 
Date] (the "First Reset Date") 
each Note bears interest on its 
Specified Denomination at a rate 
of [insert Rate of Interest] % per 
annum. 
Während dieses Zeitraums sind 
die Zinsen auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen nachträglich am 
[Festzins-Zinszahlungstag(e) 
einfügen]. eines jeden Jahres 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Festzins-
Zinszahlungstag"), beginnend 
am [●] zur Zahlung vorgesehen 
[(erste kurze/lange Zinsperiode)]
und 
werden 
gemäß 
den 
Bedingungen der § 4(1) und (2) 
fällig. 
During such period interest on 
the Notes is scheduled to be paid 
in arrear on [insert Fixed Interest 
Payment Date(s)] of each year 
(each 
a 
"Fixed 
Interest 
Payment Date"), commencing 
on [●] [(short/long first coupon)]
and will be due and payable 
(fällig) in accordance with the 
conditions set forth in § 4(1) and 
(2). 
[Die erste Zinszahlung beläuft 
sich 
auf 
einen 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
von 
EUR [anfänglichen 
Bruch-
teilzinsbetrag 
je 
festgelegter 
Stückelung 
einfügen]
je 
festgelegter Stückelung.] 
[The first payment of interest 
will amount to a broken interest 
amount of EUR [insert initial 
broken interest amount per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
per 
Specified Denomination.] 
(b) 
Zinsen für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum [im Falle einer kurzen 
oder langen ersten oder letzten 
Zinsperiode 
einfügen: 
(ausgenommen ist ein etwaiger 
Zeitraum, 
für 
den 
ein 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
festgelegt 
ist)]
bis 
zum 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(aus-
schließlich) werden auf der 
Grundlage 
des 
Festzins-
Zinstagequotienten berechnet. 
(b) 
Interest for any period of time [in 
case of a short or long first or 
last coupon insert: (other than 
any period of time for which a 
broken interest amount has been 
fixed)] to but excluding the First 
Reset Date will be calculated on 
the basis of the Fixed Rate Day 
Count Fraction. 
"Festzins-Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die 
Berechnung eines Betrages von 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum (der "Festzinsberech-
nungszeitraum"): 
"Fixed 
Rate 
Day 
Count 
Fraction" means, in respect of 
the calculation of an amount of 
interest on the Notes for any 
period of time (the "Fixed Rate 
Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
wenn der Festzinsberech-
nungszeitraum der Fest-
(i) 
if 
the 
Fixed 
Rate 
Calculation 
Period 
is

--- Page 103 ---
103 
stellungsperiode 
entspricht, in die er fällt, 
oder kürzer als diese ist, 
die Anzahl von Tagen in 
dem 
Festzinsberech-
nungszeitraum dividiert 
durch das Produkt aus (x) 
der Anzahl von Tagen in 
der betreffenden Feststel-
lungsperiode und (y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststel-
lungsperioden, die üb-
licherweise in einem Jahr 
enden; und 
equal to or shorter than 
the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the 
number of days in the 
Fixed Rate Calculation 
Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number 
of 
days 
in 
such 
Determination Period and 
(y) 
the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods 
normally ending in any 
year; and 
(ii) 
wenn der Festzinsberech-
nungszeitraum länger als 
eine Feststellungsperiode 
ist, die Summe aus 
(ii) 
if 
the 
Fixed 
Rate 
Calculation 
Period 
is 
longer 
than 
one 
Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
(A) 
der Anzahl der 
Tage 
in 
dem 
betreffenden Fest-
zinsberechnungs-
zeitraum, die in 
die Feststellungs-
periode fallen, in 
der der Festzins-
berechnungszeit-
raum 
beginnt, 
dividiert durch das 
Produkt aus (x) 
der Anzahl der 
Tage 
in 
der 
betreffenden Fest-
stellungsperiode 
und (y) der Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperio
den, 
die 
üblicherweise 
in 
einem Jahr enden; 
und 
(A) 
the 
number 
of 
days in such Fixed 
Rate Calculation 
Period falling in 
the Determination 
Period in which 
the 
Fixed 
Rate 
Calculation Period 
begins divided by 
the product of (x) 
the 
number 
of 
days 
in 
such 
Determination 
Period and (y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods normally 
ending 
in 
any 
year; and 
(B) 
die Anzahl der 
Tage 
in 
dem 
betreffenden Fest-
zinsberechnungs-
zeitraum, die in 
die nachfolgende 
Feststellungs-
periode 
fallen, 
dividiert durch das 
Produkt 
aus 
(x) der Anzahl der 
Tage 
in 
der 
betreffenden Fest-
stellungsperiode 
und (y) der Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperio
den, 
die 
üblicherweise 
in 
einem Jahr enden. 
(B) 
the 
number 
of 
days in such Fixed 
Rate Calculation 
Period falling in 
the 
next 
Determination 
Period divided by 
the product of (x) 
the 
number 
of 
days 
in 
such 
Determination 
Period and (y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods normally 
ending in any year. 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"Feststellungsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
Zeitraum 
ab 
einem 
Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich), der in ein 
beliebiges Jahr fällt, bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Fest-
"Determination Period" 
means each period from 
and 
including 
a 
Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding 
the next Determination 
Date.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
stellungstermin 
(aus-
schließlich). 
"Feststellungstermin" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
[Feststellungstermin(e) 
einfügen]. 
"Determination 
Date" 
means 
each 
[insert 
Determination Date(s)]. 
"Festzinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(ein-
schließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Festzins-Zinszahlungstag (aus-
schließlich) und nachfolgend ab 
jedem Festzins-Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zu dem je-
weils nächstfolgenden Festzins-
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließ-
lich). 
"Fixed Interest Period" means 
each period from and including 
the 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first 
Fixed Interest Payment Date and 
thereafter from and including 
each Fixed Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next 
following 
Fixed 
Interest 
Payment Date. 
(2) 
Variabler Zins. 
(2) 
Floating rate interest. 
(a) 
Variable Zinszahlungstage. 
(a) 
Floating Interest Payment Dates. 
(i) 
Jede 
Schuldverschrei-
bung wird bezogen auf 
ihre 
festgelegte 
Stückelung ab dem Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(einschließlich) für die 
jeweilige 
Variable 
Zinsperiode 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
mit einem jährlichen Satz, 
der 
dem 
Variablen 
Zinssatz 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
entspricht, verzinst. Die 
Zinsen für jede Variable 
Zinsperiode 
sind 
nachträglich an jedem 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
zur 
Zahlung vorgesehen und 
werden 
gemäß 
den 
Bedingungen der § 4(1) 
und (2) fällig. Der zur 
Zahlung 
vorgesehene 
Variable Zinsbetrag wird 
gemäß § 3(5) berechnet. 
(i) 
Each Note bears interest 
on 
its 
Specified 
Denomination at the rate 
per annum equal to the 
Floating Rate of Interest 
(as defined below) from 
and including the First 
Reset 
Date 
for 
the 
relevant Floating Interest 
Period 
(as 
defined 
below). Interest for each 
Floating Interest Period is 
scheduled to be paid in 
arrear on each Floating 
Interest Payment Date 
and will be due and 
payable 
(fällig) 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
conditions set forth in 
§ 4(1) 
and 
(2). 
The 
Floating Interest Amount 
scheduled to be paid shall 
be 
determined 
in 
accordance with § 3(5). 
(ii) 
"Variabler 
Zinszah-
lungstag" 
bezeichnet, 
vorbehaltlich der Variab-
len 
Geschäftstagekon-
vention, den [Variable(n) 
Zinszahlungstag(e) 
ein-
fügen] eines jeden Jahres. 
Der 
erste 
Variable 
Zinszahlungstag 
ist, 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Variablen Geschäftstage-
konvention, der [●]. 
(ii) 
"Floating 
Interest 
Payment Date" means, 
subject to the Floating 
Business 
Day 
Con-
vention, [insert Floating 
Interest Payment Date(s)]
in each year. The first 
Floating Interest Payment 
Date will be [●], subject 
to the Floating Business 
Day Convention. 
(iii) 
"Variable 
Geschäfts-
tagekonvention" hat die 
folgende Bedeutung: Fällt 
ein Variabler Zinszah-
lungstag auf einen Tag, 
der 
kein 
Geschäftstag 
(wie in § 5(4) definiert) 
ist, 
dann 
wird 
der 
Variable Zinszahlungstag 
auf den nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben, 
es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten 
(iii) 
"Floating Business Day 
Convention" 
has 
the 
following meaning: If any 
Floating Interest Payment 
Date would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a 
Business Day (as defined 
in § 5(4)), the Floating 
Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a 
Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Kalendermonat fallen; in 
diesem Falle wird der 
Variable Zinszahlungstag 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden 
Ge-
schäftstag vorgezogen. 
the next calendar month, 
in 
which 
event 
the 
Floating Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought 
forward 
to 
the 
immediately 
preceding 
Business Day. 
(b) 
Variabler Zinssatz. 
(b) 
Floating Rate of Interest. 
Der "Variable Zinssatz" für 
jede Variable Zinsperiode ist der 
Zinssatz per annum, der dem 
Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend 
definiert) zuzüglich der Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
entspricht, wobei der Variable 
Zinssatz mindestens 0,00 % per 
annum beträgt. 
The "Floating Rate of Interest" 
for each Floating Interest Period 
will be a rate per annum equal to 
the Reference Rate (as defined 
below) plus the Margin (as 
defined below), subject to a 
minimum for the Floating Rate 
of Interest of 0.00 % per annum. 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"Marge" 
bezeichnet 
[anwendbare Formulierung für 
die Marge einfügen].20
"Margin" 
means 
[insert 
applicable formulation for the 
Margin].21
"Variable 
Zinsperiode" 
be-
zeichnet den Zeitraum ab dem 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Variablen Zinszahlungstag (aus-
schließlich) 
sowie 
jeden 
folgenden Zeitraum ab jedem 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zu dem 
jeweils 
nächstfolgenden 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
"Floating 
Interest 
Period" 
means the period from and 
including the First Reset Date to 
but excluding the first Floating 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
and 
thereafter from and including 
each Floating Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next 
following 
Floating 
Interest 
Payment Date. 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet jede 
Festzinsperiode 
und 
jede 
Variable Zinsperiode. 
"Interest Period" means each 
Fixed Interest Period and each 
Floating Interest Period. 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
bezeichnet 
jeden Festzins-Zahlungstag und 
jeden 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag. 
"Interest Payment Date" means 
each Fixed Interest Payment 
Date and each Floating Interest 
Payment Date. 
(3) 
Feststellung des Referenzsatzes. 
(3) 
Determination of the Reference Rate. 
Die Berechnungsstelle bestimmt an 
jedem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
den 
betreffenden 
Referenzsatz 
nach 
Maßgabe dieses § 3(3). 
The Calculation Agent will determine 
the 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate 
in 
accordance with this § 3(3) on each 
Interest Determination Date. 
Der "Referenzsatz" für jede Variable 
Zinsperiode wird wie folgt bestimmt: 
The "Reference Rate" for each Floating 
Interest Period will be determined as 
follows: 
(a) 
Für jede Variable Zinsperiode, 
die 
vor 
dem 
Eintritt 
des 
jeweiligen Stichtags (wie in 
§ 3(4)(g) 
definiert) 
beginnt, 
entspricht der Referenzsatz dem 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz 
an dem betreffenden Zinsfest-
setzungstag. 
(a) 
For each Floating Interest Period 
beginning prior to the occurrence 
of the relevant Effective Date (as 
defined 
in 
§ 3(4)(g)), 
the 
Reference Rate will be equal to 
the Original Benchmark Rate on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
Falls 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
dem 
betreffenden Zeitpunkt an dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt wird, entspricht der 
If the Original Benchmark Rate 
does not appear on the Screen 
Page as at the relevant time on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
the 
Reference Rate shall be equal to 
20 
Satz per annum, der höchstens der ursprünglichen Kreditmarge zum Zeitpunkt der Festsetzung der Konditionen zzgl. eines moderaten Step-up i.H.v. 100 
Basispunkten entspricht. 
21 
A rate per annum not exceeding the initial credit spread (as determined at the time of pricing) and the moderate interest step-up of 100 basis points.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Referenzsatz 
dem 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz 
auf der Bildschirmseite an dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
an 
dem 
dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde. 
the Original Benchmark Rate on 
the Screen Page on the last day 
preceding 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark Rate 
was displayed. 
(b) 
Für die Variable Zinsperiode, die 
unmittelbar nach dem jeweiligen 
Stichtag beginnt, und für alle 
folgenden 
Variablen 
Zinsperioden 
wird 
der 
Referenzsatz 
gemäß 
§ 3(4) 
bestimmt. 
(b) 
For the Floating Interest Period 
commencing immediately after 
the relevant Effective Date and 
all following Floating Interest 
Periods, the Reference Rate will 
be determined in accordance 
with § 3(4). 
(c) 
Wenn 
die 
Feststellung 
des 
Referenzsatzes 
dazu 
führen 
würde, 
dass 
ein 
Aufsichtsrechtliches 
Ereignis 
(wie 
in 
§ 6(3)(c) 
definiert) 
eintritt, 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz für die nächste und 
jede 
nachfolgende 
Variable 
Zinsperiode dem anwendbaren 
Ausweichsatz (wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
(c) 
If the determination of the 
Reference Rate would cause a 
Regulatory Event (as defined in 
§ 6(3)(c)), the Reference Rate 
applicable to the next and each 
subsequent 
Floating 
Interest 
Period shall be the applicable 
Fallback 
Rate 
(as 
defined 
below). 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"Ausweichsatz" bezeichnet (x) für jede 
nachfolgende 
Variable 
Zinsperiode 
außer der ersten Variablen Zinsperiode 
den 
an 
dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
festgestellten Referenzsatz bzw. (y) für 
die erste Variable Zinsperiode [●] % per 
annum.22
"Fallback Rate" means, (x) for each 
Floating Interest Period except the first 
Floating Interest Period, the Reference 
Rate determined on the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date or (y) for 
the first Floating Interest Period, [●] per 
cent. per annum.23
["Bildschirmseite" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 
oder eine andere Bildschirmseite von 
Reuters oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter als Nachfolger, 
welche die Reuters Bildschirmseite 
EURIBOR01 zur Anzeige solcher Sätze 
ersetzt.] 
["Screen Page" means the Reuters 
screen page EURIBOR01 or such other 
screen page of Reuters or such other 
information service which is the 
successor to the Reuters screen page 
EURIBOR01 for purposes of displaying 
such rates.] 
"T2-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen 
Tag, an dem das Real-time Gross 
Settlement System des Eurosystems 
oder dessen Nachfolgesystem (T2) 
betriebsbereit ist. 
"T2 Business Day" means a day on 
which the real-time gross settlement 
system operated by the Eurosystem or 
any successor system (T2) is operating. 
"Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz" an 
einem Tag bezeichnet (vorbehaltlich 
§ 3(4)) die [1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-Monats Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum), die an dem 
betreffenden 
Tag 
um 
11:00 
Uhr 
(Brüsseler Ortszeit) festgesetzt und auf 
der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird. 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any 
day means (subject to § 3(4)) the [1 / 3 / 
6 / 12]-month Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) fixed at, and appearing on the 
Screen Page as of, 11:00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on such day. 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" bezeichnet den 
zweiten T2-Geschäftstag vor Beginn der 
jeweiligen Variablen Zinsperiode. 
"Interest Determination Date" means 
the second T2 Business Day prior to the 
22 
Dieser Satz entspricht der 
(x) Summe aus der (im Zeitpunkt der Preisfestsetzung festgestellten) Reoffer-Rendite und dem moderaten Zins-Step-Up iHv 100 Basispunkten, 
welche Summe von einem per annum Satz (zahlbar jährlich nachträglich auf der Grundlage von Act/Act) auf einen per annum Satz (zahlbar 
vierteljährlich nachträglich auf der Grundlage von Act/360) umgerechnet wird; 
(y) abzüglich der in § 3(2)(b) definierten Marge. 
23 
This rate will be equal to 
(x) the sum of the re-offer yield (as determined at the time of pricing) and the moderate interest step-up of 100 basis points, which sum is converted 
from a per annum rate (payable annually in arrear on an Act/Act basis) to a per annum rate (payable quarterly in arrear on an Act/360 basis); 
(y) less the Margin defined in § 3(2)(b).

--- Page 107 ---
107 
commencement of the relevant Floating 
Interest Period. 
(4) 
Benchmark-Ereignis. 
(4) 
Benchmark Event. 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis (wie in 
§ 3(4)(f) definiert) in Bezug auf den 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz eintritt, 
gilt 
für 
die 
Bestimmung 
des 
betreffenden Referenzsatzes und die 
Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß § 3(2) Folgendes: 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in 
§ 3(4)(f)) occurs in relation to the 
Original Benchmark Rate, the relevant 
Reference Rate and the interest on the 
Notes in accordance with § 3(2) will be 
determined as follows: 
(a) 
Unabhängiger Berater.
(a) 
Independent Adviser. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
sich 
bemühen, sobald dies (nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
der 
Emittentin) nach Eintritt des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses und vor 
dem 
nächsten 
Zinsfestsetzungstag erforderlich 
ist, einen Unabhängigen Berater 
(wie in § 3(4)(f) definiert) zu 
benennen, der nach billigem 
Ermessen 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz (wie in § 3(4)(f) 
definiert), 
die 
Anpassungsspanne 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(4)(f) definiert) und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen (wie in 
§ 3(4)(d) definiert) festlegt. 
The Issuer shall, as soon as this is 
(in 
the 
Issuer's 
reasonable 
discretion) required following 
the occurrence of the Benchmark 
Event and prior to the next 
Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
endeavour 
to 
appoint 
an 
Independent Adviser (as defined 
in § 3(4)(f)), who will determine 
in its reasonable discretion a 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
(as 
defined 
in 
§ 3(4)(f)), 
the 
Adjustment Spread (as defined in 
§ 3(4)(f)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (as defined in 
§ 3(4)(d)). 
(b) 
Ausweichsatz (Fallback). 
(b) 
Fallback rate. 
Wenn vor dem 10. Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
If, prior to the 10th Business Day 
prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, 
(i) 
die 
Emittentin 
keinen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
ernannt hat; oder 
(i) 
the 
Issuer 
has 
not 
appointed an Independent 
Adviser; or 
(ii) 
der 
ernannte 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
keinen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
keine 
Anpassungsspanne 
und/oder 
keine 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
(sofern 
erforderlich) 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(4) 
festgelegt hat, 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it has not 
determined 
a 
New 
Benchmark Rate, has not 
determined 
the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and/or has not determined 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if required) 
in accordance with this 
§ 3(4), 
dann entspricht der Referenzsatz 
für 
die 
nächste 
Variable 
Zinsperiode dem anwendbaren 
Ausweichsatz. 
then 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
applicable to the immediately 
following 
Floating 
Interest 
Period shall be the applicable 
Fallback Rate. 
Falls der Ausweichsatz zur 
Anwendung kommt, wird § 3(4) 
erneut angewendet, um den 
Referenzsatz für die nächste 
nachfolgende 
(und, 
sofern 
notwendig, 
weitere 
nachfolgende) 
Variable 
Zinsperiode(n) zu bestimmen. 
If the Fallback Rate is to be 
applied, § 3(4) will be operated 
again to determine the Reference 
Rate applicable to the next 
subsequent (and, if required, 
further 
subsequent) 
Floating 
Interest Period(s).

--- Page 108 ---
108 
(c) 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz oder 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
(c) 
Successor Benchmark Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate. 
Falls der Unabhängige Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
feststellt, 
If 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines in its reasonable 
discretion that: 
(i) 
dass es einen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann 
ist 
dieser 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz der Neue 
Benchmarksatz; oder 
(i) 
there 
is 
a 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate, then 
such 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate shall be 
the 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate; or 
(ii) 
dass es keinen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz 
aber 
einen 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann 
ist 
dieser 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz der Neue 
Benchmarksatz. 
(ii) 
there is no Successor 
Benchmark Rate but that 
there is an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, then 
such 
Alternative 
Benchmark Rate shall be 
the 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate. 
In beiden Fällen entspricht der 
Referenzsatz für die unmittelbar 
nach dem Stichtag beginnende 
Variable Zinsperiode und alle 
folgenden 
Variablen 
Zinsperioden 
vorbehaltlich 
§ 3(3)(c) dann (x) dem Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
zuzüglich 
(y) der 
Anpassungsspanne. 
In either case the Reference Rate 
for the Floating Interest Period 
commencing immediately after 
the Effective Date and all 
following 
Floating 
Interest 
Periods will then be, subject to 
§ 3(3)(c), 
(x) the 
New 
Benchmark Rate on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date plus 
(y) the Adjustment Spread. 
(d) 
Benchmark-Änderungen. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments. 
Wenn ein Neuer Benchmarksatz 
und 
die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsspanne 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(4) festgelegt werden, 
und wenn der Unabhängige 
Berater nach billigem Ermessen 
feststellt, 
dass 
Änderungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
notwendig 
sind, 
um 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des Neuen Benchmarksatzes und 
der 
entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne 
zu 
gewährleisten 
(diese 
Änderungen, die "Benchmark-
Änderungen"), dann wird der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
die 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
nach 
billigem Ermessen feststellen. 
If any New Benchmark Rate and 
the 
applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread 
are 
determined 
in 
accordance with this § 3(4), and 
if 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines in its reasonable 
discretion that amendments to 
these Terms and Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper 
operation 
of 
such 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
and 
the 
applicable Adjustment Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments"), 
then the Independent Adviser 
will determine the Benchmark 
Amendments in its reasonable 
discretion. 
Diese Benchmark-Änderungen 
können insbesondere folgende 
Regelungen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen erfassen: 
Such Benchmark Amendments 
may include, without limitation, 
the following conditions of these 
Terms and Conditions: 
(i) 
die 
Feststellung 
des 
Referenzsatzes 
gemäß 
§ 3(3) und diesem § 3(4); 
und/oder 
(i) 
the determination of the 
Reference 
Rate 
in 
accordance with § 3(3) 
and this § 3(4); and/or 
(ii) 
die Definitionen der Be-
griffe 
"Geschäftstag", 
"Variable Zinsperiode", 
"Variabler Zinstagequo-
tient", "Variabler Zins-
zahlungstag" 
und/oder 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" 
(einschließlich der Fest-
legung, ob der Referenz-
satz vorwärts- oder rück-
(ii) 
the definitions of the 
terms "Business Day", 
"Floating 
Interest 
Period", "Floating Day 
Count 
Fraction", 
"Floating 
Interest 
Payment Date" and/or 
"Interest 
Determination 
Date" 
(including 
the 
determination 
whether 
the Reference Rate will

--- Page 109 ---
109 
wärtsgerichtet bestimmt 
wird); und/oder 
be 
determined 
on 
a 
forward looking or a 
backward looking basis); 
and/or 
(iii) 
die 
Geschäftstagekon-
vention gemäß der Defi-
nition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Variable Geschäftstage-
konvention" 
und 
den 
Zahltag gemäß § 5(4). 
(iii) 
the business day conven-
tion in the definition of 
the 
term 
"Floating 
Business Day Conven-
tion" and the payment 
date in accordance with 
§ 5(4). 
(e) 
Mitteilungen etc.
(e) 
Notices etc. 
(i) 
Die Emittentin wird einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne, 
etwaige 
Benchmark-
Änderungen 
und 
den 
betreffenden 
Stichtag 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(4) 
bzw. den Ausweichsatz 
gemäß 
§ 3(4)(b) 
dem 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
den 
Zahlstellen 
und 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
mitteilen, 
und 
zwar 
sobald 
eine 
solche 
Mitteilung (nach billigem 
Ermessen der Emittentin) 
nach deren Feststellung 
erforderlich 
ist, 
spätestens jedoch an dem 
10. Geschäftstag vor dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
(i) 
The Issuer will notify any 
New Benchmark Rate, 
the Adjustment Spread, 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and 
the 
relevant 
Effective 
Date 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
this 
§ 3(4) or the fallback rate 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 3(4)(b), as the case may 
be, to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation 
Agent 
as 
soon as such notification 
is 
(in 
the 
Issuer's 
reasonable 
discretion) 
required following the 
determination thereof, but 
in any event not later than 
on the 10th Business Day 
prior to 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date. 
(ii) 
Die Emittentin wird einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne 
und etwaige Benchmark-
Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(4) bzw. den 
Ausweichsatz 
gemäß 
§ 3(4)(b) 
den 
Anleihegläubigern gemäß 
§ 13 mitteilen, und zwar 
sobald wie möglich nach 
der 
Mitteilung 
gemäß 
Ziffer (i). Eine solche 
Mitteilung 
ist 
unwiderruflich und hat 
den Stichtag zu benennen. 
(ii) 
The Issuer will notify any 
New Benchmark Rate, 
the Adjustment Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(if 
any) 
determined in accordance 
with this § 3(4) or the 
fallback 
rate 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 3(4)(b), as the case may 
be, to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 13 as 
soon 
as 
practicable 
following the notice in 
accordance with clause 
(i). Such notice shall be 
irrevocable 
and 
shall 
specify 
the 
Effective 
Date. 
Der 
Neue 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-
Änderungen 
bzw. 
der 
Ausweichsatz sowie der 
betreffende Stichtag, die 
jeweils in der Mitteilung 
benannt 
werden, 
sind 
(sofern 
nicht 
ein 
offensichtlicher 
Irrtum 
vorliegt) 
für 
die 
Emittentin, den Fiscal 
Agent, die Zahlstellen, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
The 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) or the fallback 
rate, as the case may be, 
and the relevant Effective 
Date, each as specified in 
such notice, will (in the 
absence of manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying 
Agents, 
the 
Calculation Agent and the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
und die Anleihegläubiger 
bindend. 
(iii) 
Die Anleihebedingungen 
gelten ab dem Stichtag als 
durch 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
die etwaigen Benchmark-
Änderungen geändert. 
(iii) 
The 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
shall 
be 
deemed to have been 
amended by the New 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
Adjustment Spread and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(if 
any) 
with effect from the 
Effective Date. 
(f) 
Definitionen. 
(f) 
Definitions. 
Zur Verwendung in diesem 
§ 3(4): 
As used in this § 3(4): 
Die "Anpassungsspanne", die 
positiv, negativ oder gleich Null 
sein kann, wird in Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt 
und 
bezeichnet 
entweder (x) die Spanne oder 
(y) das Ergebnis der Anwendung 
der Formel oder Methode zur 
Berechnung der Spanne, die 
The 
"Adjustment 
Spread", 
which may be positive, negative 
or zero, will be expressed in basis 
points and means either (x) the 
spread, or (y) the result of the 
operation of the formula or 
methodology for calculating the 
spread, which 
(i) 
im Falle eines Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatzes formell 
im Zusammenhang mit 
der 
Ersetzung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes durch 
den 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz von dem 
Maßgeblichen 
Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wird; oder 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
is 
formally recommended in 
relation 
to 
the 
replacement 
of 
the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
with 
the 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate by the 
Relevant 
Nominating 
Body; or 
(ii) 
(sofern keine Empfehlung 
gemäß 
Ziffer (i) 
abgegeben wurde oder im 
Falle eines Alternativ-
Benchmarksatzes) 
üblicherweise 
an 
den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten 
auf 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
angewendet 
wird, 
um 
einen 
industrieweit 
akzeptierten 
Ersatz-
Benchmarksatz für den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
erzeugen, 
wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen 
durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen vorgenommen 
werden; oder 
(ii) 
(if no recommendation 
pursuant to clause (i) has 
been made, or in the case 
of 
an 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate) 
is 
customarily applied to the 
New Benchmark Rate in 
the 
international 
debt 
capital 
markets 
to 
produce 
an 
industry-
accepted 
replacement 
benchmark rate for the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate, provided that all 
determinations will be 
made by the Independent 
Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion; or 
(iii) 
(sofern der Unabhängige 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen feststellt, dass 
keine 
solche 
Spanne 
üblicherweise angewen-
det wird, und dass das 
Folgende für die Schuld-
verschreibungen 
ange-
messen ist) als indu-
strieweiter Standard für 
Over-the-Counter-Deri-
vatetransaktionen, 
die 
sich 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
(iii) 
(if 
the 
Independent 
Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion determines that 
no 
such 
spread 
is 
customarily applied and 
that the following would 
be appropriate for the 
Notes) is recognised or 
acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for 
over-the-counter 
derivative 
transactions 
which 
reference 
the 
Original 
Benchmark

--- Page 111 ---
111 
Benchmarksatz beziehen, 
anerkannt oder bestätigt 
ist, 
wenn 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz durch den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
ersetzt worden ist, wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen 
durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen vorgenommen 
werden. 
Rate, where the Original 
Benchmark Rate has been 
replaced by the New 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
provided 
that 
all 
determinations will be 
made by the Independent 
Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion. 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
alternative 
Benchmark 
oder 
einen 
alternativen Bildschirmsatz, die 
bzw. der üblicherweise an den 
internationalen Anleihekapital-
märkten zur Bestimmung von 
variablen Zinssätzen in der 
festgelegten 
Währung 
angewendet 
wird, 
wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen durch 
den 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
vorgenommen werden. 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" 
means an alternative benchmark 
or an alternative screen rate 
which is customarily applied in 
the international debt capital 
markets for the purpose of 
determining floating rates of 
interest 
in 
the 
Specified 
Currency, provided that all 
determinations will be made by 
the Independent Adviser. 
Ein "Benchmark-Ereignis" tritt 
ein, wenn: 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs 
if: 
(i) 
eine öffentliche Erklä-
rung oder eine Veröffent-
lichung von Informatio-
nen von oder im Namen 
der für den Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes zustän-
digen Aufsichtsbehörde 
vorgenommen 
wird, 
(x) aus der hervorgeht, 
dass dieser Administrator 
die Bereitstellung des Ur-
sprünglichen 
Bench-
marksatzes 
dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte 
Zeit eingestellt hat oder 
einstellen wird, es sei 
denn, 
es 
gibt 
einen 
Nachfolgeadministrator, 
der den Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz weiterhin 
bereitstellt, 
oder 
(y) aufgrund derer der 
Ursprüngliche 
Bench-
marksatz allgemein oder 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht mehr verwendet 
werden darf; oder 
(i) 
a public statement or 
publication 
of 
information by or on 
behalf of the regulatory 
supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
administrator is made, 
(x) stating 
that 
said 
administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely, unless there 
is 
a 
successor 
administrator that will 
continue to provide the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
or 
(y) as 
a 
consequence of which the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
will be prohibited from 
being 
used 
either 
generally, or in respect of 
the Notes; or 
(ii) 
eine öffentliche Erklä-
rung oder eine Veröffent-
lichung 
von 
Informa-
tionen 
von 
oder 
im 
Namen 
des 
Admini-
strators des Ursprüng-
lichen Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird, aus 
der hervorgeht, dass der 
Administrator die Bereit-
stellung des Ursprüng-
lichen Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte Zeit einge-
stellt hat oder einstellen 
wird, es sei denn, es gibt 
(ii) 
a public statement or 
publication 
of 
information by or on 
behalf of the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
administrator is made, 
stating 
that 
said 
administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely, unless there 
is 
a 
successor 
administrator that will 
continue to provide the

--- Page 112 ---
112 
einen Nachfolgeadmini-
strator, der den Ursprüng-
lichen 
Benchmarksatz 
weiterhin 
bereitstellt; 
oder 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate; or 
(iii) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
veröffentlicht 
wird, 
wonach 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
ihrer 
Ansicht nach nicht mehr 
repräsentativ 
für 
den 
zugrunde 
liegenden 
Markt, den er zu messen 
vorgibt, ist oder sein wird, 
und 
keine 
von 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
geforderten Maßnahmen 
zur 
Behebung 
einer 
solchen 
Situation 
ergriffen werden oder zu 
erwarten sind; oder 
(iii) 
a public statement by the 
regulatory supervisor of 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate 
administrator 
is 
made that, in its view, the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
is no longer, or will no 
longer be, representative 
of the underlying market 
it purports to measure and 
no action to remediate 
such a situation is taken or 
expected to be taken as 
required by the regulatory 
supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
administrator; or 
(iv) 
die 
Verwendung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Bench-
marksatzes 
aus 
irgendeinem Grund nach 
einem Gesetz oder einer 
Verordnung, die in Bezug 
auf die Zahlstellen, die 
Berechnungsstelle 
oder 
die Emittentin anwendbar 
sind, 
rechtswidrig 
geworden ist; oder 
(iv) 
it has become, for any 
reason, unlawful under 
any law or regulation 
applicable to any Paying 
Agent, the Calculation 
Agent or the Issuer to use 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate; or 
(v) 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
ohne 
vorherige 
offizielle 
Ankündigung durch die 
zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder 
den 
Administrator 
dauerhaft 
nicht 
mehr 
veröffentlicht wird; oder 
(v) 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate is permanently no 
longer published without 
a 
previous 
official 
announcement 
by 
the 
regulatory supervisor or 
the administrator; or 
(vi) 
eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung 
der 
Methodologie 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird. 
(vi) 
a material change is made 
to 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
methodology. 
"Maßgebliches Nominierungs-
gremium" bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf die Ersetzung des Ur-
sprünglichen Benchmarksatzes: 
"Relevant Nominating Body" 
means, 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate: 
(i) 
die Zentralbank für die 
Währung, auf die sich die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz 
bezieht, 
oder eine Zentralbank 
oder 
andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für 
die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
der 
Benchmark 
bzw. 
des 
(i) 
the central bank for the 
currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other 
regulatory 
supervisor 
which is responsible for 
supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Bildschirmsatzes 
zuständig ist; oder 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(ii) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder 
jeden Ausschuss, die oder 
der 
von 
(A) 
der 
Zentralbank 
für 
die 
Währung auf die sich die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz 
bezieht, 
(B) 
einer 
Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für 
die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
der 
Benchmark 
bzw. 
des 
Bildschirmsatzes 
zuständig ist, (C) einer 
Gruppe 
der 
zuvor 
genannten Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderer 
Aufsichtsbehörden oder 
(D) 
dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financial 
Stability 
Board) oder Teilen davon 
gefördert, geführt oder 
mitgeführt wird oder auf 
deren Verlangen gebildet 
wird. 
(ii) 
any working group or 
committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the 
request of (A) the central 
bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, (B) any central 
bank or other supervisory 
authority 
which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable), (C) a 
group 
of 
the 
aforementioned 
central 
banks 
or 
other 
supervisory authorities or 
(D) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Nachfolger 
oder Ersatz des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, der formell 
durch 
ein 
Maßgebliches 
Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wurde. 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" 
means 
a 
successor 
to 
or 
replacement of the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
which 
is 
formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
"Neuer Benchmarksatz" be-
zeichnet den jeweils gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(4) 
bestimmten 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz bzw. 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
"New Benchmark Rate" means 
the Successor Benchmark Rate 
or, as the case may be, the 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
determined in accordance with 
this § 3(4). 
"Unabhängiger 
Berater" 
bezeichnet 
ein 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
ernanntes 
unabhängiges Finanzinstitut mit 
internationalem Ansehen oder 
einen anderen von der Emittentin 
ernannten 
unabhängigen 
Finanzberater mit Erfahrung in 
den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten. 
"Independent Adviser" means 
an 
independent 
financial 
institution of international repute 
or other independent financial 
adviser 
experienced 
in 
the 
international 
debt 
capital 
markets, in each case appointed 
by the Issuer. 
(g) 
Stichtag.
(g) 
Effective Date. 
Der Stichtag für die Anwendung 
des Neuen Benchmarksatzes, der 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
der 
etwaigen 
Benchmark-
Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(4) (der "Stichtag") ist der 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, der auf den 
frühesten der folgenden Tage 
fällt oder diesem nachfolgt: 
The effective date for the 
application 
of 
the 
New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) determined 
under this § 3(4) (the "Effective 
Date") will be the Interest 
Determination Date falling on or 
after the earliest of the following 
dates: 
(i) 
den Tag, an dem die 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
eingestellt wird, den Tag 
an dem der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
(i) 
if the Benchmark Event 
has occurred as a result of 
clauses (i)(x), (ii) or (iii) 
of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", 
the date of cessation of 
publication 
of 
the

--- Page 114 ---
114 
eingestellt wird bzw. den 
Tag, 
ab 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
nicht 
mehr 
repräsentativ 
ist 
oder sein wird, wenn das 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund 
der 
Ziffern 
(i)(x), (ii) bzw. (iii) der 
Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate, the date of the 
discontinuation of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
or the date as from which 
the Original Benchmark 
Rate is, or will no longer 
be, representative, as the 
case may be; or 
(ii) 
den Tag, ab dem der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
nicht 
mehr verwendet werden 
darf, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund 
der 
Ziffern (i)(y) oder (iv) der 
Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
(ii) 
if the Benchmark Event 
has occurred as a result of 
clauses (i)(y) or (iv) of the 
definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the 
date from which the 
prohibition applies; or 
(iii) 
den Tag des Eintritts des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, 
wenn das Benchmark-
Ereignis 
aufgrund 
der 
Ziffern (v) oder (vi) der 
Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist. 
(iii) 
if the Benchmark Event 
has occurred as a result of 
clauses (v) or (vi) of the 
definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the 
date of the occurrence of 
the Benchmark Event. 
(h) 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis 
in Bezug auf einen Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
eintritt, 
gilt 
dieser § 3(4) entsprechend für 
die 
Ersetzung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes durch einen 
neuen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. In diesem Falle 
gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesem 
§ 3 
auf 
den 
Begriff 
"Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz" 
als 
Bezugnahme auf den zuletzt 
verwendeten 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz. 
(h) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to any New Benchmark 
Rate, this § 3(4) shall apply 
mutatis 
mutandis 
to 
the 
replacement 
of 
such 
New 
Benchmark Rate by any new 
Successor Benchmark Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, as 
the case may be. In this case, any 
reference in this § 3 to the term 
"Original Benchmark Rate" shall 
be deemed to be a reference to 
the New Benchmark Rate that 
last applied. 
(i) 
In diesem § 3 schließt jede 
Bezugnahme auf den Begriff 
"Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz" gegebenenfalls 
auch eine Bezugnahme auf eine 
etwaige 
Teilkomponente 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes ein, wenn in 
Bezug auf diese Teilkomponente 
ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist. 
(i) 
Any reference in this § 3 to the 
term "Original Benchmark Rate" 
shall be deemed to include a 
reference to any component part 
thereof, if any, in respect of 
which a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. 
(5) 
Variabler Zinsbetrag.
(5) 
Floating Interest Amount. 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird an oder 
unverzüglich 
nach 
jedem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag den auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen 
zur 
Zahlung 
vorgesehenen 
variablen 
Zinsbetrag 
bezogen auf die festgelegte Stückelung 
(der "Variable Zinsbetrag") für die 
entsprechende Variable Zinsperiode 
berechnen. Der Variable Zinsbetrag 
wird ermittelt, indem der Variable 
Zinssatz 
und 
der 
Variable 
Zinstagequotient 
(wie 
nachstehend 
The Calculation Agent will, on or 
without undue delay (unverzüglich) 
after each Interest Determination Date, 
calculate the amount of floating rate 
interest 
(the 
"Floating 
Interest 
Amount") scheduled to be paid on the 
Notes in respect of the Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Floating 
Interest Period. Each Floating Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by applying 
the Floating Rate of Interest and the 
Floating Day Count Fraction (as defined

--- Page 115 ---
115 
definiert) auf die festgelegte Stückelung 
angewendet 
werden, 
wobei 
der 
resultierende Betrag auf den nächsten 
EUR 0,01 auf- oder abgerundet wird, 
wobei EUR 0,005 aufgerundet werden. 
below) to the Specified Denomination 
and rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest EUR 0.01, EUR 0.005 being 
rounded upwards. 
"Variabler 
Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Berechnung des Variablen Zinsbetrages 
für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der 
"Variable
Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraum") die tatsächliche Anzahl der 
Tage in dem betreffenden Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch 360 (Actual/360). 
"Floating Day Count Fraction" means, 
in respect of the calculation of the 
Floating Interest Amount for any period 
of 
time 
(the 
"Floating 
Rate 
Calculation 
Period"), 
the 
actual 
number of days in the relevant Floating 
Rate Calculation Period divided by 360 
(Actual/360). 
(6) 
Mitteilungen.
(6) 
Notifications. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
veranlassen, dass der Variable Zinssatz, 
der Variable Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige 
Variable Zinsperiode, die jeweilige 
Variable 
Zinsperiode 
und 
der 
betreffende Variable Zinszahlungstag 
der Emittentin, den Anleihegläubigern 
durch Mitteilung gemäß § 13 und jeder 
Börse, an der die Schuldverschrei-
bungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin notiert sind 
und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die 
Börse verlangen, unverzüglich, aber 
keinesfalls später als am ersten Tag der 
jeweiligen 
Variablen 
Zinsperiode 
mitgeteilt werden. Im Falle einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der 
Variablen Zinsperiode können der 
mitgeteilte Variable Zinsbetrag und 
Variable 
Zinszahlungstag 
ohne 
Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst 
(oder 
andere 
geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen 
getroffen) 
werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird 
unverzüglich 
allen 
maßgeblichen 
Börsen, an denen die Schuldverschrei-
bungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin notiert 
sind, sowie den Anleihegläubigern 
gemäß § 13 mitgeteilt. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the 
Floating Rate of Interest, each Floating 
Interest Amount for each Floating 
Interest Period, each Floating Interest 
Period and the relevant Floating Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer, to the Noteholders by notice in 
accordance with § 13 and, if required by 
the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are from time to time 
listed at the initiative of the Issuer, to 
such stock exchange, without undue 
delay (unverzüglich), but in no event 
later than the first day of the relevant 
Floating Interest Period. Each Floating 
Interest Amount and Floating Interest 
Payment 
Date 
so 
notified 
may 
subsequently 
be 
amended 
(or 
appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Floating Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will be 
notified to any relevant stock exchange 
on which the Notes are then listed at the 
initiative of the Issuer and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 13 
without undue delay (unverzüglich). 
(7) 
Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. 
(7) 
Determinations binding. 
Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke 
dieses 
§ 3 
gemacht, 
abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind 
(sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum 
vorliegt) für die Emittentin, den Fiscal 
Agent, 
die 
Zahlstellen 
und 
die 
Anleihegläubiger bindend. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations 
and 
decisions 
given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by 
the Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders. 
(8) 
Ende des Zinslaufs. 
(8) 
Cessation of Interest Accrual.
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet an dem 
Ende 
des 
Tages, 
der 
dem 
Tag 
vorausgeht, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung 
fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht zurückzahlt, ist die festgelegte 
Stückelung jeder Schuldverschreibung 
ab 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Fälligkeit 
(einschließlich) bis zu dem Tag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) 
The Notes shall cease to bear interest 
from the end of the day preceding the 
date on which they fall due (fällig) for 
redemption. If the Issuer fails to redeem 
the Notes when due (fällig), each Note 
will bear interest on its Specified 
Denomination from and including the 
due date to but excluding the day of

--- Page 116 ---
116 
in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten 
Zinssatzes 
für 
Verzugszinsen 
zu 
verzinsen.24
actual redemption of the Notes at the 
statutory default rate of interest.25
§ 4 
AUFSCHUB VON ZINSZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
DEFERRAL OF INTEREST PAYMENTS 
(1) 
Aufschub von Zinszahlungen. 
(1) 
Deferral of interest payments. 
Bei Aufschub 
der 
Zinszahlung 
nach Wahl der 
Emittentin ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(a) 
Zinsen, 
die 
während 
einer 
Zinsperiode auflaufen, die an 
einem 
Obligatorischen 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
endet, 
werden 
vorbehaltlich 
§ 4(1)(c) 
an 
diesem 
Obligatorischen Zinszahlungstag 
fällig. 
[(a) 
Interest which accrues during an 
Interest Period ending on but 
excluding a Compulsory Interest 
Payment Date will be due and 
payable 
(fällig) 
on 
such 
Compulsory Interest Payment 
Date, subject to § 4(1)(c). 
In the case of 
optional 
interest 
deferral, the 
following 
applies 
Dabei 
bezeichnet 
"Obligatorischer 
Zinszahlungstag" jeden 
Zinszahlungstag, 
in 
Bezug auf den während 
der sechs Monate vor 
einem 
solchen 
Zinszahlungstag 
ein 
Dividendenereignis (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
eingetreten ist. 
Where 
"Compulsory 
Interest Payment Date" 
means 
any 
Interest 
Payment Date in respect 
of which any Dividend 
Payment 
Event 
(as 
defined below) occurred 
during the six months 
before 
such 
Interest 
Payment Date. 
(b) 
Zinsen, 
die 
während 
einer 
Zinsperiode auflaufen, die an 
einem 
Fakultativen 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
endet, 
werden 
vorbehaltlich 
§ 4(1)(c) an diesem Fakultativen 
Zinszahlungstag fällig, es sei 
denn, die Emittentin entscheidet 
sich 
dazu, 
die 
betreffende 
Zinszahlung (insgesamt oder 
teilweise) aufzuschieben. 
(b) 
Interest which accrues during an 
Interest Period ending on but 
excluding an Optional Interest 
Payment Date will be due and 
payable (fällig) on that Optional 
Interest Payment Date, subject to 
§ 4(1)(c), unless the Issuer elects 
to defer the relevant payment of 
interest (in whole or in part). 
Wenn sich die Emittentin an 
einem 
Fakultativen 
Zinszahlungstag 
für 
den 
Aufschub aufgelaufener Zinsen 
oder nur für eine teilweise 
Zahlung 
der 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen entscheidet, dann ist sie 
nicht 
verpflichtet, 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Fakultativen 
Zinszahlungstag 
aufgelaufene 
Zinsen zu zahlen bzw. ist sie nur 
verpflichtet, 
den 
Teil 
der 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zu leisten, 
für dessen Zahlung sie sich 
entscheidet.  
If the Issuer elects to defer, or to 
only 
partially 
pay, 
accrued 
interest on an Optional Interest 
Payment Date, then it will not 
have any obligation to pay 
accrued interest or will only be 
obliged to pay such part of the 
accrued interest it elects to pay, 
respectively, on such Optional 
Interest Payment Date.  
Eine solche Nichtzahlung oder 
teilweise Zahlung aufgelaufener 
Zinsen begründet keinen Verzug 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
keine 
anderweitige Verletzung ihrer 
Verpflichtungen aufgrund der 
Schuldverschreibungen oder für 
sonstige Zwecke. 
Any such non-payment or partial 
payment of accrued interest will 
not constitute a default of the 
Issuer or any other breach of its 
obligations under the Notes or 
for any other purpose. 
Wenn die Emittentin von dem 
Recht, Zinsen aufzuschieben, 
Gebrauch macht, wird sich die 
Emittentin 
bemühen, 
dies 
If the Issuer exercises the right to 
defer interest, it shall endeavour 
to 
give 
notice 
thereof 
in 
accordance with § 13 no later 
24 
Am Tag der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB für das Jahr fünf 
Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz. 
25 
As of the date of issue of the Notes the default rate of interest for the year established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published 
by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).

--- Page 117 ---
117 
spätestens an dem betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
gemäß 
§ 13 
mitzuteilen. Ein Unterlassen der 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger berührt nicht 
die Wirksamkeit des Aufschubs 
der Zinszahlung und stellt in 
keinem Fall einen Verzug der 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
anderweitige Verletzung ihrer 
Verpflichtungen aufgrund der 
Schuldverschreibungen oder für 
sonstige Zwecke dar. Eine bis zu 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag nicht erfolgte 
Mitteilung 
ist 
unverzüglich 
nachzuholen. 
than on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. Any failure to 
give notice to the Noteholders 
shall not affect the validity of the 
deferral of interest and shall not 
constitute a default of the Issuer 
or any other breach of its 
obligations under the Notes or 
for any other purpose. A notice 
which has not been given by the 
relevant Interest Payment Date 
shall be given without undue 
delay (unverzüglich) thereafter. 
Dabei 
bezeichnet 
"Fakultativer 
Zinszahlungstag" jeden 
Zinszahlungstag, der kein 
Obligatorischer 
Zinszahlungstag ist.]
Where 
"Optional 
Interest Payment Date" 
means 
each 
Interest 
Payment Date that is not a 
Compulsory 
Interest 
Payment Date.]
[(c)] 
Wenn in Bezug auf einen 
Zinszahlungstag 
ein 
Pflicht-
aufschubereignis eingetreten ist, 
werden Zinsen, die während 
eines Zeitraumes aufgelaufen 
sind, der an dem betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
endet, an diesem Zinszahlungs-
tag nicht fällig. 
[(c)] 
If a Compulsory Deferral Event 
has occurred with respect to any 
Interest Payment Date, interest 
which accrued during the period 
ending on but excluding such 
Interest Payment Date will not be 
due and payable (fällig) on that 
Interest Payment Date. 
Eine solche Nichtzahlung von 
Zinsen begründet keinen Verzug 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
keine 
anderweitige Verletzung ihrer 
Verpflichtungen aufgrund der 
Schuldverschreibungen oder für 
sonstige Zwecke. 
Any 
such 
non-payment 
of 
interest will not constitute a 
default of the Issuer or any other 
breach of its obligations under 
the Notes or for any other 
purpose. 
Wenn in Bezug auf einen 
Zinszahlungstag ein Pflichtauf-
schubereignis eingetreten ist, 
wird 
sich 
die 
Emittentin 
bemühen, 
dies 
den 
Anleihegläubigern spätestens an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
gemäß 
§ 13 
mitzuteilen. Ein Unterlassen der 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger berührt nicht 
die Wirksamkeit des Aufschubs 
der Zinszahlung und stellt in 
keinem Fall einen Verzug der 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
anderweitige Verletzung ihrer 
Verpflichtungen aufgrund der 
Schuldverschreibungen oder für 
sonstige Zwecke dar. Eine bis zu 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag nicht erfolgte 
Mitteilung 
ist 
unverzüglich 
nachzuholen. 
If a Compulsory Deferral Event 
has occurred with respect to an 
Interest Payment Date, the Issuer 
shall endeavour to give notice 
thereof to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 13 no later 
than on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. Any failure to 
give notice to the Noteholders 
shall not affect the validity of the 
deferral of interest and shall not 
constitute a default of the Issuer 
or any other breach of its 
obligations under the Notes or 
for any other purpose. A notice 
which has not been given by the 
relevant Interest Payment Date 
shall be given without undue 
delay (unverzüglich) thereafter. 
[(d)] Nach Maßgabe dieses § 4(1) 
nicht 
fällig 
gewordene 
aufgelaufene Zinsen für eine 
Zinsperiode sind Zinsrückstände 
(die "Zinsrückstände"). 
[(d)] Interest accrued in respect of an 
Interest Period which is not due 
and payable in accordance with 
this § 4(1) will constitute arrears 
of 
interest 
("Arrears 
of 
Interest"). 
Zinsrückstände 
werden 
nicht 
verzinst. 
Arrears of Interest will not bear 
interest.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
[(e)] 
In diesen Anleihebedingungen 
gilt Folgendes: 
[(e)] 
For the purposes of these Terms 
and Conditions: 
"Anwendbare Aufsichtsrecht-
liche Vorschriften" bezeichnet 
die 
jeweils 
geltenden 
Vorschriften 
des 
Versicherungsaufsichtsrechts 
(einschließlich der Solvency II 
Richtlinie und der Delegierten 
Verordnung) 
und 
darauf 
bezogene 
Regelungen 
und 
Verordnungen 
(einschließlich 
der 
Verwaltungspraxis 
und 
sonstiger 
Beschlüsse 
oder 
Entscheidungen der Zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert), 
einschlägiger 
Gerichtsentscheidungen 
und 
etwaiger 
Übergangsbestimmungen), 
die 
in dem betreffenden Zeitpunkt 
hinsichtlich der Solvabilität der 
Emittentin 
auf 
individueller 
Ebene 
und 
der 
Gruppen-
Solvabilität der Gruppe der 
Muttergesellschaft (wenn und 
soweit dieser im Hinblick auf die 
Gruppensolvabilität 
beaufsichtigt wird) anwendbar 
sind. Dies erfasst auch die 
Regelungen und Verordnungen 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Gruppensolvabilität sowie der 
Kapitaladäquanz 
von 
international 
aktiven 
Versicherungsgruppen (IAIG). 
"Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations" 
means 
the 
applicable 
provisions 
of 
insurance 
supervisory 
laws 
(including 
the 
Solvency 
II 
Directive and the Delegated 
Regulation) and any rules and 
regulations 
thereunder 
(including 
the 
administrative 
practice and any other actions or 
decisions of the Competent 
Supervisory 
Authority 
(as 
defined below), any applicable 
decision of a court and any 
transitional provisions) which 
are applicable, at the relevant 
time, to the solvency of the Issuer 
on an individual basis, and the 
group solvency of the Parent's 
Group (if and to the extent it is 
subject to supervision for group 
solvency 
purposes). 
These 
include the rules and regulations 
with 
respect 
to 
the group 
solvency and capital adequacy of 
internationally active insurance 
groups (IAIG). 
"Delegierte 
Verordnung" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Delegierte 
Verordnung (EU) 2015/35 der 
Kommission 
in 
der jeweils 
geltenden 
Fassung; 
soweit 
Bestimmungen der Delegierten 
Verordnung 
geändert 
oder 
ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der 
Verweis auf Bestimmungen der 
Delegierten 
Verordnung 
in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
die geänderten Bestimmungen 
bzw. die Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"Delegated Regulation" means 
the 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35, 
as 
amended; if provisions of the 
Delegated 
Regulation 
are 
amended 
or 
replaced, 
the 
reference to the provisions of the 
Delegated Regulation as used in 
these Terms and Conditions shall 
refer to such amended provisions 
or successor provisions from 
time to time. 
"Dividendenereignis" bezeich-
net 
jedes 
der 
folgenden 
Ereignisse: 
"Dividend 
Payment 
Event" 
means any of the following 
events: 
(i) 
auf 
der 
ordentlichen 
Hauptversammlung 
der 
Emittentin 
wird 
eine 
Dividende, 
sonstige 
Ausschüttung 
oder 
Zahlung 
auf 
eine 
beliebige Gattung von 
Aktien der Emittentin 
wirksam 
beschlossen; 
oder 
(i) 
the 
ordinary 
general 
meeting of shareholders 
(ordentliche 
Hauptversammlung) 
of 
the Issuer validly resolves 
on any dividend, other 
distribution or payment in 
respect of any class of 
shares of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
die Emittentin leistet eine 
Abschlagszahlung 
auf 
den Bilanzgewinn. 
(ii) 
any payment on account 
of the balance sheet profit 
is made by the Issuer. 
"Gruppe 
der 
Muttergesell-
schaft" bezeichnet die aus der 
Muttergesellschaft 
der 
Emittentin und jeder von ihr nach 
"Parent's Group" means the 
insurance group comprising the 
ultimate parent company of the 
Issuer 
and 
any 
company

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Maßgabe 
der 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften für Zwecke der 
Gruppensolvabilität 
konsolidierten 
Gesellschaft 
bestehende 
Versicherungsgruppe. 
consolidated by the ultimate 
parent 
company 
under 
the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations for group solvency 
purposes. 
"Gruppen-MCR" 
bezeichnet 
(i) die nach der Solvency-II-
Richtlinie für die Gruppe der 
Muttergesellschaft 
geltende 
konsolidierte 
Mindestsol-
venzkapitalanforderung 
(un-
abhängig 
von 
der 
in 
der 
Solvency-II-Richtlinie 
gewählten Bezeichnung) oder 
(ii) (wenn 
anwendbar) 
eine 
künftig für die Gruppe der 
Muttergesellschaft 
geltende 
Kapitalanforderung, welche die 
Kapitalanforderung 
nach 
Ziffer (i) gemäß der Solvency-II-
Richtlinie funktional für die 
relevanten Zwecke ersetzt. 
"Group MCR" means (i) the 
minimum consolidated group 
solvency 
capital 
requirement 
(regardless of the terminology 
used 
by 
the 
Solvency 
II 
Directive) applicable to the 
Parent's Group pursuant to the 
Solvency II Directive, or (ii) (as 
and when applicable) a capital 
requirement as applicable to the 
Parent's Group in the future, 
which functionally replaces the 
capital requirement referred to in 
clause (i) 
pursuant 
to 
the 
Solvency II Directive for the 
relevant purposes at that time. 
"Gruppen-SCR" bezeichnet die 
nach der Solvency-II-Richtlinie 
für die Gruppe der Mutter-
gesellschaft geltende Gruppen-
solvenzkapitalanforderung (un-
abhängig 
von 
der 
in 
der 
Solvency-II-Richtlinie 
gewählten Bezeichnung). 
"Group SCR" means the group 
solvency 
capital 
requirement 
applicable to the Parent's Group 
pursuant to the Solvency II 
Directive (regardless of the 
terminology 
used 
by 
the 
Solvency II Directive). 
Ein "Pflichtaufschubereignis" 
ist in Bezug auf einen Tag, an 
dem eine Zahlung von Zinsen 
und/oder Zinsrückständen auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen vorgesehen 
ist, eingetreten, wenn 
A 
"Compulsory 
Deferral 
Event" will have occurred with 
respect to a date on which any 
payment 
of 
interest 
and/or 
Arrears of Interest on the Notes 
is scheduled to be paid under 
these Terms and Conditions if 
(i) 
entweder ein an oder vor 
diesem Tag eingetretenes 
Insolvenzereignis 
an 
diesem Tag fortbesteht 
oder 
die 
betreffende 
Zahlung 
ein 
Insolvenzereignis 
auslösen 
oder 
dessen 
drohenden 
Eintritt 
beschleunigen 
würde; 
oder 
(i) 
either 
an 
Insolvency 
Event that has occurred 
on or prior to such date is 
continuing on such date 
or the relevant payment 
were to result in, or 
accelerate the imminent 
occurrence 
of, 
an 
Insolvency Event; or 
(ii) 
an 
diesem 
Tag 
eine 
Anordnung 
der 
Zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde in Kraft 
ist, die der Emittentin 
untersagt, Zahlungen auf 
die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen zu leisten, oder 
ein anderes gesetzliches 
oder 
behördliches 
Zahlungsverbot in Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
besteht; oder 
(ii) 
there is in effect on such 
date an order of the 
Competent 
Supervisory 
Authority prohibiting the 
Issuer 
from 
making 
payments 
under 
the 
Notes, or there is in effect 
on such date any other 
payment prohibition in 
respect of the Notes, 
whether by statute or by 
order of any authority; or 
(iii) 
entweder ein an oder vor 
diesem Tag eingetretenes 
Solvenzkapitalereignis an 
dem betreffenden Tag 
fortbesteht 
oder 
die 
betreffende Zahlung ein 
(iii) 
either a Solvency Capital 
Event that has occurred 
on or prior to such date is 
continuing on such date 
or the relevant payment 
were to result in, or

--- Page 120 ---
120 
Solvenzkapitalereignis 
auslösen 
oder 
dessen 
Eintritt 
beschleunigen 
würde, es sei denn, die 
nach den Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
geltenden 
Bedingungen 
für 
eine 
ausnahmsweise 
Zulassung der Zahlung 
der betreffenden Zinsen 
und/oder Zinsrückstände 
sind 
an 
diesem 
Tag 
erfüllt.  
accelerate the occurrence 
of, a Solvency Capital 
Event, 
unless 
the 
conditions 
under 
the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations 
for 
the 
exceptional permission of 
the 
payment 
of 
the 
relevant interest and/or 
Arrears of Interest are 
satisfied on the relevant 
date.  
Am Tag der Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen setzt dies voraus, 
dass 
On the date of issue of the 
Notes this requires that 
(A) 
die 
Zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
in Kenntnis des 
Eintritts 
eines 
noch fortbestehen-
den 
Solvenzka-
pitalereignisses 
ihre 
vorherige 
Zustimmung 
zu 
der Zahlung der 
betreffenden 
Zinsen 
und/oder 
der 
Zinsrückstände 
auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen 
erteilt und bis zu 
diesem Tag nicht 
widerrufen 
hat; 
und 
(A) 
the 
Competent 
Supervisory 
Authority, 
being 
aware 
of 
the 
occurrence of a 
Solvency Capital 
Event 
that 
is 
continuing, 
has 
given, 
and 
not 
withdrawn 
by 
such date, its prior 
consent 
to 
the 
payment of the 
relevant 
interest 
and/or Arrears of 
Interest 
on 
the 
Notes; and 
(B) 
die 
Solvabilität 
der 
Emittentin 
und/oder 
der 
Gruppe 
der 
Muttergesellschaft 
durch die Zahlung 
der 
betreffenden 
Zinsen 
und/oder 
Zinsrückstände 
auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen 
nicht 
weiter 
geschwächt wird; 
und 
(B) 
the 
solvency 
position 
of 
the 
Issuer and/or the 
Parent's Group is 
not 
further 
weakened by the 
payment of such 
interest 
and/or 
Arrears of Interest 
on the Notes; and 
(C) 
die 
anwendbare 
Solo-MCR 
und 
die 
anwendbare 
Gruppen-MCR 
nach 
der 
betreffenden 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
und/oder 
Zinsrückständen 
auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen 
eingehalten 
werden. 
(C) 
the 
applicable 
Solo MCR and the 
applicable 
Group MCR 
are 
complied 
with 
after the relevant 
payment 
of 
interest 
and/or 
Arrears of Interest 
on the Notes. 
"Solo-MCR" 
bezeichnet 
die 
nach der Solvency-II-Richtlinie 
für 
die 
Emittentin 
auf 
individueller 
Ebene 
geltende 
Mindestkapitalanforderung 
(unabhängig von der in der 
"Solo 
MCR" 
means 
the 
minimum capital requirement 
applicable to the Issuer on an 
individual basis pursuant to the 
Solvency II Directive (regardless

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Solvency-II-Richtlinie 
gewählten Bezeichnung). 
of the terminology used by the 
Solvency II Directive). 
"Solo-SCR" bezeichnet die nach 
der Solvency-II-Richtlinie für 
die Emittentin auf individueller 
Ebene geltende Solvenzkapital-
anforderung (unabhängig von 
der in der Solvency-II-Richtlinie 
gewählten Bezeichnung). 
"Solo SCR" means the solvency 
capital requirement applicable to 
the Issuer on an individual basis 
pursuant to the Solvency II 
Directive (regardless of the 
terminology 
used 
by 
the 
Solvency II Directive). 
"Solvency-II-Richtlinie" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Richtlinie 
2009/138/EG des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 
25. November 2009, die dazu 
erlassenen weiteren Rechtsakte 
der 
Europäischen 
Union, 
einschließlich der Delegierten 
Verordnung, und die darauf 
bezogenen 
anwendbaren 
Umsetzungsgesetze 
und 
-
maßnahmen, jeweils in der 
jeweils geltenden Fassung. 
"Solvency II Directive" means 
Directive 2009/138/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the 
Council of 25 November 2009, 
the further legislative acts of the 
European Union enacted in 
relation thereto including the 
Delegated Regulation, and the 
applicable 
legislation 
and 
measures 
implementing 
the 
same, in each case as amended. 
Ein "Solvenzkapitalereignis" ist 
eingetreten, wenn: 
A "Solvency Capital Event" 
will have occurred if: 
(i) 
der 
Betrag 
der 
Eigenmittel (unabhängig 
von 
der 
in 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
gewählten 
Bezeichnung) 
der 
Emittentin 
nicht 
ausreicht, 
um 
die 
anwendbare 
Solo-SCR 
oder 
die 
anwendbare 
Solo-MCR der Emittentin 
zu bedecken; und/oder 
(i) 
the amount of own funds 
(Eigenmittel) (regardless 
of the terminology used 
by 
the 
Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations) 
of the Issuer is not 
sufficient to cover the 
applicable Solo SCR or 
the applicable Solo MCR 
of the Issuer; and/or 
(ii) 
der Betrag der Eigenmit-
tel (unabhängig von der in 
den Anwendbaren Auf-
sichtsrechtlichen 
Vor-
schriften 
gewählten 
Bezeichnung) der Gruppe 
der 
Muttergesellschaft 
nicht ausreicht, um die 
anwendbare 
Gruppen-
SCR oder die anwendbare 
Gruppen-MCR 
zu 
bedecken. 
(ii) 
the amount of own funds 
(Eigenmittel) (regardless 
of the terminology used 
by 
the 
Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations) 
of the Parent's Group is 
not sufficient to cover the 
applicable Group SCR or 
the 
applicable 
Group 
MCR. 
"Zuständige 
Aufsichts-
behörde" ist die Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht 
bzw. jede Behörde, die ihr 
Funktionsnachfolger 
mit 
primärer 
Zuständigkeit 
als 
Versicherungsaufsichtsbehörde 
für die Emittentin und/oder die 
Gruppe der Muttergesellschaft 
wird. 
"Competent 
Supervisory 
Authority" means the Federal 
Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanz-
dienstleistungsaufsicht) or any 
authority which becomes its 
successor in such capacity with 
primary 
responsibility 
as 
insurance regulator competent 
for the Issuer and/or the Parent's 
Group. 
(2) 
Nachzahlung von Zinsrückständen. 
(2) 
Payment of Arrears of Interest. 
(a) 
Freiwillige Nachzahlung von 
Zinsrückständen. 
(a) 
Optional payment of Arrears of 
Interest. 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
ausstehende 
Zinsrückstände 
jederzeit 
(insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise) nachzuzahlen, wenn 
The Issuer is entitled to pay 
outstanding Arrears of Interest 
(in whole or in part) at any time 
if no Compulsory Deferral Event 
has occurred and is continuing.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
kein 
Pflichtaufschubereignis 
eingetreten ist und fortbesteht. 
Wenn sich die Emittentin dazu 
entscheidet, 
ausstehende 
Zinsrückstände (insgesamt oder 
teilweise) nachzuzahlen, hat sie 
dies 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
gemäß § 13 unter Einhaltung 
einer Frist von nicht weniger als 
fünf Geschäftstagen mitzuteilen, 
wobei eine solche Mitteilung 
(i) den 
Betrag 
an 
Zinsrückständen, 
der 
gezahlt 
werden soll, und (ii) den für 
diese Zahlung festgelegten Tag 
(der 
"Freiwillige 
Nachzahlungstag") 
benennen 
muss, und ist die Emittentin 
vorbehaltlich 
§ 4(2)(c) 
verpflichtet, diesen Betrag an 
Zinsrückständen am Freiwilligen 
Nachzahlungstag zu zahlen. 
If the Issuer elects to pay 
outstanding Arrears of Interest 
(in whole or in part), it will give 
not less than five Business Days' 
notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 13, which 
notice will specify (i) the amount 
of Arrears of Interest to be paid 
and (ii) the date fixed for such 
payment 
(the 
"Optional 
Settlement Date"), and the 
Issuer, subject to § 4(2)(c), will 
be obliged to pay such amount of 
Arrears of Interest on the 
Optional Settlement Date. 
(b) 
Pflicht zur Nachzahlung von 
Zinsrückständen. 
(b) 
Compulsory payment of Arrears 
of Interest. 
Die Emittentin ist verpflichtet, 
sämtliche 
ausstehenden 
Zinsrückstände 
am 
nächsten 
Pflichtnachzahlungstag 
nachzuzahlen. 
The Issuer must pay outstanding 
Arrears of Interest (in whole but 
not in part) on 
the next 
Compulsory Settlement Date. 
"Pflichtnachzahlungstag" 
be-
zeichnet 
den 
früheren 
der 
folgenden Tage: 
"Compulsory Settlement Date" 
means 
the 
earlier 
of 
the 
following dates: 
(i) 
für Zinsrückstände, die 
vor dem Eintritt eines 
Dividendenereignisses 
entstanden 
sind, 
den 
ersten auf den Eintritt des 
Dividendenereignisses 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag, an dem 
kein 
Pflicht-
aufschubereignis 
eingetreten 
ist 
und 
fortbesteht; 
(i) 
in respect of any Arrears 
of Interest that existed 
prior to the occurrence of 
a 
Dividend 
Payment 
Event, the first Interest 
Payment Date following 
the occurrence of the 
Dividend Payment Event 
on which no Compulsory 
Deferral 
Event 
has 
occurred 
and 
is 
continuing; 
(ii) 
den Tag, an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 5 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
fällig 
werden; und 
(ii) 
the date on which the 
Notes 
fall 
due 
for 
redemption in accordance 
with § 5; and 
(iii) 
den Tag, an dem eine 
Verfügung zur Auflö-
sung, Abwicklung oder 
Liquidation der Emitten-
tin ergeht (sofern dies 
nicht für die Zwecke oder 
als 
Folge 
eines 
Zusammenschlusses, 
einer 
Umstrukturierung 
oder Sanierung geschieht, 
bei dem bzw. bei der die 
Emittentin 
noch 
zahlungsfähig ist und bei 
dem bzw. bei der die 
fortführende Gesellschaft 
im 
Wesentlichen 
alle 
Vermögenswerte 
und 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin übernimmt). 
(iii) 
the date on which an order 
is made for the winding 
up, 
dissolution 
or 
liquidation of the Issuer 
(other 
than 
for 
the 
purposes of or pursuant to 
an 
amalgamation, 
reorganisation 
or 
restructuring in which the 
Issuer is still solvent, and 
in which the continuing 
entity 
assumes 
substantially all of the 
assets and obligations of 
the Issuer).

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Wenn ein Pflichtnachzahlungs-
tag 
eintritt, 
wird 
sich 
die 
Emittentin bemühen, dies unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von nicht 
weniger als fünf Geschäftstagen 
vorab gemäß § 13 mitzuteilen, 
wobei eine solche Mitteilung 
(i) den 
zur 
Zahlung 
vorgesehenen 
Betrag 
an 
Zinsrückständen und (ii) den Tag 
benennen muss, an dem diese 
Zahlung vorgesehen ist. Auch 
nach einer solchen Mitteilung 
werden die Zinsrückstände nur 
unter 
dem 
Vorbehalt 
des 
§ 4(2)(c) fällig. Ein Unterlassen 
der 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger berührt nicht 
den 
Eintritt 
des 
Pflichtnachzahlungstags 
und 
stellt in keinem Falle eine 
Pflichtverletzung dar. Eine bis zu 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag nicht erfolgte 
Mitteilung 
ist 
unverzüglich 
nachzuholen. 
If a Compulsory Settlement Date 
occurs, 
the 
Issuer 
shall 
endeavour to give no less than 
five Business Days' prior notice 
thereof in accordance with § 13, 
provided that such notice shall 
specify (i) the amount of Arrears 
of Interest scheduled to be paid 
and (ii) the date on which the 
payment is scheduled to be paid. 
Even after such notice has been 
given the Arrears of Interest will 
be due and payable (fällig) only 
subject to § 4(2)(c). Any failure 
to give notice to the Noteholders 
shall not affect the occurrence of 
the Compulsory Settlement Date 
and shall not constitute a default 
for any purpose. A notice which 
has not been given by the 
relevant Interest Payment Date 
shall be given without undue 
delay (unverzüglich) thereafter. 
(c) 
Wenn an dem Tag, an dem eine 
freiwillige Nachzahlung oder 
Pflichtnachzahlung 
von 
Zinsrückständen 
vorgesehen 
war, ein Pflichtaufschubereignis 
eingetreten ist und fortbesteht, 
werden diese Zinsrückstände an 
dem betreffenden Tag nicht 
fällig, 
sondern 
bleiben 
ausstehend 
und 
werden 
weiterhin 
als 
Zinsrückstände 
behandelt. 
(c) 
If on the date on which the 
optional 
settlement 
or 
compulsory 
settlement 
of 
Arrears of Interest was scheduled 
to be made a Compulsory 
Deferral Event has occurred and 
is continuing, such Arrears of 
Interest will not become due and 
payable (fällig) on such date but 
will remain outstanding and will 
continue to be treated as Arrears 
of Interest. 
Diese Zinsrückstande werden 
erst 
dann 
fällig, 
(i) 
wenn 
entweder die Voraussetzungen 
des § 4(2)(a) für eine freiwillige 
Nachzahlung erneut erfüllt sind 
(dies 
setzt 
eine 
neue 
Entscheidung und Mitteilung der 
Emittentin voraus) oder (ii) wenn 
erneut 
ein 
Pflichtnachzahlungstag 
gemäß 
§ 4(2)(b) eintritt. 
Such Arrears of Interest will 
become due only if (i) the 
requirements in accordance with 
§ 4(2)(a) 
for 
the 
optional 
settlement are satisfied again 
(which requires a new election 
and notice by the Issuer), or (ii) 
if a Compulsory Settlement Date 
in accordance with § 4(2)(b) 
occurs again. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
sich 
bemühen, die Fortsetzung des 
Zinsaufschubs spätestens an dem 
Tag, an dem eine freiwillige 
Nachzahlung 
oder 
Pflichtnachzahlung 
von 
Zinsrückständen 
vorgesehen 
war, gemäß § 13 mitzuteilen. Ein 
Unterlassen der Mitteilung an die 
Anleihegläubiger berührt nicht 
die Wirksamkeit der Fortsetzung 
des Zinsaufschubs und stellt in 
keinem 
Falle 
eine 
Pflichtverletzung dar. Eine bis 
zum betreffenden Tag nicht 
erfolgte 
Mitteilung 
ist 
unverzüglich nachzuholen. 
The Issuer shall endeavour to 
give notice of the continuation of 
the 
deferral 
of 
interest 
in 
accordance with § 13 no later 
than on the date on which the 
optional 
settlement 
or 
compulsory 
settlement 
of 
Arrears of Interest was scheduled 
to be made. Any failure to give 
notice to the Noteholders shall 
not affect the validity of the 
continuation of the deferral of 
interest and shall not constitute a 
default for any purpose. A notice 
which has not been given by the 
relevant date shall be given 
without 
undue 
delay 
(unverzüglich) thereafter. 
Eine Nichtzahlung aus diesem 
Grunde 
begründet 
keinen 
Verzug der Emittentin und keine 
anderweitige Verletzung ihrer 
Verpflichtungen aufgrund der 
Any such non-payment will not 
constitute a default of the Issuer 
or any other breach of its 
obligations under the Notes or 
for any other purpose.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
Schuldverschreibungen oder für 
sonstige Zwecke. 
§ 5 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 5 
PAYMENTS 
(1) 
Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
(1) 
Payment of Principal and Interest. 
Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zinsen in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
nachstehenden § 5(2) an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift 
auf 
den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
Payment of principal and interest in 
respect of Notes shall be made, subject 
to § 5(2) below, to the Clearing System 
or to its order for credit to the accounts 
of the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System. 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuld-
verschreibungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, erfolgt erst nach ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1(3)(b). 
Payment 
of 
interest 
on 
Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global 
Note shall be made only upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b). 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. 
(2) 
Manner of Payment. 
Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher 
und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften 
und 
(ii) 
eines 
Einbehalts oder Abzugs, der aufgrund 
eines Vertrags wie in Abschnitt 1471(b) 
des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 
1986 (der "Code") beschrieben bzw. 
anderweitig gemäß den Abschnitten 
1471 bis 1474 des Code, aufgrund 
darunter getroffener Verordnungen oder 
Vereinbarungen, etwaiger offizieller 
Auslegungen davon, oder aufgrund von 
Gesetzen, die ein zwischenstaatliches 
Abkommen dazu umsetzen, erhoben 
wird, erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten Währung. 
Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and other 
laws and regulations and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or 
any 
law 
implementing 
an 
intergovernmental approach thereto, 
payments of amounts due in respect of 
the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
(3) 
Erfüllung. 
(3) 
Discharge. 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearing System oder an 
dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht 
befreit. 
The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System. 
(4) 
Zahltag. 
(4) 
Payment date. 
Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf 
einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag ist, 
dann hat der Anleihegläubiger keinen 
Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten 
Tag, der ein Geschäftstag ist. Der 
Anleihegläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, 
weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Verspätung 
zu 
verlangen. 
If the date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Note is not a Business 
Day, then the Noteholder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next day 
that is a Business Day and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem (x) das Clearing System und 
(y) alle betroffenen Bereiche des Real-
time Gross Settlement System des 
Eurosystems 
oder 
dessen 
Nachfolgesystem (T2) geöffnet sind, 
um Zahlungen abzuwickeln. 
"Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which both 
(x) the Clearing System and (y) all 
relevant parts of the real-time gross 
settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem or any successor system 
(T2) are open to settle payments. 
(5) 
Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
(5) 
References to Principal and Interest. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge ein: die festgelegte Stückelung; 
References 
in 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions to principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: the Specified Denomination; 
the Redemption Amount (as defined in

--- Page 125 ---
125 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 6(6) 
definiert); sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie 
sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit 
anwendbar, 
sämtliche 
gemäß 
§ 7 
zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
einschließen. 
§ 6(6)) and any premium and any other 
amounts which may be payable under or 
in respect of the Notes. References in 
these Terms and Conditions to interest 
in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts which may be payable under 
§ 7. 
§ 6 
RÜCKZAHLUNG UND RÜCKKAUF 
§ 6 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(1) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
(1) 
Final Redemption. 
Soweit 
nicht 
zuvor 
bereits 
zurückgezahlt oder zurückgekauft und 
entwertet, werden die Schuldverschrei-
bungen am Endfälligkeitstag zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 6(6) 
definiert) zurückgezahlt. 
To the extent not previously redeemed 
or repurchased and cancelled, each Note 
will be redeemed at its Redemption 
Amount (as defined in § 6(6)) on the 
Final Maturity Date. 
"Endfälligkeitstag" bezeichnet, 
"Final Maturity Date" means, 
(a) 
wenn an dem Vorgesehenen 
Endfälligkeitstag 
die 
Rückgewährbedingungen erfüllt 
sind, 
den 
Vorgesehenen 
Endfälligkeitstag; 
(a) 
if on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date 
the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption (as defined below) 
are satisfied, the Scheduled 
Maturity Date; 
(b) 
andernfalls den ersten Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
nach 
dem 
Vorgesehenen Endfälligkeitstag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Rückgewährbedingungen erfüllt 
sind. 
(b) 
otherwise the first Floating 
Interest Payment Date following 
the Scheduled Maturity Date on 
which 
the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption are satisfied. 
"Vorgesehener Endfälligkeitstag" ist 
der Variable Zinszahlungstag, der auf 
oder 
um 
den 
[vorgesehenen 
Endfälligkeitstag einfügen] fällt. 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means the 
Floating Interest Payment Date falling 
on or around [insert Scheduled Maturity 
Date]. 
(2) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
(2) 
Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer. 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise) 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückgewährbedingungen gemäß § 6(4) 
und 
vorbehaltlich 
§ 6(5) 
unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von nicht weniger 
als 15 Tagen durch Erklärung gemäß 
§ 6(5) 
mit 
Wirkung 
zu 
jedem 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) kündigen und zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zurückzahlen.
The Issuer may, subject to fulfilment of 
the Conditions to Redemption in 
accordance with § 6(4) and subject to 
§ 6(5), call and redeem (all but not some 
only of) the outstanding Notes upon 
giving not less than 15 days' prior notice 
of redemption in accordance with § 6(5) 
with effect 
as of 
any 
Optional 
Redemption Date (as defined below) at 
their Redemption Amount. 
"Optionaler Rückzahlungstag" be-
zeichnet 
"Optional Redemption Date" means 
Wenn ein sog. 
Par Call in 
einem 
bestimmten 
Zeitraum vor 
dem Ersten 
Zinsanpassung
stag 
anwendbar ist, 
einfügen 
[[(a) 
jeden 
Geschäftstag 
in 
dem 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
[●]26
(einschließlich) bis zum Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(ausschließlich);]
[[(a) 
each Business Day during the 
period from and including [●]27
to but excluding the First Reset 
Date;]
If par call 
during a 
certain period 
prior to the 
First Reset 
Date applies, 
insert 
26 
Datum einfügen, welches keinesfalls vor dem fünften Jahrestag des Tags der Begebung liegen darf. 
27 
Insert date that must in no event be earlier than the fifth anniversary of the issue date.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
[(b)] den Ersten Zinsanpassungstag; 
und 
[(b)] the First Reset Date; and 
[(c)] 
jeden 
auf 
den 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
folgenden 
Variablen Zinszahlungstag. 
[(c)] 
each Floating Interest Payment 
Date following the First Reset 
Date. 
[andere 
anwendbare 
Optionale 
Rückzahlungstage einfügen]]
[insert 
other 
applicable 
Optional 
Redemption Date(s)]]
(3) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Eintritt 
eines 
Steuerereignisses, 
eines 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Ereignisses, eines 
Rechnungslegungsereignisses, 
eines 
Ratingagenturereignisses oder wegen 
eines 
geringen 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags. 
(3) 
Early Redemption following a Tax 
Event, 
a 
Regulatory 
Event, 
an 
Accounting Event, a Rating Agency 
Event or for a minimal outstanding 
principal amount.
(a) 
Bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
Steuer-
ereignisses, 
eines 
Aufsichts-
rechtlichen Ereignisses, eines 
Rechnungslegungsereignisses 
oder 
eines 
Ratingagentur-
ereignisses, 
oder 
wenn 
zu 
irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
ausstehenden Schuldverschrei-
bungen auf 20 % oder weniger 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
zuvor 
ausgegeben 
wurden 
(einschließlich Schuldverschrei-
bungen, 
die 
gemäß 
§ 12 
zusätzlich begeben worden sind), 
fällt, kann die Emittentin die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(ins-
gesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise) 
vorbehaltlich der Erfüllung der 
Rückgewährbedingungen gemäß 
§ 6(4) und vorbehaltlich § 6(5), 
jederzeit unter Einhaltung einer 
Frist von nicht weniger als 15 
Tagen mit Wirkung zu dem in 
der Kündigungserklärung für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag 
(der ein Geschäftstag sein muss) 
kündigen und zu ihrem Rück-
zahlungsbetrag 
zurückzahlen 
(jedes dieser Kündigungsrechte 
ein 
"Außerordentliches 
Kündigungsrecht"). 
(a) 
Upon the occurrence of a Tax 
Event, a Regulatory Event, an 
Accounting Event or a Rating 
Agency Event, or if at any time 
the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes outstanding is equal 
to or less than 20 % of the 
aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes previously issued 
(including 
any 
Notes 
additionally issued in accordance 
with § 12), the Issuer may, 
subject to the fulfilment of the 
Conditions to Redemption in 
accordance with § 6(4) and 
subject to § 6(5), call and redeem 
the Notes (in whole but not in 
part) at any time upon not less 
than 15 days' prior notice with 
effect as of the date fixed for 
redemption specified in the 
notice (which must be a Business 
Day) 
at 
their 
Redemption 
Amount (each of such call rights, 
an 
"Extraordinary 
Call 
Right"). 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
jedoch 
berechtigt, jederzeit nach freiem 
Ermessen 
auf 
jedes 
der 
Außerordentlichen Kündigungs-
rechte 
für 
einen 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
zu 
bestimmenden 
(befristeten oder unbefristeten) 
Zeitraum 
(jeder 
solcher 
Zeitraum, 
ein 
"Nichtanwen-
dungszeitraum") 
durch 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger gemäß § 13 zu 
verzichten. 
Jede 
solche 
Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich 
und 
hat 
den/die 
Nichtanwendungszeitraum/-
räume zu benennen, in denen die 
Emittentin 
über 
das/die 
betreffende(n) 
Außerordent-
liche(n) 
Kündigungsrecht(e) 
nicht verfügen wird. 
The Issuer may waive, however, 
at any time and in its sole 
discretion, 
any 
of 
the 
Extraordinary Call Rights for a 
(definite or indefinite) period of 
time to be determined by the 
Issuer (each such period, an 
"Inapplicability Period") by 
giving notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with § 13. Any 
notice 
so 
given 
will 
be 
irrevocable and shall specify the 
Inapplicability Period(s) during 
which the Issuer shall cease to 
have 
the 
respective 
Extraordinary Call Right(s). 
Im Falle eines Steuerereignisses, 
welches zu der Verpflichtung zur 
Zahlung zusätzlicher Beträge 
In the case of a Tax Event that 
results in or would result in the 
obligation to pay any Additional

--- Page 127 ---
127 
(wie in § 8(1) definiert) führt 
oder führen würde, darf eine 
Kündigungserklärung 
nicht 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem 
frühesten Tag erfolgen, an dem 
die 
Emittentin 
erstmals 
verpflichtet wäre, Zusätzliche 
Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuld-
verschreibungen 
dann 
fällig 
wäre. 
Amounts (as defined in § 8(1)), 
no notice of redemption shall be 
given earlier than 90 days prior 
to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be for the first time 
obliged to pay any Additional 
Amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due. 
Im Falle eines Steuerereignisses, 
welches 
zum 
Entfall 
der 
Abzugsfähigkeit 
des 
Zinsaufwands führt oder führen 
würde, 
darf 
eine 
Kündigungserklärung 
nicht 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem Tag 
erfolgen, 
an 
dem 
die 
Abzugsfähigkeit 
des 
Zinsaufwands entfallen würde. 
In the case of a Tax Event that 
results in or would result in the 
deductibility of the interest 
expense falling away, no notice 
of redemption may be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the 
date on which the deductibility of 
the interest expense would fall 
away. 
(b) 
Ein "Steuerereignis" tritt ein, 
wenn 
sich 
aufgrund 
einer 
Änderung, 
Ergänzung 
oder 
Klarstellung 
von 
Gesetzen, 
Verordnungen oder sonstigen 
Vorschriften, 
oder 
aufgrund 
einer Änderung, Ergänzung oder 
Klarstellung der Auslegung oder 
Anwendung, oder aufgrund einer 
erstmaligen 
Auslegung 
oder 
Anwendung 
dieser 
Gesetze, 
Verordnungen oder sonstigen 
Vorschriften 
durch 
eine 
gesetzgebende Körperschaft, ein 
Gericht 
oder 
eine 
Behörde 
(einschließlich des Erlasses von 
Gesetzen 
sowie 
der 
Bekanntmachung 
von 
Entscheidungen eines Gerichts 
oder 
einer 
Behörde), 
die 
steuerliche 
Behandlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ändert 
(insbesondere, 
jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich, im Hinblick auf 
die steuerliche Abzugsfähigkeit 
des Zinsaufwands in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen oder 
die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung 
von zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie 
in § 8(1) definiert)), wenn diese 
Änderung, 
Ergänzung 
oder 
Klarstellung an oder nach dem 
Tag der Begebung der letzten 
Tranche der Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
in 
Kraft 
tritt 
(einschließlich des Falles, dass 
die betreffende Änderung oder 
Klarstellung 
rückwirkend 
Anwendung findet), und diese 
Änderung für die Emittentin 
nach 
eigener, 
begründeter 
Auffassung 
der 
Emittentin 
wesentlich nachteilig ist, was die 
Emittentin nicht abwenden kann, 
indem sie Maßnahmen ergreift, 
die sie nach Treu und Glauben 
für zumutbar und angemessen 
hält. 
(b) 
A "Tax Event" will occur if, as a 
result of any change in, or 
amendment, 
supplement 
or 
clarification 
to, 
the 
laws, 
regulations or other rules, or as a 
result of any change in, or 
amendment, 
supplement 
or 
clarification to, the interpretation 
or application, or as a result of 
any interpretation or application 
made for the first time, of any 
such laws, regulations or other 
rules by any legislative body, 
court or authority (including the 
enactment of any legislation and 
the publication of any decision of 
any court or authority), which 
change, amendment, supplement 
or 
clarification 
becomes 
effective on or after the date of 
issue of the last tranche of the 
Notes (including in case any such 
change, 
amendment 
or 
clarification 
has 
retroactive 
effect), the tax treatment of the 
Notes changes (including but not 
limited to the tax deductibility of 
the interest expense related to the 
Notes or the obligation to pay 
Additional Amounts (as defined 
in § 8(1))), which change, in the 
Issuer's own reasonable opinion, 
has a material adverse effect for 
the Issuer that it cannot avoid by 
taking such measures it (acting in 
good faith) deems reasonable 
and appropriate. 
(c) 
Ein 
"Aufsichtsrechtliches 
Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn sich die 
aufsichtsrechtliche 
Einstufung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(c) 
A "Regulatory Event" occurs if 
there is a change in the 
regulatory classification of the 
Notes that would be likely to

--- Page 128 ---
128 
ändert, und diese Änderung 
wahrscheinlich 
zu 
einem 
vollständigen oder teilweisen 
Ausschluss der Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
aus 
den 
Tier 2-
Eigenmittelbestandteilen 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
der 
Emittentin und/oder der Gruppe 
der Muttergesellschaft (d.h. auf 
individueller 
und/oder 
konsolidierter Basis) im Sinne 
der 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften führen würde. 
result in an exclusion of the 
Notes in full or in part from the 
Tier 2 Own-Fund Items (as 
defined below) of the Issuer 
and/or the Parent's Group (i.e., 
on 
an 
individual 
and/or 
consolidated basis) under the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations. 
Dies schließt insbesondere den 
Fall ein, dass die Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften hinsichtlich eigener 
Regeln für international tätige 
Versicherungsgruppen 
(IAIG) 
ergänzt oder geändert werden 
und, 
in 
der 
Folge 
dieser 
Ergänzung und/oder Änderung, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
wahrscheinlich 
nicht 
(mehr) 
vollständig 
als 
Eigenmittelbestandteile 
im 
Tier 2 oder Ergänzungskapital 
("additional capital")
(jeweils 
unabhängig von der in den so 
geänderten 
oder 
erweiterten 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
gewählten 
Bezeichnung) der 
Emittentin 
oder 
der 
Gruppe 
der 
Muttergesellschaft gemäß diesen 
Regeln 
angerechnet 
würden 
(einschließlich 
nach 
Ablauf 
etwaiger 
Übergangsbestimmungen). 
This 
includes 
(without 
limitation) an event where the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations are supplemented or 
amended in relation to provisions 
specifically 
governing 
internationally active insurance 
groups 
(IAIG), 
and 
where, 
following 
such 
supplement 
and/or amendment, the Notes 
would likely not or no longer be 
recognised in full in the own-
fund items in tier 2 or "additional 
capital" (in each case regardless 
of the terminology used by the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations so amended or 
supplemented) of the Issuer or 
the Parent's Group pursuant to 
such provisions, including after 
the expiration of transitional 
rules, if any. 
Für 
die 
Feststellung 
des 
Vorliegens 
eines 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Ereignisses 
genügt 
insbesondere 
eine 
entsprechende Mitteilung der 
Zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
an die Emittentin. 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
the 
determination of the occurrence 
of a Regulatory Event, it suffices 
in particular if the Competent 
Supervisory Authority has made 
a communication to that effect to 
the Issuer. 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Ein 
Überschreiten der nach Maßgabe 
der 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften jeweils geltenden 
Anrechnungsobergrenzen 
begründen 
kein 
Aufsichtsrechtliches Ereignis. 
For the avoidance of doubt, 
exceeding 
the 
applicable 
quantitative limits in accordance 
with the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations does not constitute a 
Regulatory Event. 
(d) 
Ein 
"Rechnungslegungs-
Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn der 
Emittentin 
eine 
Bestätigung 
einer 
anerkannten 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
vorliegt (und die Emittentin der 
Emissionsstelle 
eine 
Kopie 
davon 
überlässt), 
aus 
der 
hervorgeht, dass die Emittentin 
aufgrund einer an oder nach dem 
Tag der Begebung der Schuld-
verschreibungen 
eingetretenen 
Änderung 
der 
Anwendbaren 
Rechnungslegungsvorschriften 
(einschließlich des Falles einer 
rückwirkenden Änderung der 
(d) 
An "Accounting Event" occurs 
if a confirmation of a recognised 
auditing firm has been delivered 
to the Issuer (and the Issuer has 
provided the Fiscal Agent with a 
copy thereof) stating that, as a 
result of any change in or 
amendment to the Applicable 
Accounting Standards (including 
in case any such change or 
amendment to the Applicable 
Accounting Standards or their 
interpretation 
has 
retroactive 
effect), 
which 
change 
or 
amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date of issue of the

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Anwendbaren 
Rechnungslegungsvorschriften 
oder 
ihrer 
Auslegung) 
die 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen in dem 
nach Maßgabe der Anwendbaren 
Rechnungslegungsvorschriften 
aufgestellten 
Konzernjahresabschluss 
der 
Emittentin nicht oder nicht mehr 
als Verbindlichkeiten in der 
Bilanz ausweisen darf und die 
Emittentin dies nicht abwenden 
kann, indem sie Maßnahmen 
ergreift, die sie nach Treu und 
Glauben für angemessen hält. 
Notes, must not or must no 
longer record the obligations 
under the Notes as liabilities on 
the balance sheet in the Issuer's 
annual consolidated financial 
statements 
prepared 
in 
accordance with the Applicable 
Accounting Standards and this 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking such measures it (acting in 
good faith) deems appropriate. 
Dabei 
bezeichnet 
"Anwendbare 
Rechnungslegungsvorsc
hriften" die International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Standards (IFRS), wie sie 
zu 
den 
jeweiligen 
Bilanzstichtagen und für 
die 
jeweiligen 
Rechnungslegungsperiod
en anwendbar sind, oder 
andere von der Emittentin 
anzuwendende allgemein 
anerkannte 
Rechnungslegungsgrund-
sätze, die diese in Zukunft 
ersetzen. 
Where 
"Applicable 
Accounting Standards" 
means the International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
(IFRS), 
as 
applicable at the relevant 
accounting dates and for 
the relevant accounting 
periods, 
or 
other 
accounting 
principles 
generally accepted and to 
be applied by the Issuer 
which 
subsequently 
supersede them. 
(e) 
Ein 
"Ratingagenturereignis" 
tritt ein, wenn sich infolge einer 
an 
oder 
nach 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
eingetretenen Änderung oder 
Klarstellung 
der 
Rating-
Methodologie 
(oder 
deren 
Auslegung) die Behandlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen für die 
Bemessung der Kapitalisierung 
oder 
Verschuldung 
der 
Emittentin oder der Gruppe der 
Muttergesellschaft S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited oder 
eine ihrer Nachfolgerinnen (in 
jedem Falle unter Einschluss 
verbundener 
Unternehmen), 
nach 
eigener, 
begründeter 
Auffassung 
der 
Emittentin 
erheblich verschlechtert. 
(e) 
A "Rating Agency Event" 
occurs if, as a consequence of a 
change or clarification of the 
rating 
methodology 
(or the 
interpretation thereof) on or after 
the 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date, the treatment of the Notes 
with regards to measuring the 
capitalisation or the leverage of 
the Issuer or the Parent's Group 
by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited or any of its successors 
(in each case including any 
affiliates) is, in the reasonable 
opinion of the Issuer, materially 
adversely affected. 
(4) 
Rückgewährbedingungen. 
(4) 
Conditions to Redemption. 
"Rückgewährbedingungen" 
be-
zeichnet die an einem Tag in Bezug auf 
eine vorgesehene Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
oder 
einen 
geplanten Rückkauf (wie in § 6(8)(a) 
definiert) 
nach 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften für 
die 
Anerkennung 
von 
Nachranginstrumenten 
als 
Tier 2-
Instrumente der Emittentin und der 
Gruppe 
der 
Muttergesellschaft 
zu 
erfüllenden Voraussetzungen, und zwar 
unabhängig davon, ob die Schuld-
verschreibungen zu dem betreffenden 
Zeitpunkt als Tier 2-Instrumente der 
Emittentin und/oder der Gruppe der 
Muttergesellschaft qualifizieren oder 
nicht.  
"Conditions to Redemption" means 
the conditions that must be satisfied on 
any day with respect to a scheduled 
redemption of the Notes or a planned 
Repurchase (as defined in § 6(8)(a)) in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations in order for 
subordinated debt instruments to qualify 
as Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer and 
the Parent's Group, regardless of 
whether the Notes qualify as Tier 2 
Instruments of the Issuer and/or the 
Parent's Group at the relevant time.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
Am Tag der Begebung der Schuld-
verschreibungen setzt dies voraus, dass: 
On the date of issue of the Notes this 
requires that: 
(a) 
kein an diesem Tag noch 
fortbestehendes 
Insolvenzereignis eingetreten ist 
und 
die 
Zahlung 
des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages oder der 
Rückkauf 
nicht 
zu 
einem 
Insolvenzereignis führen oder 
dessen 
drohenden 
Eintritt 
beschleunigen 
würde 
(wobei 
jedoch 
ungeachtet 
des 
Vorstehenden die Forderungen 
der Anleihegläubiger aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen in einem 
Insolvenz- 
oder 
Liquidationsverfahren 
im 
Hinblick auf die Emittentin nach 
Maßgabe 
der 
Anwendbaren 
Insolvenzrechtlichen 
Vorschriften fällig werden); und 
(a) 
no 
Insolvency 
Event 
has 
occurred and is continuing on 
such date and that the payment of 
the Redemption Amount or the 
Repurchase would not result in, 
or accelerate, the imminent 
occurrence of an Insolvency 
Event 
(notwithstanding 
the 
above, 
the 
claims 
of 
the 
Noteholders under the Notes in 
any insolvency or liquidation 
proceedings in relation to the 
Issuer will fall due in accordance 
with the Applicable Insolvency 
Regulations); and 
(b) 
kein an diesem Tag noch 
fortbestehendes 
Relevantes 
Konzerntochter-
Insolvenzereignis eingetreten ist, 
es sei denn, die Zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
hat 
in 
Kenntnis des Eintritts eines noch 
fortbestehenden 
Relevanten 
Konzerntochter-
Insolvenzereignisses 
keine 
Bedenken 
gegen 
die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. den 
Rückkauf geäußert; und 
(b) 
no 
Relevant 
Consolidated 
Subsidiary Insolvency Event has 
occurred and is continuing on 
such date, unless the Competent 
Supervisory Authority, being 
aware of the occurrence of a 
Relevant 
Consolidated 
Subsidiary Insolvency Event that 
is continuing, has not objected to 
the redemption of the Notes or 
the Repurchase; and 
(c) 
kein an diesem Tag noch 
fortbestehendes Solvenzkapital-
ereignis eingetreten ist und die 
Zahlung 
des 
Rückzahlungs-
betrages oder der Rückkauf nicht 
zu einem Solvenzkapitalereignis 
führen würde, es sei denn, die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibungen bzw. der Rückkauf 
ist auch in einem solchen Falle 
ausnahmsweise nach Maßgabe 
der Anwendbaren Aufsichts-
rechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
zu-
lässig; diese Ausnahme setzt 
voraus, dass: 
(c) 
no Solvency Capital Event has 
occurred and is continuing on 
such date and the payment of the 
Redemption Amount or the 
Repurchase would not result in a 
Solvency Capital Event, unless 
the redemption of the Notes or 
the Repurchase is exceptionally 
permitted in such a case under 
the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations; such exceptional 
permission requires that: 
(i) 
die 
Zuständige 
Auf-
sichtsbehörde in Kenntnis 
des Eintritts eines noch 
fortbestehenden Solvenz-
kapitalereignisses 
ihre 
vorherige 
Zustimmung 
gemäß dem nachstehen-
den Buchstaben (d) erteilt 
und bis zu diesem Tag 
nicht widerrufen hat; und 
(i) 
the 
Competent 
Supervisory 
Authority, 
being 
aware 
of 
the 
occurrence of a Solvency 
Capital Event that is 
continuing, has given, 
and not withdrawn by 
such 
date, 
its 
prior 
consent 
according 
to 
clause (d) below; and 
(ii) 
das 
für 
die 
Schuld-
verschreibungen 
ein-
gezahlte Kapital durch 
die 
Einzahlung 
von 
Tier 1-Basiseigenmittel-
bestandteilen ersetzt oder 
in solche Bestandteile 
umgewandelt wird, oder 
durch die Einzahlung an-
derer, zumindest gleich-
wertiger Tier 2-Basisei-
genmittelbestandteile er-
(ii) 
the capital paid-in for the 
Notes is replaced by or 
converted into paid-in 
Tier 1 basic own-fund 
items, or is replaced by or 
converted into other paid-
in Tier 2 basic own-fund 
items of at least the same 
quality; and

--- Page 131 ---
131 
setzt oder in solche Be-
standteile 
umgewandelt 
wird; und 
(iii) 
die anwendbare 
Solo-
MCR 
und 
die 
anwendbare 
Gruppen-
MCR auch nach der 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
dem 
Rückkauf 
eingehalten werden; 
(iii) 
the applicable Solo MCR 
and 
the 
applicable 
Group MCR are satisfied 
also after the redemption 
of the Notes or the 
Repurchase; 
und 
and 
(d) 
die Zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde 
ihre nach den Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
erforderliche 
vorherige 
Zustimmung 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. zu 
dem Rückkauf erteilt und bis zu 
diesem Tag nicht widerrufen hat; 
und 
(d) 
the 
Competent 
Supervisory 
Authority has given, and not 
withdrawn by such day, its prior 
consent to the redemption of the 
Notes or to the Repurchase as 
required under the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations; and 
(e) 
im Falle einer Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
oder 
eines Rückkaufs vor dem [●]28
(vorbehaltlich § 6(4)(e)(i) und 
(ii)) das für die Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
eingezahlte 
Kapital 
jeweils 
mit 
der 
vorherigen 
Zustimmung der Zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
entweder 
durch die Einzahlung von Tier 1-
Basiseigenmittelbestandteilen 
ersetzt 
oder 
in 
solche 
Bestandteile umgewandelt wird, 
oder 
durch 
die 
Einzahlung 
anderer, 
zumindest 
gleich-
wertiger 
Tier 2-Basiseigen-
mittelbestandteile ersetzt oder in 
solche 
Bestandteile 
umge-
wandelt wird, wobei 
(e) 
in the case of any redemption of 
the Notes or any Repurchase 
prior 
to 
[●]29 
(subject 
to 
§ 6(4)(e)(i) and (ii)) the capital 
paid-in for the Notes is replaced 
by or converted into paid-in 
Tier 1 basic own-fund items, or 
is replaced by or converted into 
other paid-in Tier 2 basic own-
fund items of at least the same 
quality, in each case with the 
prior consent of the Competent 
Supervisory Authority, provided 
that 
(i) 
im 
Falle 
einer 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
Eintritt 
eines 
Steuerereignisses 
keine 
Pflicht zur Ersetzung oder 
Umwandlung 
gemäß 
§ 6(4)(e) besteht, wenn 
(i) 
in 
the 
case 
of 
any 
redemption of the Notes 
following the occurrence 
of a Tax Event, no 
replacement 
or 
conversion 
requirement 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 6(4)(e) applies if 
(A) 
eine Angemessene 
Überdeckung 
vorliegt; und 
(A) 
an 
Appropriate 
Margin exists; and 
(B) 
die Emittentin der 
Zuständigen Auf-
sichtsbehörde ge-
genüber 
hinrei-
chend nachweist, 
dass das Steuer-
ereignis 
wesent-
lich ist und am Tag 
der Begebung der 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen nach ver-
nünftigem Ermes-
sen nicht vorher-
zusehen war; und 
(B) 
the Issuer demon-
strates to the satis-
faction 
of 
the 
Competent Super-
visory 
Authority 
that the Tax Event 
is material and 
was not reasonab-
ly foreseeable on 
the date of issue of 
the Notes; and 
28 
Fünften Jahrestag des Tags der Begebung einfügen. 
29 
Insert fifth anniversary of the issue date.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
(ii) 
im Falle einer Rück-
zahlung 
der 
Schuld-
verschreibungen 
nach 
Eintritt eines Aufsichts-
rechtlichen 
Ereignisses 
keine 
Pflicht 
zur 
Ersetzung 
oder 
Umwandlung 
gemäß 
§ 6(4)(e) besteht, wenn 
(ii) 
in 
the 
case 
of 
any 
redemption of the Notes 
following the occurrence 
of a Regulatory Event, no 
replacement 
or 
conversion 
requirement 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 6(4)(e) applies if 
(A) 
eine Angemessene 
Überdeckung vor-
liegt; und 
(A) 
an 
Appropriate 
Margin exists; and 
(B) 
die 
Zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
es für ausreichend 
sicher hält, dass 
die für das Auf-
sichtsrechtliche 
Ereignis relevante 
Änderung stattfin-
det 
oder 
statt-
finden wird, und 
die Emittentin der 
Zuständigen Auf-
sichtsbehörde ge-
genüber 
hinrei-
chend nachweist, 
dass die betref-
fende 
aufsichts-
rechtliche 
Neu-
einstufung 
oder 
der 
betreffende 
Ausschluss 
der 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen aus den 
Tier 2-Eigen-
mittelbestand-
teilen der Emitten-
tin und/oder der 
Gruppe 
der 
Muttergesellschaft 
am 
Tag 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen nach ver-
nünftigem Ermes-
sen nicht vorher-
zusehen war. 
(B) 
the 
Competent 
Supervisory 
Authority 
considers it to be 
sufficiently certain 
that the change 
relevant for the 
Regulatory Event 
occurs 
or 
will 
occur, 
and 
the 
Issuer 
demonstrates 
to 
the satisfaction of 
the 
Competent 
Supervisory 
Authority that the 
relevant 
regulatory 
reclassification or 
the 
relevant 
exclusion of the 
Notes from the 
Tier 2 Own-Fund 
Items of the Issuer 
and/or the Parent's 
Group was not 
reasonably 
foreseeable on the 
date of issue of the 
Notes. 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
Eine "Angemessene Überdeckung" 
liegt vor, wenn (x) die anwendbare 
Solo-SCR der Emittentin und (y) die 
anwendbare Gruppen-SCR der Gruppe 
der 
Muttergesellschaft 
unter 
Berücksichtigung der Solvabilität der 
Emittentin 
bzw. 
der 
Gruppe 
der 
Muttergesellschaft, einschließlich ihres 
jeweiligen 
mittelfristigen 
Kapitalmanagementplans, auch nach 
der 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zuzüglich einer 
angemessenen 
Sicherheitsmarge 
bedeckt sind. 
An "Appropriate Margin" exists if 
(x) the applicable Solo SCR of the 
Issuer and (y) the applicable Group SCR 
of the Parent's Group, after the 
redemption of the Notes, is exceeded by 
an appropriate margin, taking into 
account the solvency position of the 
Issuer and the Parent's Group, including 
their respective medium-term capital 
management plan. 
"Relevantes 
Konzerntochter-
Insolvenzereignis" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Einleitung 
eines 
Insolvenz- 
oder 
Liquidationsverfahrens 
über 
ein 
Tochterunternehmen (§ 290 Absatz 1 
Handelsgesetzbuch 
("HGB")) 
der 
Muttergesellschaft der Emittentin mit 
Sitz 
in 
einem 
Mitgliedstaat 
des 
Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums, das 
"Relevant Consolidated Subsidiary 
Insolvency 
Event" 
means 
the 
commencement 
of 
insolvency 
or 
liquidation proceedings with respect to a 
subsidiary (§ 290 paragraph 1 German 
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch 
– "HGB")) of the Issuer that has its seat 
in a member state of the European 
Economic Area and which is either an

--- Page 133 ---
133 
entweder 
ein 
Versicherungsunternehmen oder ein 
Rückversicherungsunternehmen 
oder 
eine Einrichtung der betrieblichen 
Altersversorgung (jeweils wie in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen definiert) ist, wenn 
und 
solange 
die 
Emittentin 
in 
Abstimmung 
mit 
der 
Zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde feststellt, dass die 
Vermögenswerte 
des 
betreffenden 
Tochterunternehmens (möglicherweise) 
nicht ausreichen werden, um sämtliche 
Versicherungs- 
und 
Rückversicherungsverpflichtungen 
bzw. 
Altersversorgungsleistungen 
dieses Tochterunternehmens gegenüber 
den Versicherungsnehmern und den 
Anspruchsberechtigten 
unter 
den 
Versicherungs- 
oder 
Rückversicherungsverträgen bzw. den 
Altersversorgungssystemen 
des 
Tochterunternehmens zu befriedigen. 
Insurance Undertaking or a Reinsurance 
Undertaking or an Institution for 
Occupational 
Retirement 
Provision 
(each as defined in these Terms and 
Conditions), if and as long as the Issuer 
determines, in conjunction with the 
Competent Supervisory Authority, that 
the assets of that subsidiary may or will 
be insufficient to meet all insurance and 
reinsurance and occupational pension 
obligations of such subsidiary towards 
policy holders and beneficiaries of 
insurance and reinsurance contracts or 
occupational pension schemes of the 
subsidiary. 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"Einrichtung der betrieblichen 
Altersversorgung" 
hat 
die 
diesem Begriff in der Richtlinie 
(EU) 
2016/2341 
des 
Europäischen Parlaments und 
des Rates vom 14. Dezember 
2016 in der jeweils geltenden 
Fassung 
zugewiesene 
Bedeutung. 
"Institution for Occupational 
Retirement Provision" has the 
meaning given to this term in 
Directive (EU) 2016/2341 of the 
European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 December 2016, 
as amended. 
"Rückversicherungsunterneh
men" hat die diesem Begriff in 
der 
Solvency-II-Richtlinie 
zugewiesene Bedeutung. 
"Reinsurance 
Undertaking" 
has the meaning given to this 
term in the Solvency II Directive. 
"Versicherungsunternehmen" 
hat die diesem Begriff in der 
Solvency-II-Richtlinie 
zugewiesene Bedeutung. 
"Insurance Undertaking" has 
the meaning given to this term in 
the Solvency II Directive. 
"Tier 2-Eigenmittelbestandteile" 
bezeichnet 
Tier 2-Basiseigenmittel-
bestandteile im Sinne von Artikel 72 
Delegierte Verordnung einschließlich 
solcher Instrumente, die Tier 2-Basis-
eigenmittelbestandteilen 
durch 
Übergangsbestimmungen gleichgestellt 
werden. 
"Tier 2 Own-Fund Items" means tier 2 
basic own-fund items according to 
Article 72 of the Delegated Regulation, 
including instruments that are treated as 
Tier 2 
basic 
own-fund 
items 
by 
application of transitional provisions. 
"Tier 2-Instrumente" 
bezeichnet 
Tier 2-Basiseigenmittelbestandteile im 
Sinne von Artikel 72(a)(iii), (a)(iv) und 
(b) der Delegierten Verordnung unter 
Ausschluss solcher Instrumente, die 
Tier 2-Basiseigenmittelbestandteilen 
durch 
Übergangsbestimmungen 
gleichgestellt werden. 
"Tier 2 Instruments" means Tier 2 
basic own-fund items according to 
Article 72(a)(iii), (a)(iv) and (b) of the 
Delegated Regulation, excluding such 
instruments that are treated as Tier 2 
basic own-fund items by application of 
transitional provisions. 
(5) 
Form 
der 
Kündigungsmitteilung; 
Unwirksamkeit 
der 
Kündigungs-
mitteilung. 
(5) 
Form of the Redemption Notice; 
Invalidity of the Redemption Notice. 
Eine Kündigung nach § 6(2) oder (3) hat 
durch 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
gemäß 
§ 13 
zu 
erfolgen 
("Kündigungsmitteilung"). 
Die 
Kündigungsmitteilung 
ist 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückgewährbedingungen 
unwiderruflich, muss den für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag und muss 
im 
Falle 
einer 
Kündigung 
und 
Any notice of redemption in accordance 
with § 6(2) or (3) shall be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 13 
("Redemption Notice"). Subject to the 
fulfilment 
of 
the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption, the Redemption Notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption and, in case of 
a call and redemption in accordance

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Rückzahlung nach § 6(3) den Grund für 
diese Kündigung und Rückzahlung 
nennen. 
with § 6(3), the reason for such call and 
redemption. 
Sofern die Rückgewährbedingungen an 
dem in der Kündigungsmitteilung für 
die Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag 
erfüllt 
sind, 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, die Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
diesem 
Tag 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückzuzahlen. 
If the Conditions to Redemption are 
satisfied 
on 
the 
date 
fixed 
for 
redemption in the Redemption Notice, 
the Issuer shall redeem the Notes at their 
Redemption Amount on such date. 
Falls die Rückgewährbedingungen an 
dem in der Kündigungsmitteilung für 
die Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag nicht 
erfüllt 
sind, 
wird 
die 
Kündigungsmitteilung als unwirksam 
behandelt 
und 
die 
betreffende 
Rückzahlung darf nicht erfolgen; die 
Emittentin wird sich bemühen, dies 
spätestens an dem für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Tag 
gemäß 
§ 13 
mitzuteilen. 
If the Conditions to Redemption are not 
satisfied 
on 
the 
date 
fixed 
for 
redemption in the Redemption Notice, 
the Redemption Notice shall be deemed 
invalid 
and 
the 
corresponding 
redemption shall not be made; the Issuer 
shall endeavour to give notice thereof in 
accordance with § 13 no later than on 
the date fixed for redemption. 
Ein Unterlassen der Mitteilung an die 
Anleihegläubiger 
lässt 
die 
Unwirksamkeit der Kündigung und das 
Rückzahlungsverbot 
unberührt 
und 
stellt 
in 
keinem 
Falle 
eine 
Pflichtverletzung dar. Eine bis zu dem 
für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag 
nicht 
erfolgte 
Mitteilung 
ist 
unverzüglich nachzuholen. 
Any failure to give such notice to the 
Noteholders 
shall 
not 
affect 
the 
invalidity of the call notice and the 
prohibition of redemption and shall in 
no event constitute a default for any 
purpose. A notice which has not been 
given by the date fixed for redemption 
shall be given without undue delay 
(unverzüglich) thereafter. 
Wenn 
die 
Rückgewährbedingungen 
nicht erfüllt sind, berechtigt dies die 
Anleihegläubiger 
nicht, 
von 
der 
Emittentin die Rückzahlung der Schuld-
verschreibungen zu verlangen, und eine 
aus diesem Grunde nicht erfolgte 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen begründet keinen Verzug der 
Emittentin und keine anderweitige 
Verletzung 
ihrer 
Verpflichtungen 
aufgrund der Schuldverschreibungen 
oder für sonstige Zwecke. 
If the Conditions to Redemption are not 
satisfied, this shall not entitle the 
Noteholders to require the Issuer to 
redeem the Notes and any failure to 
redeem the Notes for such reason shall 
not constitute a default of the Issuer or 
any other breach of its obligations under 
the Notes or for any other purpose. 
(6) 
Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
(6) 
Redemption Amount. 
Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" ist ein 
Betrag je Schuldverschreibung in Höhe 
der festgelegten Stückelung zuzüglich 
der bis zum Tag der Rückzahlung 
(ausschließlich) in Bezug auf diese 
Schuldverschreibung 
aufgelaufenen, 
aber noch nicht bezahlten Zinsen sowie, 
zur Klarstellung, sämtlicher gemäß 
§ 4(2) fälliger Zinsrückstände in Bezug 
auf diese Schuldverschreibung. 
The "Redemption Amount" means an 
amount per Note equal to the Specified 
Denomination plus any interest accrued 
on such Note to but excluding the date 
of redemption but unpaid and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any Arrears of 
Interest due on such Note in accordance 
with § 4(2). 
(7) 
Kein Recht der Anleihegläubiger zur 
Kündigung oder zur Fälligstellung. 
(7) 
No right of termination or acceleration 
by the Noteholders. 
Die Anleihegläubiger haben kein Recht 
zur Kündigung oder anderweitigen 
Fälligstellung 
der 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen. 
The Noteholders shall have no right to 
terminate or otherwise accelerate the 
redemption of the Notes. 
(8) 
Rückkauf; 
Erwerb 
für 
fremde 
Rechnung; OGAW. 
(8) 
Repurchase; Purchase for the account 
of a third party; UCITS. 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
und 
jedes 
Tochterunternehmen 
der 
Emittentin (§ 290 Absatz 1 
HGB) 
können 
jederzeit, 
vorbehaltlich 
zwingender 
gesetzlicher Regelungen und 
(außer unter den nachstehend in 
(a) 
The Issuer and any subsidiary of 
the Issuer (§ 290 paragraph 1 
HGB) may at any time, subject to 
mandatory provisions of law and 
(except in the circumstances set 
out in § 6(8)(b) below) to the 
Conditions to Redemption being

--- Page 135 ---
135 
§ 6(8)(b) 
aufgeführten 
Umständen) vorbehaltlich der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückgewährbedingungen 
am 
Tag 
des 
Erwerbs, 
Schuld-
verschreibungen auf dem freien 
Markt oder anderweitig sowie zu 
jedem beliebigen Preis erwerben 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Rückkauf"). 
Derartig 
erworbene 
Schuld-
verschreibungen 
können 
eingezogen, 
gehalten 
oder 
wieder veräußert werden. 
satisfied on the relevant purchase 
date, purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise and at any 
price (each a "Repurchase"). 
Such purchased Notes may be 
cancelled, held or resold. 
(b) 
Die 
Rückgewährbedingungen 
müssen im Falle von Rückkäufen 
nicht erfüllt sein, soweit ein 
Tochterunternehmen 
der 
Emittentin (§ 290 Absatz 1 
HGB) 
die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen für fremde Rechnung 
oder 
für 
Organismen 
für 
gemeinsame 
Anlagen 
in 
Wertpapieren "OGAW" erwirbt, 
es sei denn, die Anteile an diesen 
OGAW werden mehrheitlich 
von der Emittentin oder einem 
ihrer 
Tochterunternehmen 
(§ 290 Absatz 1 HGB) gehalten. 
(b) 
The Conditions to Redemption 
do not have to be satisfied for any 
Repurchases 
made 
by 
any 
subsidiary of the Issuer (§ 290 
paragraph 1 
HGB) 
for 
the 
account of a third party or 
Undertakings 
for 
Collective 
Investment 
in 
Transferable 
Securities ("UCITS"), unless the 
majority of the shares in the 
relevant UCITS are held by the 
Issuer or one of its subsidiaries 
(§ 290 paragraph 1 HGB). 
§ 7 
DER FISCAL AGENT, DIE 
ZAHLSTELLE UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
§ 7 
THE FISCAL AGENT,  
THE PAYING AGENT 
AND THE CALCULATION AGENT 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstellen.
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. 
Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent, 
die anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle und 
die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle 
und 
deren 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten 
wie folgt: 
The initial Fiscal Agent, the initial 
Paying Agent and the initial Calculation 
Agent and their initial specified offices 
shall be: 
"Fiscal Agent" und "Zahlstelle": 
"Fiscal Agent" and "Paying Agent": 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
"Berechnungsstelle": 
"Calculation Agent": 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland]
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany]
[●]
[●]
Der Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstelle und die 
Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit ihre bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and 
the Calculation Agent reserve the right 
at any time to change their specified 
offices to some other specified office in 
the same country. 
(2) 
Änderung 
der 
Bestellung 
oder 
Abberufung. 
(2) 
Variation 
or 
Termination 
of 
Appointment. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die Bestellung des Fiscal 
Agent oder einer Zahlstelle oder der 
Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent 
oder zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent and to appoint 
another Fiscal Agent or additional or 
other 
Paying 
Agents 
or 
another

--- Page 136 ---
136 
oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle zu 
bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem 
Zeitpunkt einen Fiscal Agent, eine 
Zahlstelle und eine Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, 
Bestellung 
oder 
ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam, 
sofern die Anleihegläubiger hierüber 
gemäß § 13 vorab unter Einhaltung 
einer Frist von mindestens 30 Tagen und 
nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert 
wurden (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem 
eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam 
wird). 
Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall at all 
times maintain a Fiscal Agent, a Paying 
Agent and a Calculation Agent. Any 
variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect after not 
less than 30 days nor more than 45 days' 
prior notice thereof shall have been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with § 13 (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect). 
(3) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. 
(3) 
Agent of the Issuer. 
Der Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstelle und die 
Berechnungsstelle 
handeln 
ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber 
den Anleihegläubigern, und es wird kein 
Auftrags- 
oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihnen 
und 
den 
Anleihegläubigern begründet. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and 
the Calculation Agent act solely as the 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for any Noteholder. 
(4) 
Unabhängiger Berater.
(4) 
Independent Adviser. 
Wenn die Emittentin gemäß diesen 
Bedingungen 
einen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
bestellt, 
dann 
ist 
§ 7(3) 
entsprechend auf den Unabhängigen 
Berater anzuwenden. 
If the Issuer appoints an Independent 
Adviser in accordance with these Terms 
and Conditions, § 7(3) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to the Independent 
Adviser. 
§ 8 
STEUERN 
§ 8 
TAXATION 
(1) 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind ohne 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
von 
oder 
aufgrund 
von 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, 
die von oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung 
oder von oder für Rechnung einer 
politischen 
Untergliederung 
oder 
Steuerbehörde 
der 
oder 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt 
oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein 
solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist 
gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. 
Ist 
ein 
solcher 
Einbehalt 
gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben, so wird die Emittentin 
diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die 
"zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die 
erforderlich 
sind, 
damit 
die 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt 
oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
von 
den 
Anleihegläubigern empfangen worden 
wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung 
solcher zusätzlicher Beträge besteht 
jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern 
und Abgaben, die: 
(1) 
All amounts payable in respect of the 
Notes 
shall 
be 
made 
without 
withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by way of withholding or 
deduction by or on behalf of the Federal 
Republic of Germany or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by 
law. If such withholding is required by 
law, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts (the "Additional Amounts") 
as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the Noteholders, 
after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the respective amounts 
which would otherwise have been 
receivable in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no 
such Additional Amounts shall be 
payable on account of any taxes or 
duties which: 
(a) 
von einer als Depotbank oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere 
Weise zu entrichten sind als 
dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus 
den von ihr zu leistenden 
(a) 
are payable by any person acting 
as custodian bank or collecting 
agent on behalf of a Noteholder, 
or otherwise in any manner 
which does not constitute a 
deduction or withholding by the 
Issuer 
from 
payments 
of

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder 
Zinsen 
einen 
Abzug 
oder 
Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
principal or interest made by it; 
or 
(b) 
wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder 
früheren 
persönlichen 
oder 
geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Anleihegläubigers 
zu 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu 
zahlen sind, und nicht allein 
deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Quellen in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland stammen (oder für 
Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden) oder dort 
besichert sind; oder 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the 
Noteholder having, or having 
had, some personal or business 
connection with the Federal 
Republic of Germany and not 
merely by reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the Notes 
are, or for purposes of taxation 
are deemed to be, derived from 
sources in, or are secured in, the 
Federal Republic of Germany; or 
(c) 
aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder 
Verordnung der Europäischen 
Union 
betreffend 
die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung 
über 
deren 
Besteuerung, 
an 
der 
die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder die Europäische Union 
beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer 
gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese 
Richtlinie, 
Verordnung 
oder 
Vereinbarung 
umsetzt 
oder 
befolgt, 
abzuziehen 
oder 
einzubehalten sind; oder 
(c) 
are 
deducted 
or 
withheld 
pursuant to (i) any European 
Union directive or regulation 
concerning 
the 
taxation 
of 
interest income, or (ii) any 
international 
treaty 
or 
understanding relating to such 
taxation and to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the 
European Union is a party, or 
(iii) any provision of law 
implementing, 
or 
complying 
with, or introduced to conform 
with, such directive, regulation, 
treaty or understanding; or 
(d) 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung 
zu zahlen sind, welche später als 
30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden 
Zahlung 
von 
Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn 
dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung 
aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 13 
wirksam wird. 
(d) 
are payable by reason of a 
change in law that becomes 
effective more than 30 days after 
the relevant payment becomes 
due, or is duly provided for and 
notice thereof is published in 
accordance with § 13, whichever 
occurs later. 
(2) 
Die Emittentin ist nicht verpflichtet, 
zusätzliche Beträge in Bezug auf einen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Beträgen zu 
zahlen, die gemäß Sections 1471 bis 
1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
(in der jeweils geltenden Fassung oder 
gemäß 
Nachfolgebestimmungen), 
gemäß zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen, 
gemäß 
den 
in 
einer 
anderen 
Rechtsordnung in Zusammenhang mit 
diesen 
Bestimmungen 
erlassenen 
Durchführungsvorschriften oder gemäß 
mit dem U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
geschlossenen 
Verträgen 
von 
der 
Emittentin, der jeweiligen Zahlstelle 
oder 
einem 
anderen 
Beteiligten 
abgezogen oder einbehalten wurden 
("FATCA-Steuerabzug") 
oder 
Anleihegläubiger in Bezug auf einen 
FATCA-Steuerabzug 
schadlos 
zu 
halten. 
(2) 
In any event, the Issuer will not have any 
obligation to pay additional amounts 
deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the 
relevant Paying Agent or any other party 
in relation to any withholding or 
deduction of any amounts required by 
the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any 
amended or successor provisions), 
pursuant to any inter-governmental 
agreement, or implementing legislation 
adopted by another jurisdiction in 
connection with these provisions, or 
pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA 
Withholding"), or to indemnify any 
Noteholder in relation to any FATCA 
Withholding. 
§ 9 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST UND 
VERJÄHRUNG 
§ 9 
PRESENTATION PERIOD AND 
STATUTE OF LIMITATION 
Die Vorlegungsfrist gemäß § 801 Absatz 1 
Satz 1 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (BGB) für 
fällige Schuldverschreibungen wird auf zehn 
The period for presentation of the Notes due, as 
established in § 801(1) sentence 1 of the 
German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Jahre verkürzt. Erfolgt die Vorlegung während 
der Vorlegungsfrist, so verjährt der Anspruch 
aus der Schuldverschreibung in zwei Jahren 
von dem Ende der Vorlegungsfrist an. 
– BGB), is reduced to 10 years. Following such 
presentation during the presentation period, the 
limitation period with regard to any claim 
arising under the Notes will be two years from 
the expiry of the presentation period. 
§ 10 
SCHULDNERERSETZUNG 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
(1) 
Schuldnerersetzung. 
(1) 
Substitution of Issuer. 
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, 
ohne Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger 
eine andere Gesellschaft (soweit es sich 
bei dieser Gesellschaft nicht um ein 
Versicherungsunternehmen 
handelt), 
die direkt oder indirekt von der 
Emittentin kontrolliert wird, als neue 
Emittentin für alle sich aus oder im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuld-
verschreibungen 
ergebenden 
Verpflichtungen mit schuldbefreiender 
Wirkung für die Emittentin an die Stelle 
der Emittentin zu setzen (die "Neue 
Emittentin"), sofern 
The Issuer may at any time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, substitute 
for the Issuer any other company (other 
than an insurance undertaking) which is 
directly or indirectly controlled by the 
Issuer, as new issuer (the "New Issuer") 
in respect of all obligations arising 
under or in connection with the Notes, 
with the effect of releasing the Issuer of 
all such obligations, if 
(a) 
die Neue Emittentin sämtliche 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt; 
(a) 
the New Issuer assumes any and 
all obligations of the Issuer 
arising under or in connection 
with the Notes; 
(b) 
die Neue Emittentin in der Lage 
ist, sämtliche zur Erfüllung der 
aufgrund der Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
bestehenden 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
erforderlichen Beträge in der 
festgelegten Währung an den 
Fiscal Agent zur Weiterleitung 
an das Clearing System zu 
zahlen, und zwar ohne Abzug 
oder Einbehalt von Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben jedweder 
Art, die von dem Land (oder den 
Ländern), in dem (in denen) die 
Neue Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat, auferlegt, erhoben 
oder eingezogen werden; 
(b) 
the New Issuer is in the position 
to pay to the Fiscal Agent for on-
payment to the Clearing System 
in the Specified Currency and 
without 
deducting 
or 
withholding any taxes or other 
duties 
of 
whatever 
nature 
imposed, levied or deducted by 
the country (or countries) in 
which the New Issuer has its 
domicile or tax residence all 
amounts 
required 
for 
the 
performance of the payment 
obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes; 
(c) 
die Talanx Aktiengesellschaft 
unwiderruflich 
die 
Ver-
pflichtungen 
der 
Neuen 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
nachrangiger 
Basis 
zu 
Bedingungen 
garantiert, 
die 
sicherstellen, dass vorbehaltlich 
der Regelungen dieses § 10 jeder 
Anleihegläubiger wirtschaftlich 
so gestellt wird, wie er ohne die 
Ersetzung stehen würde; 
(c) 
Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft 
irrevocably guarantees on a 
subordinated 
basis 
such 
obligations of the New Issuer 
under the Notes on terms which 
ensure that without prejudice to 
the provisions of this § 10 each 
Noteholder will be put in an 
economic position that is as 
favourable as that which would 
have existed had the substitution 
not taken place; 
(d) 
die Ersetzung nicht zu dem 
Eintreten eines Rechts der Neuen 
Emittentin zur Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 6(3)(c) führt; 
(d) 
the substitution does not result in 
a right of the New Issuer to 
redeem the Notes in accordance 
with § 6(3)(c); 
(e) 
die 
Rückgewährbedingungen, 
die 
für 
die 
Ersetzung 
entsprechende 
Anwendung 
finden, 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Ersetzung 
erfüllt 
sind 
(zur 
Klarstellung: 
dies 
setzt 
insbesondere voraus, dass die 
Zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
(e) 
the Conditions to Redemption, 
which 
shall 
apply 
mutatis 
mutandis to the substitution, are 
satisfied at the time of the 
substitution (for the avoidance of 
doubt: this requires in particular 
that the Competent Supervisory

--- Page 139 ---
139 
ihre vorherige Zustimmung zu 
der Ersetzung erteilt hat); und 
Authority has given its prior 
consent to the substitution); and 
(f) 
die Ersetzung im Einklang mit 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften erfolgt. 
(f) 
the substitution is made in 
accordance with the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations. 
(2) 
Bezugnahmen. 
(2) 
References. 
lm Falle einer Ersetzung gemäß § 10(1) 
gilt 
jede 
Bezugnahme 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin 
als eine solche auf die Neue Emittentin 
und 
jede 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland als eine 
solche auf den Staat, in welchem die 
Neue Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist. 
In the event of a substitution in 
accordance with § 10(1), any reference 
in these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall be a reference to the New 
Issuer and any reference to the Federal 
Republic of Germany shall be a 
reference to the New Issuer's country of 
domicile for tax purposes. 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, dass dies nur 
gilt, soweit sich nicht aus Sinn und 
Zweck der jeweiligen Bedingung ergibt, 
dass 
die 
jeweilige 
Bezugnahme 
entweder weiterhin nur auf die Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft erfolgen soll (also 
insbesondere im Hinblick auf die 
Solvabilität 
der 
Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
das 
Insolvenzereignis, 
das 
Dividendenereignis, 
das 
Rechnungslegungsereignis, 
das 
Ratingagenturereignis und § 6(8)), oder 
dass die Bezugnahme auf die Neue 
Emittentin und gleichzeitig auch auf die 
Talanx Aktiengesellschaft, im Hinblick 
auf 
deren 
jeweilige 
steuerliche 
Ansässigkeit und die Verpflichtungen 
der Talanx Aktiengesellschaft aus der 
Garantie gemäß § 10(1)(c) erfolgen soll 
(z.B. § 6(3) und § 8). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this shall 
apply only to the extent that the meaning 
and purpose of the relevant condition 
requires that the relevant reference shall 
continue to be a reference only to Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft (i.e. in particular for 
solvency 
purposes 
of 
Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
the 
Insolvency 
Event, the Dividend Payment Event, the 
Accounting Event, the Rating Agency 
Event and § 6(8)), or that the reference 
shall be to the New Issuer and Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft, in relation to their 
respective domicile for tax purposes and 
to 
Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft's 
obligations under the guarantee in 
accordance with § 10(1)(c), at the same 
time (e.g. § 6(3) and § 8). 
(3) 
Bekanntmachung und Wirksamwerden 
der Ersetzung. 
(3) 
Notice and Effectiveness of Substitution. 
Die Ersetzung der Emittentin ist den 
Anleihegläubigern 
gemäß 
§ 13 
mitzuteilen. Mit der Mitteilung wird die 
Ersetzung wirksam und die Emittentin 
und, im Falle einer wiederholten 
Anwendung dieses § 10, jede frühere 
Neue Emittentin von ihren sämtlichen 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuld-
verschreibungen frei. 
Notice of any substitution of the Issuer 
shall be given by notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 13. 
Upon such notice, the substitution shall 
become effective, and the Issuer, and in 
the event of a repeated application of 
this § 10, any previous New Issuer, shall 
be discharged from any and all 
obligations under the Notes. 
§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN DURCH 
BESCHLUSS DER 
ANLEIHEGLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
§ 11 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF 
THE NOTEHOLDERS; JOINT 
REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) 
Die Emittentin kann, vorbehaltlich der 
Einhaltung 
der 
aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Voraussetzungen für die Anerkennung 
der Schuldverschreibungen als Tier 2-
Eigenmittelbestandteile der Emittentin 
und der Gruppe der Muttergesellschaft 
und der vorherigen Zustimmung der 
Zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde (sofern 
diese 
im 
betreffenden 
Zeitpunkt 
aufgrund 
der 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
erforderlich 
ist), 
die 
Anleihebedingungen mit Zustimmung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
aufgrund 
Mehrheitsbeschluss nach Maßgabe der 
§§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über Schuld-
(1) 
Subject 
to 
complying 
with 
the 
regulatory 
requirements 
for 
the 
qualification of the Notes as Tier 2 
Own-Fund Items of the Issuer and the 
Parent's Group and the prior consent of 
the Competent Supervisory Authority 
(if under the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations such prior consent is 
required at the time), the Issuer may 
amend the Terms and Conditions with 
the consent of a majority resolution of 
the Noteholders in accordance with §§ 5 
et seqq. of the German Act on Issues of 
Debt Securities (Gesetz über Schuld-
verschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
–
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz), 
as

--- Page 140 ---
140 
verschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
(Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
– 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) in seiner 
jeweiligen gültigen Fassung ("SchVG") 
ändern. 
Eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen ohne Zustimmung 
der Emittentin ist ausgeschlossen. Die 
Anleihegläubiger können insbesondere 
einer Änderung wesentlicher Inhalte der 
Anleihebedingungen, einschließlich der 
in 
§ 5(3) 
SchVG 
vorgesehenen 
Maßnahmen, 
mit 
den 
in 
dem 
nachstehenden 
§ 11(2) 
genannten 
Mehrheiten 
zustimmen. 
Ein 
ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
ist 
für 
alle 
Anleihegläubiger verbindlich. 
amended 
(the 
"SchVG"). 
An 
amendment 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions without the Issuer's consent 
is 
ruled 
out. 
In 
particular, 
the 
Noteholders 
may 
consent 
to 
amendments which materially change 
the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions, including such measures as 
provided for under § 5(3) SchVG, by 
resolutions passed by such majority of 
the votes of the Noteholders as stated 
under § 11(2) below. A duly passed 
majority resolution will be binding upon 
all Noteholders. 
Die Emittentin wird die Zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde vor Durchführung der 
Abstimmung 
von 
den 
zur 
Beschlussfassung 
vorgeschlagenen 
Änderungen der Anleihebedingungen 
unterrichten. 
The Issuer will notify the Competent 
Supervisory 
Authority 
of 
the 
amendments 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions proposed for resolution prior 
to the holding of the vote. 
(2) 
Vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes 
und der Erreichung der erforderlichen 
Beschlussfähigkeit, 
beschließen 
die 
Anleihegläubiger mit der einfachen 
Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, 
durch 
welche 
der 
wesentliche 
Inhalt 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, insbesondere in 
den Fällen des § 5(3) Nummer 1 bis 9 
SchVG, geändert wird, bedürfen zu 
ihrer Wirksamkeit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 
75 % 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte 
(eine 
"Qualifizierte 
Mehrheit"). Das Stimmrecht ruht, 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einem 
mit 
ihr 
verbundenen Unternehmen (§ 271(2) 
HGB) zustehen oder für Rechnung der 
Emittentin 
oder 
eines 
mit 
ihr 
verbundenen Unternehmens gehalten 
werden. 
(2) 
Except as provided by the following 
sentence and provided that the quorum 
requirements are being satisfied, the 
Noteholders may pass resolutions by 
simple majority of the voting rights 
participating in the vote. Resolutions 
which materially change the substance 
of the Terms and Conditions, in 
particular in the cases of § 5(3) numbers 
1 through 9 SchVG, may only be passed 
by a majority of at least 75 % of the 
voting rights participating in the vote (a 
"Qualified Majority"). The voting right 
is suspended as long as any Notes are 
attributable to the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates (within the meaning of 
§ 271(2) HGB) or are being held for the 
account of the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates. 
(3) 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
werden 
entweder 
in 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung nach § 11(3)(a) 
oder im Wege der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung 
nach 
§ 11(3)(b) 
getroffen, die von der Emittentin oder 
ggf. einem gemeinsamen Vertreter 
einberufen wird. 
(3) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders will be 
made either in a noteholders' meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance 
with § 11(3)(a) or by means of a vote 
without 
a 
physical 
meeting 
(Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) in 
accordance with § 11(3)(b), in either 
case convened by the Issuer or a joint 
representative, if any. 
(a) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger 
im 
Rahmen 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung werden 
nach §§ 9 ff. SchVG getroffen. 
Die 
Einberufung 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
regelt 
die weiteren Einzelheiten der 
Beschlussfassung 
und 
der 
Abstimmung. 
Mit 
der 
Einberufung 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung werden 
in 
der 
Tagesordnung 
die 
Beschlussgegenstände sowie die 
Vorschläge 
zur 
Beschlussfassung 
den 
(a) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders 
in 
a 
noteholders' 
meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) will be 
made in accordance with §§ 9 et 
seqq. SchVG. The convening 
notice of a noteholders' meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) 
will 
provide 
the 
further 
details 
relating to the resolutions and the 
voting procedure. The subject 
matter of the vote as well as the 
proposed resolutions will be 
notified to Noteholders in the 
agenda of the meeting.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
Anleihegläubigern 
bekannt 
gegeben. 
(b) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger 
im Wege der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung werden nach § 18 
SchVG 
getroffen. 
Die 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
durch den Abstimmungsleiter 
regelt die weiteren Einzelheiten 
der Beschlussfassung und der 
Abstimmung. 
Mit 
der 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
werden 
die 
Beschlussgegenstände sowie die 
Vorschläge 
zur 
Beschlussfassung 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
bekannt 
gegeben. 
(b) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders 
by means of a vote without 
physical meeting (Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung) will be 
made in accordance with § 18 
SchVG. The request for voting as 
submitted 
by 
the 
chair 
(Abstimmungsleiter) will provide 
the further details relating to the 
resolutions 
and 
the 
voting 
procedure. The subject matter of 
the vote as well as the proposed 
resolutions will be notified to 
Noteholders together with the 
request for voting. 
(4) 
Wird die Beschlussfähigkeit bei der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
gemäß 
§ 11(3)(a) oder der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 11(3)(b) nicht 
festgestellt, 
kann 
der 
Abstimmungsleiter 
eine 
zweite 
Versammlung im Sinne des § 15(3) Satz 
3 SchVG einberufen. 
(4) 
If it is ascertained that no quorum exists 
for 
the 
noteholders' 
meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance 
with § 11(3)(a) or the vote without a 
physical meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with 
§ 11(3)(b), 
the 
chair 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a 
second meeting within the meaning of 
§ 15(3) sentence 3 SchVG. 
(5) 
Die Stimmrechtsausübung ist von einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
abhängig. 
Die 
Anmeldung muss bis zum dritten Tag 
vor der Versammlung im Falle einer 
Gläubigerversammlung 
(wie 
in 
§ 11(3)(a) oder § 11(4) beschrieben) 
bzw. 
vor 
dem 
Beginn 
des 
Abstimmungszeitraums im Falle einer 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung (wie 
in § 11(3)(b) beschrieben) unter der in 
der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
angegebenen 
Anschrift 
zugehen. 
Zusammen mit der Anmeldung müssen 
Anleihegläubiger den Nachweis ihrer 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung durch eine besondere 
Bescheinigung 
ihrer 
jeweiligen 
Depotbank (wie in § 14(4) definiert) in 
Textform (z.B. E-Mail oder Fax) und 
die Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der 
Depotbank 
erbringen, 
aus 
dem 
hervorgeht, dass die relevanten Schuld-
verschreibungen für den Zeitraum vom 
Tag der Absendung der Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zu 
dem 
angegebenen Ende der Versammlung 
(einschließlich) bzw. dem Ende des 
Abstimmungszeitraums (einschließlich) 
nicht übertragen werden können. 
(5) 
The exercise of voting rights is subject 
to the registration of the Noteholders. 
The registration must be received at the 
address stated in the request for voting 
no later than the third day prior to the 
meeting in the case of a noteholders' 
meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) (as 
described in § 11(3)(a) or § 11(4)) or the 
beginning of the voting period in the 
case of voting not requiring a physical 
meeting 
(Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung) 
(as 
described 
in 
§ 11(3)(b)), as the case may be. As part 
of the registration, Noteholders must 
demonstrate 
their 
eligibility 
to 
participate in the vote by means of a 
special confirmation of their respective 
Custodian (as defined in § 14(4)) in text 
format (Textform, e.g. email or fax) and 
by submission of a blocking instruction 
by the Custodian stating that the 
relevant Notes are not transferable from 
and including the day such registration 
has been sent until and including the 
stated end of the meeting or day the 
voting period ends, as the case may be. 
(6) 
Die Anleihegläubiger können durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss die Bestellung oder 
Abberufung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters, 
die 
Aufgaben 
und 
Befugnisse 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters, 
die 
Übertragung 
von 
Rechten der Anleihegläubiger auf den 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
und 
eine 
Beschränkung 
der 
Haftung 
des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters bestimmen. 
Die Bestellung eines gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten 
Mehrheit, wenn er ermächtigt werden 
soll, wesentlichen Änderungen des 
(6) 
The Noteholders may by majority 
resolution provide for the appointment 
or dismissal of a joint representative, the 
duties and responsibilities and the 
powers of such joint representative, the 
transfer of the rights of the Noteholders 
to the joint representative and a 
limitation of liability of the joint 
representative. Appointment of a joint 
representative may only be passed by a 
Qualified 
Majority 
if 
such 
joint 
representative is to be authorised to 
consent to a material change in the

--- Page 142 ---
142 
wesentlichen 
Inhalts 
der 
Anleihebedingungen gemäß § 11(1) 
zuzustimmen. 
substance of the Terms and Conditions 
in accordance with § 11(1). 
(7) 
Bekanntmachungen betreffend diesen 
§ 11 erfolgen gemäß den §§ 5 ff. 
SchVG. 
(7) 
Any notices concerning this § 11 will be 
made in accordance with §§ 5 et seqq.
SchVG. 
(8) 
Die 
oben 
aufgeführten, 
auf 
die 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen finden 
sinngemäß 
für 
Änderungen 
der 
Bedingungen einer etwaigen Garantie 
gemäß § 10(1)(c) Anwendung (zur 
Klarstellung: dies setzt insbesondere 
voraus, 
dass 
die 
Zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
ihre 
vorherige 
Zustimmung zu den Änderungen der 
Garantie erteilt hat). 
(8) 
The provisions set out above applicable 
to the amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions will apply mutatis mutandis
to the terms of any guarantee given in 
accordance with § 10(1)(c) (for the 
avoidance of doubt: this requires in 
particular 
that 
the 
Competent 
Supervisory Authority has given its 
prior consent to the amendments to the 
guarantee). 
§ 12 
WEITERE EMISSIONEN 
§ 12 
FURTHER ISSUES 
Die Emittentin kann ohne Zustimmung der 
Anleihegläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen begeben, die in jeder Hinsicht (oder in 
jeder Hinsicht mit Ausnahme der ersten 
Zinszahlung) die gleichen Bedingungen wie die 
Schuldverschreibungen dieser Anleihe haben 
und die zusammen mit den Schuldverschrei-
bungen dieser Anleihe eine einzige Anleihe 
bilden. Der Begriff Schuldverschreibungen 
umfasst im Falle einer solchen weiteren 
Begebung auch solche zusätzlich begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, create and issue 
further Notes having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the first payment of interest) 
so as to form a single series with the Notes. The 
term Notes shall, in the event of such further 
issue, also comprise such further notes. 
§ 13 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 13 
NOTICES 
Im Falle von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, die in 
der offiziellen 
Liste der 
Luxemburger 
Börse notiert 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) 
Veröffentlichungen auf der Internetseite 
der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse.
[(1) 
Publications on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are listed on 
the official list 
of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange the 
following 
applies 
Vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen in 
Satz 2 des nachstehenden § 13(2) 
werden alle Mitteilungen, die die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffen, auf 
der Internetseite der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse 
(derzeit 
www.luxse.com) veröffentlicht, solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin an der 
Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse notiert 
sind und die Regeln der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse dies vorsehen. Jede 
solche Mitteilung gilt am Tag ihrer 
Veröffentlichung (oder, falls sie mehr 
als einmal veröffentlicht wird, am Tag 
der 
ersten 
Veröffentlichung) 
als 
wirksam erfolgt. 
Subject as provided in sentence 2 of 
§ 13(2) below, for so long as the Notes 
are 
admitted 
to 
trading 
on 
the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at the 
initiative of the Issuer and the rules of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so 
require, all notices concerning the Notes 
shall be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (currently 
www.luxse.com). Any such notice so 
given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the day of its 
publication (or, if published more than 
once, on the day of the first such 
publication). 
(2) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. 
Die Emittentin wird alle die Schuld-
verschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
übermitteln. 
Eine 
solche Mitteilung über das Clearing 
The Issuer will deliver all notices 
concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Noteholders. 
Such notification via the Clearing 
System will substitute the publication in

--- Page 143 ---
143 
System ersetzt die Veröffentlichung 
gemäß vorstehendem § 13(1) jedoch 
nur, wenn die Mitteilung den Zinssatz 
betrifft oder wenn und soweit nicht eine 
Veröffentlichung 
der 
betreffenden 
Mitteilung gemäß vorstehendem § 13(1) 
gesetzlich oder durch anwendbare 
Vorschriften 
der 
Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse vorgeschrieben ist. 
accordance with § 13(1) above, but only 
if and to the extent that a publication of 
notice in accordance with § 13(1) above 
is not required by law or by applicable 
rules 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange. 
(3) 
Bekanntmachungen im Bundesanzeiger. 
(3) 
Notices in the German Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger).
Wenn eine die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffende 
Mitteilung 
nach 
anwendbarem Recht im Bundesanzeiger 
bekanntzumachen ist, erfolgt zusätzlich 
die Veröffentlichung der betreffenden 
Mitteilung im Bundesanzeiger. Die 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
solchen 
Mitteilung im Bundesanzeiger berührt 
nicht die Wirksamkeit einer Mitteilung 
gemäß § 13(1) und (2).]
If the publication of any notice 
concerning the Notes is required to be 
made by applicable law in the German 
Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger), the 
relevant notice shall also be published in 
the 
German 
Federal 
Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). The publication of 
any such notice in the German Federal 
Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) shall be 
without prejudice to the efficacy of any 
notice made in accordance with § 13(1) 
and (2).]
Im Falle von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, die 
nicht an einer 
Börse notiert 
sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. 
[(1) 
Notification to Clearing System. 
In case of 
Notes which 
are unlisted 
the following 
applies 
Die Emittentin wird alle die Schuld-
verschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger übermitteln. 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices 
concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Noteholders. 
(2) 
Bekanntmachungen im Bundesanzeiger. 
(2) 
Notices in the German Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger).
Wenn eine die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffende 
Mitteilung 
nach 
anwendbarem Recht im Bundesanzeiger 
bekanntzumachen ist, erfolgt zusätzlich 
die Veröffentlichung der betreffenden 
Mitteilung im Bundesanzeiger. Die 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
solchen 
Mitteilung im Bundesanzeiger berührt 
nicht die Wirksamkeit einer Mitteilung 
gemäß § 13(1).]
If the publication of any notice 
concerning the Notes is required to be 
made by applicable law in the German 
Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger), the 
relevant notice shall also be published in 
the 
German 
Federal 
Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). The publication of 
any such notice in the German Federal 
Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) shall be 
without prejudice to the efficacy of any 
notice 
made 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 13(1).]
[(4)]
Form der Mitteilung. 
[(4)]
Form of Notice.
Mitteilungen, 
die 
von 
einem 
Anleihegläubiger 
gemacht 
werden, 
müssen in Textform (z.B. E-Mail oder 
Fax) oder schriftlich erfolgen und 
zusammen mit dem Nachweis seiner 
Inhaberschaft gemäß § 14(4) an den 
Fiscal Agent geschickt werden. Eine 
solche Mitteilung kann über das 
Clearing System in der von dem Fiscal 
Agent und dem Clearing System dafür 
vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder 
shall be made by means of a declaration 
in text format (Textform, e.g. email or 
fax) or in written form sent together with 
an 
evidence 
of 
the 
Noteholder's 
entitlement in accordance with § 14(4) 
to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be 
given through the Clearing System in 
such manner as the Fiscal Agent and the 
Clearing System may approve for such 
purpose.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF 
JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) 
Anwendbares Recht. 
(1) 
Applicable Law. 
Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschrei-
bungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten 
der Anleihegläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
The Notes, as to form and content, and 
all rights and obligations of the 
Noteholders and the Issuer, shall be 
governed by German law. 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. 
(2) 
Submission to Jurisdiction. 
Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für 
sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") 
ist 
das 
Landgericht 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
The District Court (Landgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of 
Germany shall have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes. 
(3) 
Erfüllungsort. 
(3) 
Place of Performance. 
Erfüllungsort ist Hannover, Bundes-
republik Deutschland. 
Place of performance shall be Hanover, 
Federal Republic of Germany. 
(4) 
Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. 
(4) 
Enforcement. 
Jeder Anleihegläubiger ist berechtigt, in 
jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
in 
jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit, 
in 
der 
der 
Anleihegläubiger und die Emittentin 
Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
eigenen 
Namen geltend zu machen gegen 
Vorlage (i) einer Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank, die (A) den vollen Namen 
und 
die 
volle 
Anschrift 
des 
Anleihegläubigers bezeichnet, (B) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen angibt, die am 
Ausstellungstag dieser Bescheinigung 
den bei dieser Depotbank bestehenden 
Depots 
dieses 
Anleihegläubigers 
gutgeschrieben sind, und (C) bestätigt, 
dass die Depotbank dem Clearing 
System eine schriftliche Mitteilung 
gemacht hat, die die Angaben gemäß 
Buchstaben (A) und (B) enthält und 
Bestätigungsvermerke 
des 
Clearing 
Systems sowie des jeweiligen Clearing 
System-Kontoinhabers 
trägt; 
und 
(ii) einer 
von 
einem 
Vertretungsberechtigten des Clearing 
Systems 
oder 
des 
Fiscal 
Agent 
bestätigten 
Ablichtung 
der 
Globalurkunde, ohne dass eine Vorlage 
der 
Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
in 
einer 
solchen 
Rechtsstreitigkeit erforderlich wäre. 
Any Noteholder may in any Proceedings 
against the Issuer or to which the 
Noteholder and the Issuer are parties 
enforce in its own name its rights arising 
under such Notes on the basis of (i) a 
certificate issued by the Custodian 
(A) stating the full name and address of 
the Noteholder, (B) specifying the 
aggregate principal amount of Notes 
credited on the date of such statement to 
such Noteholder's securities account(s) 
maintained with such Custodian and 
(C) confirming that the Custodian has 
given a written notice to the Clearing 
System containing the information 
specified in clauses (A) and (B) and 
bearing 
acknowledgements 
of 
the 
Clearing System and the relevant 
Clearing System accountholder; and 
(ii) a copy of the Global Note certified 
by a duly authorised officer of the 
Clearing System or the Fiscal Agent as 
being a true copy, without the need for 
production in such Proceedings of the 
actual records or the Global Note 
representing the Notes. 
In 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank 
oder 
ein 
sonstiges 
anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu 
betreiben, 
und 
bei 
der/dem 
der 
Anleihegläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing 
Systems. 
In 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions, 
"Custodian" means any bank or other 
financial 
institution 
of 
recognised 
standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which 
the Noteholder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Notes and 
which includes the Clearing System.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE 
Falls die 
Anleihebeding
ungen in 
deutscher 
Sprache mit 
einer 
Übersetzung 
in die 
englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche 
Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.]
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only.]
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
shall be in the 
German 
language with 
an English 
language 
translation the 
following 
applies 
Falls die 
Anleihebeding
ungen in 
englischer 
Sprache mit 
einer 
Übersetzung 
in die deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische 
Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.]
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language and provided with a German 
language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language 
translation is provided for convenience only.]
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
shall be in the 
English 
language with 
a German 
language 
translation the 
following 
applies 
Falls die 
Anleihebeding
ungen 
ausschließlich 
in deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
sind 
ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.]
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language only.]
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
shall be in the 
English 
language only 
the following 
applies

--- Page 146 ---
146 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[In case of Notes admitted to trading on [the regulated market of] the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, insert: The Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com).] [In case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange, insert: The Final Terms will be displayed on the 
website of Talanx (http://www.talanx.com).]
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
MIFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND 
GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, 
dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden, 
jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"), umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle 
für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. 
Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") 
soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID 
II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen. 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]30
[UK MIFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND 
GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, 
dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA-
Handbuchs Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") und professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 600/2014, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, 
umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle 
Kunden angemessen sind. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein 
"Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein 
Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA-Handbuch Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.]31
30 
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties only". The legend 
may not be necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending 
on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance 
legend or both are included. 
31
Legende einsetzen, wenn UK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Ausschließlich Professionelle Investoren 
und Geeignete Gegenparteien". Die Legende ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, wenn die Platzeure in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen ebenfalls

--- Page 147 ---
147 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]32
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EWR – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum 
Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt 
und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur 
Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines 
(oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 
2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"); oder (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 2016/97/EU 
(in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie"), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller 
Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung, die "PRIIPs-Verordnung") erforderliches 
Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig 
sein.]33
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]34
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IN GB – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum 
Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich ("GB") bestimmt und sollten 
Kleinanlegern in GB nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung 
gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder 
mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist; oder 
(ii) ein Kunde im Sinne der Bestimmungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, in seiner jeweiligen Fassung 
(der "FSMA") und jeglicher Vorschriften oder Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie 
(EU) 2016/97 erlassen wurden, wenn dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Punkt 
(8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie durch das EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, qualifiziert wäre. 
Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014, wie sie aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen 
Rechts ist (die "UK PRIIPs-Verordnung"), erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder 
die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in GB erstellt; daher kann das Angebot 
nicht der UK MiFIR unterliegen und es daher keine UK MiFIR-Konzepteure gibt. Je nach Standort der Konzepteure, kann es Situationen geben, in denen 
entweder die MiFID II Product Governance Legende oder die UK MiFIR Product Governance Legende oder beide enthalten sind.
32 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable". 
33
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im EWR" für "Nicht anwendbar" erklären.
34 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable". The assumption is that if there are 
potentially sales in the European Economic Area it is likely that there will also potentially be sales in the United Kingdom and vice versa such that the United 
Kingdom Prohibition and European Economic Area Prohibition would both be included unless specified as "Not Applicable".

--- Page 148 ---
148 
oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in GB nach der UK 
PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]35
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendation on Investment Products).] 
[In Verbindung mit Section 309B des Securities and Futures Act 2001 von Singapur (der "SFA") und den Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 von Singapur (die "CMP Regulations 2018"), hat die Emittentin 
festgestellt und benachrichtigt hiermit alle relevanten Personen (wie in Section 309A(1) des SFA definiert), dass es sich 
bei den Schuldverschreibungen um prescribed capital markets products (wie in den CMP Regulations 2018 definiert) und 
um Excluded Investment Products (wie in der MAS-Mitteilung SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
und der MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products definiert) handelt.] 
35
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger in GB" für "Nicht anwendbar" erklären. Es wird davon 
ausgegangen, dass, wenn es potenziell Verkäufe im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum gibt, es potenziell auch Verkäufe im Vereinigten Königreich gibt und 
umgekehrt, sodass sowohl das Verkaufsverbot im Vereinigten Königreich als auch das Verkaufsverbot im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum einzufügen wären, 
sofern sie nicht für "Nicht anwendbar" erklärt wurden.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
Dated [●] 
Datum [●] 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
TALANX AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5299006ZIILJ6VJVSJ32 
Issue of 
Emission von 
[Aggregate principal amount of Tranche]
[Gesamtnennbetrag der Tranche]
[Title of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der Schuldverschreibungen] 
[to be consolidated and form a single series with the [insert original tranche(s)] issued on [date(s)] 
die mit der [ursprüngliche Tranche(n) einfügen], begeben am [Datum/Daten] konsolidiert werden und eine einheitliche 
Serie bilden] 
issued as 
begeben als 
Series 
[●] 
Tranche 
[●] 
Serie 
Tranche 
under the 
unter dem 
Euro 5,000,000,000 
DEBT ISSUANCE PROGRAMME 
of 
der 
Talanx Aktiengesellschaft
Issue Date: 
[●] 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. 
Begebungstag: 
[●] 
Emissionspreis: 
[●] %

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Important Notice 
This document constitutes the final terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein (the "Final Terms"). These Final 
Terms have been prepared for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the base 
prospectus dated 29 August 2024 [(as supplemented by the supplement(s) to the base prospectus dated [●])] (the "Base 
Prospectus") which constitute(s) a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus and 
any supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). Full information on the Issuer and the issue of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
[This document must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Terms and Conditions which are 
extracted from the terms and conditions contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated [31 May 2022][28 August 2023], 
which have been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.]36
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Dieses Dokument stellt die endgültigen Bedingungen für die Emission der hierin beschriebenen Schuldverschreibungen dar
(die "Endgültigen Bedingungen"). Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikel 8 der Verordnung 
(EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, die 
"Prospektverordnung") abgefasst und sind nur mit dem Basisprospekt vom 29. August 2024 [(ergänzt durch [den][die]
[Nachtrag][Nachträge] zum Basisprospekt vom [●])] (der "Basisprospekt"), der einen Basisprospekt im Sinne der 
Prospektverordnung darstellt, gemeinsam zu lesen. Der Basisprospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektronischer 
Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.luxse.com) eingesehen werden. Vollständige Informationen in Bezug 
auf die Emittentin und die Emission der Schuldverschreibungen sind nur in der Gesamtheit dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen 
und dem Basisprospekt enthalten. 
[Dieses Dokument ist in Verbindung mit dem Basisprospekt zu lesen, mit Ausnahme der Anleihebedingungen, die den in dem 
Basisprospekt der Emittentin vom [31. Mai 2022][28. August 2023] enthaltenen Anleihebedingungen entnommen wurden, und 
die per Verweis in den Basisprospekt einbezogen sind.]37
36 
Insert in the case of an issue of Notes which will be consolidated and form a single series with outstanding notes issued in the relevant year. 
37
Im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen einsetzen, die mit im relevanten Jahr begebenen Schuldverschreibungen konsolidiert werden und eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
PART I – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[A. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by replicating the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I, Option II or Option III including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert:]
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") [, and the [German] [English] language 
translation thereof,] are as set out below. 
[In the case of Fixed Rate Notes replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including relevant further 
options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.] 
[In the case of Floating Rate Notes replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.] 
[In the case of Subordinated Notes with fixed-to-floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions 
of Option III including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.]] 
[B. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by referring to the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I, Option II or Option III including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, insert:]
This Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to [Fixed 
Rate Notes] [Floating Rate Notes] [Subordinated Notes] set forth in the Base Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II]
[Option III] (the "Terms and Conditions"). Capitalised terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and 
Conditions. 
All references in this Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs and 
subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be 
completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such 
provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final Terms which are either 
not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions 
applicable to the Notes (the Terms and Conditions together with Part I of these Final Terms constitute the 
"Conditions").] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Footnotes denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
TEIL I – VERTRAGLICHE REGELUNGEN 
[A. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung der 
betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I, Option II oder Option III aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der 
jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt 
werden, einfügen:]
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") [sowie deren 
[deutschsprachige] [englischsprachige] Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen.] 
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen.] 
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester-zu-variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der 
Option III (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen.]] 
[B. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Verweisung auf die 
betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I, Option II oder Option III aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der 
jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen:]

--- Page 152 ---
152 
Dieser Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf 
Schuldverschreibungen [mit [fester] [variabler] [fester-zu-variabler] Verzinsung] Anwendung findet, zu lesen, der 
als [Option I] [Option II] [Option III] im Basisprospekt enthalten ist (die "Anleihebedingungen"). Begriffe, die in 
den Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
verwendet werden. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen gelten 
als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den 
betreffenden 
Bestimmungen 
durch 
diese 
Angaben ausgefüllt 
wären. Sämtliche 
Bestimmungen 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch 
ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Anleihebedingungen (die Anleihebedingungen zusammen mit diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind die 
"Bedingungen") gestrichen.] 
[Anwendbare Bestimmung einfügen oder als "Nicht anwendbar" (N/A) kennzeichnen. Es ist zu beachten, dass 
die Reihenfolge der Nummerierung unverändert bleibt, auch wenn einzelne Abschnitte oder Unterabschnitte als 
"nicht anwendbar" gekennzeichnet sind. Fußnoten kennzeichnen Erläuterungen für die Bearbeitung der 
Endgültigen Bedingungen.]

--- Page 153 ---
153 
§ 1 
Currency, Denomination, Form, Certain Definitions 
 
§ 1 
Währung, Stückelung, Form, Bestimmte Definitionen 
 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
Festgelegte Währung: 
[●] 
Aggregate principal amount: 
[●]38
Gesamtnennbetrag: 
[●]39
Aggregate Principal Amount in words: 
[●]40
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten: 
[●]41
Specified Denomination: 
[●]42
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
[●]43
Clearing System(s) 
Clearingsystem(e) 
☐ 
CBF
☐ 
CBL / Euroclear
Global Note
Globalurkunde 
☐ 
Permanent Global Note 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
☐ 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent 
Global Note 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
☐ 
Classical Global Note or deposited with CBF 
Classical Global Note oder Verwahrung durch CBF 
☐ 
New Global Note 
New Global Note 
§ 3 
Interest 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
☐
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I)
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
(Option I) 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz: 
[●] % per annum 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●]
38 
Insert currency and amount of the Tranche. 
39 
Währung und Betrag der Tranche einfügen. 
40 
Insert currency and amount of the Tranche in words. 
41 
Währung und Betrag der Tranche in Worten einfügen. 
42 
The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 100,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount in such other currency at 
least equivalent to EUR 100,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. 
43 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt in EUR 100.000 oder, soweit in einer anderen Währung als Euro begeben, den Betrag in dieser 
Währung, der zum Zeitpunkt der Ausgabe der Schuldverschreibungen mindestens EUR 100.000 entspricht.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[●] 
☐ 
Initial Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination: 
[●] 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je  Festgelegter 
Stückelung: 
[●] 
☐ 
Fixed Interest Date preceding the  
Maturity 
Date: 
[●] 
Letzter dem Endfälligkeitstag vorausgehender 
Festzinstermin: 
[●] 
☐ 
Final Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination: 
[●] 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
Festgelegter Stückelung: 
[●] 
Day Count Fraction 
Zinstagequotient 
☐ 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Determination Date(s): 
[●]44
Feststellungstermin(e): 
[●]45
☐ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
☐ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
☐ 
Actual/360 
☐ 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
☐ 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
☐ 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen  
(Option II) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●][(first [long] [short] coupon)] 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●][(erster [langer] [kurzer] Kupon)] 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●]
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[●] 
44 
Only to be completed for an issue of Fixed Rate Notes where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA). Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
45
Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, deren Zinstagequotient Actual/Actual (ICMA) ist. Reguläre 
Zinszahlungstage mit Ausnahme des Begebungstags und des Endfälligkeitstags im Falle von kurzen oder langen ersten oder letzten Zinsperioden einfügen.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
Reference Rate 
Referenzsatz 
Period: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-month-EURIBOR 
Zeitraum: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-Monats-EURIBOR 
☐ 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]
Interpolation: 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar]
☐ 
Margin: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
Marge: 
[●] % per annum 
☐ 
plus 
zuzüglich 
☐ 
minus 
abzüglich 
☐
Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Notes (Option III)
Fest zu variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
(Option III) 
Fixed Rate Interest 
Festzins 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
Erster Zinsanpassungstag: 
[●] 
Rate of interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz: 
[●] % per annum 
Fixed Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
Festzins-Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
First Fixed Interest Payment Date: 
[●][(first [long] [short] coupon)]
Erster Festzins-Zinszahlungstag: 
[●][(erster [langer] [kurzer] Kupon)]
☐ 
Initial broken interest amount per Specified 
Denomination: 
[●] 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegter 
Stückelung: 
[●] 
Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
Feststellungstermin(e): 
[●] 
Floating rate interest 
Variabler Zins 
Margin:
[●] per cent. per annum 
Marge: 
[●] % per annum

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Floating Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
Variabler Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
First Floating Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
Erster Variabler Zinszahlungstag: 
[●] 
Reference Rate
Referenzsatz 
Period:
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-month-EURIBOR
Zeitraum: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-Monats-EURIBOR 
Determination of the Reference Rate: 
Reference Rate applicable to the first and each 
subsequent Floating Interest Period shall be [●] % per 
annum 
Feststellung des Referenzsatzes: 
Referenzsatz für die erste und jede nachfolgende 
Variable Zinsperiode entspricht [●] % per annum 
[§ 4 Deferral of interest payments
[§ 4 Aufschub von Zinszahlungen
☐ 
Optional interest deferral 
[Applicable][Not applicable]]46
Aufschub der Zinszahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar]]47
§ [4][5] 
Payments
§ [4][5] 
Zahlungen
Business Day 
Geschäftstag 
☐ 
T2 and Clearing System 
☐ 
Relevant financial centre(s): 
[Not applicable][●]48
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum / zentren: 
[Nicht anwendbar][●]49
§ [5][6] 
Redemption and Purchase 
§ [5][6] 
Rückzahlung und Rückkauf 
[In case of Option I or Option II:
[Im Falle von Option I oder Option II:
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
Endfälligkeitstag: 
[●] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[Yes [(all but not some only)] [(all or some only)]][No]
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin: 
[Ja[, insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise] [, insgesamt 
oder teilweise]][Nein]
Call Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call): 
[●] 
46 
Only to be inserted for an issue of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Notes. 
47
Nur einzusetzen bei Emissionen von Schuldverschreibungen mit fest-zu-variablem Zinssatz. 
48 
Only to be completed for an issue of Fixed Rate Notes and only if the Specified Currency is not Euro. 
49 
Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, bei der die festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
Call Redemption Amount(s): 
[●]50
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag / beträge (Call): 
[●]51
Early redemption at the Option of the Issuer for minimal 
outstanding principal amount: 
[Yes][No]
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin wegen eines 
geringen ausstehenden Nennbetrags: 
[Ja][Nein]
Early Redemption at the option of the Noteholder: 
[Yes][No]52
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Anleihegläubiger: 
[Ja][Nein]53
Put Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put): 
[●] 
Put Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag / beträge (Put): 
[●] 
[In case of Option III:
[Im Falle von Option III: 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[●]
Vorgesehener Endfälligkeitstag:
[●] 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
[●]
Optionale(r) Rückzahlungstag(e) 
[●]
Replacement or conversion of capital paid-in for the Notes:
In the case of any redemption or any Repurchase prior 
to [●].]
Ersetzung 
oder 
Umwandlung 
des 
über 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen eingezahlten Kapitals: 
Im Falle einer Rückzahlung oder eines Rückkaufs vor 
dem [●].] 
[§ [6][7] 
The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent [and the Calculation Agent] 
[§ [6][7] 
Der Fiscal Agent[,] [und] die Zahlstelle [und die Berechnungsstelle] 
☐ 
Calculation Agent: 
[insert name and address]]54
Berechnungsstelle: 
[Angabe von Name und Adresse]]55
§ 13 Notices 
§ 13 Mitteilungen 
☐
Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com)56
Internetseite der Wertpapierbörse Luxemburg 
(www.luxse.com)57
☐ 
Notification to the Clearing System 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem 
50 
Only to be completed in case of Fixed Rate Notes. 
51
Nur zu vervollständigen im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen.
52 
Only to be completed in case of Fixed Rate Notes. 
53
Nur zu vervollständigen im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen.
54 
Only to be inserted for an issue of Floating Rate Notes and Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Notes. 
55
Nur einzusetzen bei Emissionen von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen und Schuldverschreibungen mit fest-zu-variablem Zinssatz.
56 
Only in the case of Notes which are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
57 
Nur im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die in der offiziellen Liste der Luxemburger Börse notiert werden.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
☐ 
Federal Gazette 
Bundesanzeiger 
§ 15 Language58
§ 15 Sprache59
☐ 
German and English, German binding 
Deutsch und Englisch, Deutsch bindend 
☐
German and English, English binding
Deutsch und Englisch, Englisch bindend 
☐
German only
Nur Deutsch 
☐ 
English only 
Nur Englisch 
58 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. 
59 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION 
TEIL II – ANDERE INFORMATIONEN 
Listing and admission to trading 
Börsennotierung und Zulassung zum Handel 
☐ 
Regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Börse 
☐ 
Other market: 
[give details]
Anderer Markt: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]
Date of admission: 
[insert date]
Datum der Zulassung: 
[Angabe des Datums]
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to 
trading: 
[give details]
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum 
Handel: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]
☐
Not admitted to trading 
Nicht zum Handel zugelassen 
Rating of the Notes 
Rating der Schuldverschreibungen 
☐ 
The Notes to be issued have been rated as follows60
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden wie folgt geratet61
☐ 
Moody's: 
[●] 
☐ 
S&P: 
[●] 
☐ 
Fitch: 
[●] 
☐
[Other]62: 
[●] 
☐ 
The Notes have not been rated. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden nicht geratet. 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue
Interessen von natürlichen oder juristischen Personen, die bei der Emission beteiligt sind
☐
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer, except that 
certain Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, and borrowers from and creditors of the Issuer or its affiliates. In 
addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer or its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business.]
[Soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist, hat keine Person, die bei der Emission der Schuldverschreibungen beteiligt ist, 
Interessen, die für das Angebot von wesentlicher Bedeutung sind, außer, dass bestimmte Platzeure und mit ihnen 
verbundene Unternehmen Kunden und Kreditnehmer oder Kreditgeber der Emittentin oder mit ihr verbundener 
Unternehmen sein können. Außerdem sind bestimmte Platzeure an Investment Banking- oder Commercial Banking-
Transaktionen mit der Emittentin oder mit ihr verbundenen Unternehmen beteiligt, oder könnten sich in Zukunft daran 
beteiligen, und könnten im gewöhnlichen Geschäftsverkehr Dienstleistungen für die Emittentin oder mit ihr verbundene 
Unternehmen erbringen.]
60 
Include brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has previously been published by the rating provider. 
61 
Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings aufnehmen, sofern zuvor von der Ratingagentur veröffentlicht. 
62 
Indicate whether the rating agency is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
Angabe, ob die Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Union hat und gemäß der CRA-Verordnung registriert ist.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
☐ 
Other interest (specify): 
[specify details]
Andere Interessen (angeben): 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
Use of Proceeds and Yield 
Verwendung der Emissionserlöse und Rendite 
Use of proceeds:63
[The net proceeds from this issuance of Notes will be used for 
general corporate and financing purposes of the Group.] [An 
amount equal to the net proceeds from this issuance of the 
Notes will be used to finance or re-finance, in whole or in part, 
Eligible Green Projects in accordance with the Talanx Green 
Bond Framework established by the Group.]
[specify details]
Verwendung der Emissionserlöse:64
[Der 
Nettoerlös 
aus 
dieser 
Emission 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen wird für allgemeine Unternehmens- 
und Finanzierungszwecke der Gruppe eingesetzt.] [Ein Betrag, 
der 
dem 
Nettoerlös 
aus 
dieser 
Emission 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht, wird zur vollständigen oder 
teilweisen Finanzierung oder Refinanzierung von Geeigneten 
Grünen Projekten ("Eligible Green Projects") gemäß dem 
"Talanx Green Bond Framework" der Gruppe verwendet.] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag des Emissionserlöses: 
[●] 
Yield:65
[●][Not applicable] 
Rendite:66
[●][Nicht anwendbar] 
Selling Restrictions and Stabilisation 
Verkaufsbeschränkungen und Stabilisierung 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors:67
[Applicable][Not applicable]
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im EWR:68
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar]
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors:69
[Applicable][Not applicable]
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger in GB:70
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[None][give name]
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[Keiner][Angabe des Namens]
Security Codes and Eurosystem eligibility 
63 
See paragraph "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from general financing purposes of Talanx include those reasons 
here. 
64 
Siehe Abschnitt "Use of Proceeds" im Basisprospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allgemeinen Finanzierungszwecken von Talanx bestehen, 
sind die Gründe hier anzugeben. 
65 
Not required in the case of Floating Rate Notes. 
66
Nicht erforderlich im Falle von variabel verzinsten Schuldverschreibungen.
67 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no 
KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified. 
68 
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen 
"verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
69 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information document will be prepared 
in the United Kingdom, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified. 
70
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen sind "verpackte" Produkte und es wird ein KID im 
Vereinigten Königreich erstellt, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein 
KID vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
Wertpapierkennung und EZB-Fähigkeit 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
WKN: 
[●] 
[CFI:]
[●] 
[FISN:]
[●] 
[Any other security number:]
[●] 
[Sonstige Wertpapierkennung:]
[●] 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No]
New Global Note: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] [Not applicable in the case of a Classical Global 
Note]
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden: 
[Ja] [Nein] [Nicht anwendbar im Falle einer Classical Global 
Note]
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper, and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]71
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier lediglich bedeutet, 
dass die Wertpapiere nach ihrer Begebung bei einem der 
ICSDs als gemeinsamen Verwahrer verwahrt werden und es 
bedeutet 
nicht 
notwendigerweise, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) des Eurosystems 
entweder nach Begebung oder zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB abhängen, dass die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt werden.]72
[Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper (and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper). 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]73
[Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen mit "Nein" festgelegt wurde, können sich die 
71 
Include explanation in the case of an NGN deposited with one of the ICSDs. 
72 
Erläuterung einfügen im Falle einer durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN. 
73 
Include explanation in the case of an NGN not deposited with one of the ICSDs.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die Zukunft derart ändern, 
dass die Schuldverschreibungen fähig sein werden diese 
einzuhalten. Die Schuldverschreibungen können dann bei einer 
der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwahrer hinterlegt (und auf den 
Namen eines Nominees von einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamer 
Verwahrer eingetragen) werden. Es ist zu beachten, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen selbst dann nicht notwendigerweise als 
geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des 
Eurosystems und der taggleichen Überziehungen (intraday 
credit operations) des Eurosystems zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB abhängen, dass die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt werden.]74
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main and that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.]75
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier lediglich bedeutet, 
dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung von 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main verwahrt werden 
und dass die Schuldverschreibungen bei ihrer Begebung, zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit oder während 
ihrer gesamten Laufzeit nicht notwendigerweise als EZB-
fähige 
Sicherheiten 
anerkannt 
werden. 
Eine 
solche 
Anerkennung hängt davon ab, ob die Zulässigkeitskriterien des 
Eurosystems erfüllt sind.]76
[Listing application 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list the issue of Notes described herein pursuant to the Euro 
5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of Talanx Aktiengesellschaft on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.]
[Antrag auf Börsennotierung 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten die Details, die erforderlich sind, um die hierin beschriebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen des Euro 5.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme der Talanx Aktiengesellschaft an der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse zu notieren.]
Authorisation
The issue of this Series of Notes was authorised by a resolution of Board of Management of the Issuer passed on [●]. 
Genehmigung
Die Emission dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen wurde durch einen Beschluss des Vorstands der Emittentin vom [●]
genehmigt. 
[Third Party Information 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms that any 
such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information 
74
Erläuterung einfügen im Falle einer nicht durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN.
75 
Include explanation in the case of Notes deposited with CBF. 
76 
Erläuterung einfügen im Falle einer Verwahrung der Schuldverschreibungen durch CBF.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility 
for the accuracy thereof. The following sources were used [●].]
[Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt Folgendes: (i) Die 
Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und – soweit es der Emittentin bekannt 
ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen 
wurden, deren Fehlen die reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin 
hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit. Folgende 
Quellen wurden verwendet [●].]
Signed on behalf of 
Talanx Aktiengesellschaft 
By: 
_________________ 
Duly authorised 
By: 
_________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 164 ---
164 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
Overview 
The Talanx Group operates as a multi-brand provider in the insurance and financial services sector and is headed by the 
Hannover-based financial and management holding company Talanx AG. Its major shareholder is HDI Haftpflichtverband der 
Deutschen Industrie Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit ("HDI V.a.G."), a mutual insurance company. 
Group companies transact the insurance lines and classes specified in the Ordinance Concerning the Reporting by Insurance 
Undertakings 
to 
the 
Federal 
Insurance 
Supervisory 
Office 
(Verordnung 
über 
die 
Berichterstattung 
von 
Versicherungsunternehmen gegenüber der Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht - BerVersV), in some cases in 
direct written insurance business and in some cases in reinsurance business, with various areas of specialisation: life insurance, 
accident insurance, liability insurance, motor insurance, aviation insurance (including space insurance), industrial legal 
protection insurance, fire insurance, burglary insurance, water damage insurance, plate glass insurance, windstorm insurance, 
comprehensive householders insurance, comprehensive homeowners insurance, hail insurance, livestock insurance, 
engineering insurance, omnium insurance, marine insurance, credit and surety business (reinsurance only), extended coverage 
for fire and fire loss of profits insurance, business interruption insurance, travel assistance insurance, aviation and space 
liability insurance, other property insurance, other indemnity insurance. 
The Talanx Group is active in about 175 countries altogether. In retail business Germany is one of Talanx Group's major 
markets, while internationally the principal focus lies with markets within the growth regions of Central and Eastern Europe 
and Türkiye and Latin America. Industrial and especially reinsurance lines are also transacted in a number of other markets, 
including North America, South Africa, Australia and some Asian countries. 
Talanx Aktiengesellschaft 
Incorporation, Corporate Seat, Duration, Corporate Purposes and Regulation 
Talanx Aktiengesellschaft ("Talanx" or the "Issuer" and, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Talanx Group" or 
the "Group") was incorporated as a stock corporation under German law on 22 August 1991 in Hannover, Germany, under 
the name "HDI Lebensversicherung AG". Later, it became a holding company and was renamed "HDI Beteiligung 
Aktiengesellschaft". In 1998, the Issuer received its current name. The registered office of Talanx is at HDI-Platz 1, 30659 
Hannover, Germany (Tel. +49 511 37470). The Issuer is registered with the Commercial Register of the Local Court 
(Amtsgericht) Hannover under registration number HRB 52546. It operates under German law. 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") of the Issuer is 5299006ZIILJ6VJVSJ32. 
The duration of the Issuer is unlimited. 
The corporate object of the Issuer, as laid out in the articles of association, is to lead an international group of companies, 
which are active in the areas of insurance and reinsurance as well as financial services. In addition, the Issuer may, pursuant 
to its corporate purpose, conduct investment activities, reinsurance and service business. The Issuer is authorised to perform 
all transactions and to take all measures that appear suitable to pursue the corporate object. The Issuer may found, acquire, 
participate or sell shares in other entities of the same or similar nature as well as control such entities or limit its business 
operation to the administration of shareholdings. The Issuer may transfer all or parts of its business operations to affiliated 
entities. 
The Issuer is in the first place a holding company for Talanx Group. In addition, as of 1 January 2019 the Issuer also operates 
as a Group-internal reinsurer for its primary insurance subsidiaries. 
Announcements of the Issuer are published in the Federal Gazette of Germany (Bundesanzeiger). 
Share Capital, Shares, Major Shareholders and Dividends 
Share Capital 
The issued share capital of the Issuer amounts to EUR 322,786,238.75 consisting of 258,228,991 no-par value registered shares 
(auf den Namen lautende Stückaktien). The shares are fully paid up. 
Major Shareholders 
HDI V.a.G. is the major shareholder of Talanx and directly holds 76.74% of issued share capital and the voting rights of the 
Issuer. Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Company, Tokyo, Japan with whom there has been a strategic alliance since 4 November

--- Page 165 ---
165 
2010, holds less than 5% of the shares in the Issuer. Approximately 23% (including employee shares) of the shares in Talanx 
are held in free float. 
Due to various aspects, there is no abuse of this control with respect to HDI V.a.G. holding 76.74% of issued share capital and 
the voting rights of the Issuer conceivable. On the one hand, the Supervisory Board is composed of equal numbers of members 
and also includes employee representatives, while on the other hand HDI V.a.G. is a mutual insurance company 
(Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit) and as such it is entirely owned by the policyholders themselves, so that the 
customers have the decisive influence. In addition, HDI V.a.G. is regulated by BaFin. 
History and Development of Talanx Group 
The Issuer is the central holding company within the Talanx Group. Its major shareholder is HDI V.a.G., a mutual insurance 
company founded in 1903 as a self-help organisation by the German industry. Talanx is the only material participation of HDI 
V.a.G., the ultimate parent whose practically only function is – after restructuring and transferring all of its private and 
industrial insurance business into HDI Privat Versicherung AG (now: HDI Versicherung AG) and HDI Industrie Versicherung 
AG (now: HDI Global SE) in 2001 and 2003, respectively – the holding of the Talanx Group. 
The Talanx Group consists of Talanx which holds all of the Talanx Group's operating subsidiaries. The Talanx Group has 
consistently held and continues to hold a strong position in industrial insurance and other areas of property and casualty 
insurance, as well as in the reinsurance business through Hannover Rück SE ("Hannover Re"). 
In the early 1990s, one of the Talanx Group's main strategic focuses was to build up and develop its life and other personal 
insurance lines businesses and to expand its life and direct insurance operations internationally. This is in part due to the Talanx 
Group's desire to strengthen its activities outside of the highly competitive non-life insurance market in Germany and to 
balance the risk profile inherent in the Talanx Group's domestic business. 
In order to finance its growth, the Talanx Group sold a part of its holding in Hannover Re in 1994 in the course of an initial 
public offering and another part in 2004 in the course of a secondary public offering. At the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Talanx holds a participation of 50.2% in Hannover Re. 
In 2006 Talanx acquired Gerling Beteiligungs-GmbH and its subsidiaries ("Gerling Group"), which has been active in 
property/casualty insurance as well as in life insurance. The Gerling Group writes both retail and customers as well as with 
commercial and industrial lines. 
With a view to align the organisation of the Group's primary business with customers' requirements and enhancing customer 
satisfaction, the previous two-way business unit split into "Property/Casualty Primary Insurance" and "Life Primary Insurance" 
was replaced in the Talanx Group effective 1 January 2011 with a three-way split geared to customer groups: 
1. On 1 January 2011 HDI Deutschland AG (formerly Talanx Deutschland AG) commenced operations as the umbrella 
company for the new division of Retail Germany. 
2. At the same time the Retail International division was grouped below HDI International AG (formerly Talanx International 
AG). 
3. The division of the Industrial Lines was continued to be headed by HDI-Gerling Industrie Versicherung AG (now: HDI 
Global SE). 
With admission to trading of the Talanx shares on 2 October 2012, Talanx concluded its IPO successfully. The IPO consisted 
of initial public offerings in the Federal Republic of Germany and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and private placements 
in selected other jurisdictions. 
The Issuer is centrally responsible for developing the Talanx Group's strategy, is actively managing its participations and is 
providing access to the capital markets. 
On 1 January 2019 Talanx obtained the reinsurance license from the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) and 
started to underwrite reinsurance risk as intragroup reinsurer. Talanx will pool the reinsurance requirements for primary 
insurance at the holding company in order to profit from diversification effects throughout the Talanx Group. Both S&P and 
A.M. Best subsequently raised Talanx's issuer rating by two grades. Future effects will focus particularly on investing capital 
more efficiently within the Talanx Group.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
The Issuer's Business 
Overview 
Talanx is a major German and European insurance group with a global footprint. With over 100 years of experience in the 
insurance business, it operates as a multi-brand provider of many types of primary insurance and reinsurance. Talanx offers a 
comprehensive range of products in the areas of property/casualty and life insurance as well as non-life and life/health 
reinsurance. The Group operates in more than 40 countries worldwide through its subsidiaries or branches. Including its 
cooperation arrangements, the Group is active in about 175 countries. Industrial insurance and reinsurance products are offered 
worldwide. The largest footprint for the Group's retail business is in Germany, but the Group has been significantly increasing 
its international retail business in recent years, particularly in growing economies in Central and Eastern Europe, Türkiye and 
Latin America. 
Talanx's brands include HDI, which offers insurance solutions for industrial and retail customers in Germany and abroad, 
Hannover Re, German bancassurance specialists TARGO Versicherungen, Lifestyle Protection and neue leben, together with 
the well-known Polish insurance brands, Europa and WARTA as well as the investment fund and asset management provider 
Ampega Asset Management GmbH. 
The primary insurance business of Talanx is split into three divisions that are geared towards customer groups: Industrial 
Lines, Retail Germany and Retail International. Reinsurance is offered primarily through the publicly listed subsidiary 
Hannover Re and is split into the Property/Casualty Reinsurance and the Life/Health Reinsurance segments. Corporate 
Operations comprises management and other functional activities in support of the business conducted by the Group. It 
includes Talanx, which primarily performs strategic duties and partially has reinsurance business activities on its own, taking 
over the role of an intragroup reinsurer. Talanx pools the reinsurance requirements for primary insurance at the holding 
company in order to profit from diversification effects throughout the Group. The Group's asset management companies, its 
internal reinsurance broker Talanx Reinsurance Broker GmbH, HDI AG and Ampega Management GmbH as well as asset 
management for private and institutional investors outside the Group which is done by Ampega Investment GmbH also belongs 
to this division. 
As of 30 June 2024, the Group employed a total of approximately 29,572 people. In the first half of 2024, the Group recorded 
an insurance revenue of EUR 23,606 million (compared with EUR 20,862 million in the first half of 2023) and generated 
operating profits (EBIT) of EUR 2,515 million (compared with EUR 1,957 million in the first half of 2023). Group net income 
attributable to Talanx shareholders was EUR 1,090 million in the first half of 2024 (compared with EUR 827 million in the 
first half of 2023). Total consolidated assets stood at EUR 173,972 million as of 30 June 2024, up from EUR 169,347 million 
as of 31 December 2023. 
Industrie-
versicherung 
Privat- und Firmen-
versicherung 
International 
Dienstleistungen 
im Bereich 
Finanzen 
Privat- und Firmen-
versicherung 
Deutschland 
Rück-
versicherung

--- Page 167 ---
167 
Across the divisions, the domestic German market still accounts for the majority share of insurance revenues, but its importance 
is steadily declining as the Group proceeds with its strategy of diversifying into new markets, most notably the growth regions 
of Central and Eastern Europe, Türkiye and Latin America. The following table shows the regional breakdown of insurance 
revenues of the Talanx Group as of 30 June 2024 and 2024: 
Insurance revenue by region 
(in %) 
As of 30 June 
2024 
2023 
(unaudited) 
Germany ............................................................................... 
15 
15 
United Kingdom ................................................................... 
10 
10 
Central and Eastern Europe (CEE), including Türkiye ......... 
9 
5 
Rest of Europe ...................................................................... 
12 
13 
United States ........................................................................ 
24 
27 
Rest of North America.......................................................... 
4 
4 
Latin America ....................................................................... 
13 
9 
Asia and Australia ................................................................ 
12 
14 
Africa ................................................................................... 
1 
1 
Industrial Lines 
The Industrial Lines division is coordinated by the Group's wholly-owned subsidiary HDI Global SE. In the first half of 2024, 
the division accounted for an insurance revenue of EUR 4,798 million (compared with EUR 4,221 million in the first half of 
2023). The Industrial Lines division underwrites on a worldwide level through Talanx primary insurance entities (subsidiaries, 
dependent branches and affiliated companies) and is additionally capable to provide services through network partners in more 
than 100 countries. Outside Europe, a major proportion of the revenue is generated in North America, while growth drivers 
mainly stem from increasing insurance demand in Asia. As an internationally operating industrial insurer HDI Global SE 
supports its clients at home and abroad with bespoke solutions optimally attuned to the needs of its customers. Industrial Lines 
division operates worldwide and, insofar as possible, it is independent of third companies and is therefore able to lead 
international consortia through its own companies. HDI Global Specialty SE provides a wide range of bespoke insurance 
solutions to industrial companies, groups and small and medium-sized enterprises. Corporate and industrial clients in Germany 
and abroad profit from decades of experience in risk assessment and risk management, since complex risks in industry and 
mid-sized business necessitate special protection. Comprehensive insurance solutions are realised using individually tailored 
coverage concepts, thereby offering the complete spectrum of products to protect against entrepreneurial risks. Just as 
importantly, thanks to its long-standing experience and proven expertise HDI Global SE provides professional claims 
management that can deliver immediate assistance worldwide in the event of loss or damage. 
Retail Germany 
The Retail Germany division, headed by HDI Deutschland AG, brings together Talanx's German business with private and 
commercial retail customers as well as all German bancassurance activities, and offers domestic customers comprehensive 
insurance protection. In the life insurance sector, the division is also active in Austria through cross-border insurance services. 
The division's product spectrum ranges from non-life insurances through life insurance and retirement provision to complete 
solutions for small and mid-sized enterprises and independent professionals. The Group distributes these products using a wide 
range of channels, including tied agents' networks as well as independent intermediaries and multiple agents, direct sales and 
bancassurance cooperations. In the first half of 2024, the segment Property/Casualty Insurance recorded an insurance revenue 
of EUR 896 million (compared with EUR 861 million the first half of 2023). The segment Life Insurance recorded an insurance 
revenue in the first half of 2024 of EUR 898 million (compared with EUR 861 million the first half of 2023). 
Retail International 
The Group's Retail International division, headed by HDI International AG, brings together the activities of the companies 
transacting retail business and business with small and medium-sized companies in property/casualty insurance, life insurance 
and bancassurance in markets outside Germany. The division serves customers in 10 countries, with a particular geographical

--- Page 168 ---
168 
focus on the growth regions in Central and Eastern Europe, Türkiye and Latin America. In this division, Talanx offers 
predominantly to private and commercial customers comprehensive insurance protection, generating an insurance revenue of 
EUR 4,595 million in the first half of 2024 (compared with EUR 3,087 million in the first half of 2023). The product range 
comprises, inter alia, motor, property and casualty, marine and fire insurance as well as various products in the life insurance 
sector. The division has an experienced management and considerable underwriting expertise. By drawing upon local, 
industry-specific know-how and presence through an extended distribution network, Talanx is able to identify the particular 
requirements of its customers and provide customised solutions in these 10 markets. The foreign business is to a large extent 
written through brokers and agents. In addition, many of the companies also use banks as a sales channel. 
Reinsurance 
The Group conducts its Property and Casualty as well as its Life and Health Reinsurance principally through its subsidiary 
Hannover Re which is majority-owned by Talanx. 
The Property and Casualty Reinsurance segment is active on a global scale and writes virtually all classes of non-life 
reinsurance both on an obligatory basis (treaty reinsurance) and on a facultative basis (single risk reinsurance), generating an 
insurance revenue of EUR 9,099 million in the first half of 2024 (compared with EUR 8,365 million in the first half of 2023). 
The Group's Life/Health Reinsurance segment brings together the Group's reinsurance activities in the risk categories 
Mortality, Longevity and Morbidity as well as in the Financial Solutions business under the worldwide Hannover Re brand 
name. This segment recorded an insurance revenue of EUR 3,817 million in the first half of 2024 (compared with EUR 3,908 
million in the first half of 2023).
Sustainability / ESG 
Climate change is making our world increasingly vulnerable and is changing our reality. As a leading global insurer, Talanx 
is strongly committed to taking its responsibility to seriously contribute to a sustainable future. At the same time, being a 
global group whose local subsidiaries have deep roots in their home locations, living up to its responsibility to communities 
and society is particularly important for Talanx. 
Against this background, Talanx continuously expands its sustainability strategy and has embedded ESG aspects even more 
firmly in its business model and corporate governance during this reporting period. 
Talanx's sustainability strategy comprises concrete action areas, goals and measures, and serves to ensure that its operations 
are aligned with environmental and social challenges. Especially for the "E" perspective, it focuses on the Group's core business 
activities: asset management, underwriting and own operations. 
Talanx's sustainability strategy includes the following focus areas and ESG targets: 
(i)
Social focus, especially diversity, (employee) education; 
(ii)
25% reduction of Scope 177 and Scope 278 greenhouse gas emissions compared to the 2019 baseline in Germany 
by 2025 and net zero emission globally by 2030;  
(iii)
30% reduction in the carbon intensity of the liquid portfolio compared to the 2019 baseline by 2025 (achieved 
2023 with a 34% reduction compared to 2019) and net zero in investments by 2050; and 
(iv)
Withdrawal from thermal coal risks by 2038, different oil and gas exclusions and net zero by 2050 in 
underwriting. 
Reducing its own carbon footprint is a high priority for Talanx. Since 2019, the Group has been carbon neutral (including 
offsetting) in its own operations in Germany, where more than 38% of its global workforce are employed and plans to achieve 
this milestone worldwide by 2030. In the reporting period, the Group was able to achieve its 2025 reduction goal for German 
operations with a 38% reduction of Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions in comparison with the 2019 baseline.   
In its underwriting business, Talanx is committed to supporting the industry and the economy in their sustainable 
transformation. On the one hand, the Group is a leading insurer of sustainable business models like wind, photovoltaic and 
geothermal energy as well as related grid and storage infrastructure or hydrogen-based technologies. On the other hand, Talanx 
has further complemented its clear position towards fossil fuels. In addition to restricting the insurance coverage for oil and 
gas projects in 2023, the Group has now brought forward the exit from existing oil sands risks from 2038 to the end of 2025.  
77 
Scope 1 is defined as follows: direct emissions from sources owned or controlled by the organisation (liquid or gas fossil fuels, owned and leased vehicles, 
and refrigerants emitted by cooling systems).  
78 
Scope 2 is defined as follows: indirect emissions from purchased or acquired energy (electricity, district heating, steam and cooling water).

--- Page 169 ---
169 
In asset management Talanx has clear screening criteria in place as well, e.g., with respect to thermal coal companies and 
Arctic drilling. In 2023, Talanx decided to also exclude new investments for its liquid portfolio in issuers that generate 25% 
or more of their revenues from oil production and transportation (upstream/midstream). Equally, new investments in issuers 
who generate 25% or more of their revenues from fracking of shale gas and/or oil are excluded. Furthermore, the Group has 
developed an internal scoring to assess ESG profiles of its investments, and actively engages with selected issuers. 
Talanx's social activities are mostly organised on a local basis and focus on the dimensions of its strategic framework: 
"Employee's Journey", which is aimed at the own workforce, "Diversity, Equity & Inclusion", as well as on projects promoting 
access to education and infrastructure. In order to strengthen the social criteria applied in underwriting, Talanx decided during 
the reporting period that it will not support new projects if it becomes aware in advance that the free, prior and informed 
consent (FPIC) of affected indigenous peoples has not been obtained. 
Furthermore, Talanx has completed its first Group-wide risk analysis in accordance with the requirements of the German 
Supply Chain Due Diligence Act. 
As an integral part of the Group's business strategy, sustainability is also firmly embedded in its governance structures. Three 
Supervisory Board members have been appointed as sustainability experts. In parallel, the divisions are reinforcing the 
importance of sustainability by expanding their own ESG teams. 
Structure of the Talanx Group 
The Talanx Group is headed by Talanx AG with its registered office in Hannover, Germany. The following chart provides an 
overview (main participations only of the direct and indirect shareholdings of the Talanx Group as of 31 December 2023:

--- Page 170 ---
170

--- Page 171 ---
171 
As of the date of this Prospectus, a direct control and profit transfer agreement is in place between Talanx as the controlling 
entity and the following companies: 

Ampega Asset Management GmbH  

HDI AG  

HDI Deutschland AG  

HDI Global SE  

HDI International AG  

Talanx Reinsurance Broker GmbH 
Regulatory capital adequacy 
The definition and calculation of eligible own funds and capital requirements are governed by the Solvency II rules that came 
into force on 1 January 2016. For the calculation Talanx uses a full internal model (Talanx Enterprise Risk Model – "TERM") 
that has been approved by the supervisory authority. This takes account of all quantifiable risks under Solvency II. In the 
Solvency II view the group headed by HDI V.a.G. ("HDI Group") is considered. The solvency capital requirement and the 
eligible own funds are calculated and reported on the basis of fully consolidated data of the so-called risk kernel – that is the 
Talanx Group including non-controlling interests. As the HDI V.a.G. itself does not run substantial insurance business, nearly 
all risks to be covered are already comprised in the Talanx Group. The Talanx Group is the dominant component of the HDI 
Group's risk profile. The HDI Group eligible own funds as well as the capital requirements are based on the market value 
balance sheet ("MVBS") approach as the major economic principle of the Solvency II rules. 
Solvency II foresees transitional measures to allow EEA entities to gradually move to a full implementation of Solvency II 
over a period of time. The application of transitional measures on technical provisions reduces the Solvency II MVBS value 
of technical provisions. The reduction is, in principle, calculated based on the difference between the value of technical 
provisions under Solvency I and their value under the current Solvency II regime, as per 1 January 2016. The effect of the 
application of transitional measures on technical provisions decreases over time until 1 January 2032, when such measures 
will cease to have an effect on the MVBS. The base amount by which technical provisions can be reduced, and by which the 
excess of assets over liabilities (MVBS) is increased, is calculated based on a portion of the difference between the value of 
technical provisions under Solvency I and that under the current Solvency II regime, as per 1 January 2016. The maximum 
deductible portion of this base amount decreases linearly from 100% during the year starting from 1 January 2016 to zero on 
1 January 2032. BaFin can request a recalculation of the benefit from transitional measures on technical provisions every 
24 months, or more frequently where the risk profile of the relevant undertakings has materially changed. Such a recalculation 
may result in a faster reduction of the deductible amount, and hence lower solvency ratios, than is the case under the current 
calculation methodology. BaFin has requested a recalculation of the transitional measure relating to the technical provisions. 
The recalculation was based on cut-off date 31 December 2023 and the updated values replaced the current values for cut-off 
date 30 June 2024 onwards. The request is a consequence of the current higher interest rate regime. The recalculation reduced 
the transitional measures to zero for all German life entities. The reduction consequently lowered the regulatory Solvency II 
ratio of both the HDI Group and Talanx AG. 
TERM permits consistent risk modelling and measurement both for subsidiaries and for the HDI Group as a whole, using a 
combination of event models and corporate models. Event models form the landscape of the risk factors (e.g. specific natural 
catastrophes or interest rate risks) of the HDI Group. Corporate models are based on event models to build solvency balance 
sheets for the undertakings being analysed. This allows an assessment of the consequences of potential adverse events for the 
solvency balance sheet. 
TERM uses Monte Carlo simulations to forecast the solvency balance sheets for the individual undertakings and to consolidate 
them on a HDI Group-wide basis. A one-year horizon is used for the projected distributions produced for the components and 
for the net solvency balance sheet amount. 
This allows to determine the Solvency Capital Requirement ("SCR") for all quantifiable risks under Solvency II. 
The relationship between SCR and eligible own funds is expressed using the concept of excess cover or Solvency II ratio:

--- Page 172 ---
172 
HDI Group: Solvency II regulatory capitalisation (including transitionals) 
EUR million 
30 June 20241 
30 June 2023 
31 December 2023 
Eligible own funds 
26,696 
27,776 
28,712 
Capital requirement 
12,258 
11,219 
11,849 
Capitalisation ratio 
218% 
248% 
242% 
1
Does not include any deduction for the financial year 2024 dividend to be paid in 2025, which differs from the 
regulatory view that requires the deduction of the full-year dividend. Accrual of dividend for 2024 would impact the 
S2 ratio by ~ 1-2%-pts.
The values shown above are including transitional measures, which are currently zero for values for cut-off date 30 June 2024. 
HDI Group: Solvency II regulatory capitalisation (excluding transitionals) 
EUR million 
30 June 20241 
30 June 2023 
31 December 2023 
Eligible own funds 
26,696 
24,509 
25,813 
Capital requirement 
12,258 
11,305 
12,026 
Capitalisation ratio 
218% 
217% 
215% 
1
Does not include any deduction for the financial year 2024 dividend to be paid in 2025, which differs from the 
regulatory view that requires the deduction of the full-year dividend. Accrual of dividend for 2024 would impact the 
S2 ratio by ~ 1-2%-pts.
Risk profiles are used to depict aggregated risk factors that are subsumed under generic concepts such as "underwriting risk". 
The following bar chart shows the HDI Group's material risk categories, based on the internal model. The HDI Group's risk 
profile contains the following key risk categories: 
- Market and credit risk 
- Underwriting risk – non-life, and particularly natural catastrophe risk 
- Underwriting risk life 
HDI GROUP'S SOLVENCY CAPITAL REQUIREMENT BY RISK CATEGORY (REGULATORY 
VIEW) 
EUR million
30 June 2024
30 June 2023
31 December 2023
Market risk non-life and reinsurance 
9,654
8,508
9,031
Market risk primary life 
1,909
2,019
2,258
Pension risk 
428
429
430
Credit risk (counterparty default risk) 
490
576
533
Premium and reserve risk non-life (excl. NatCat) 
5,992
5,435
5,754
Natural catastrophe risk 
4,809
4,112
4,809
Underwriting risk life 
3,229
3,317
3,368
Operational risk 
1,388
1,162
1,303

--- Page 173 ---
173 
Loss absorbing capacity of deferred taxes 
-3,637
-3,422
-3,378
Total components, undiversified 
24,260
22,135
24,108
Diversification 
-12,124
-11,036
-12,381
Capital requirements for other financial sectors 
122
119
122
Solvency Capital Requirement 
12,258
11,219
11,849
Diversification plays a crucial role in defining overall risk: the geographical spread and business diversity allows to reduce the 
risk by roughly 50%. As the key risk categories shown above are only loosely correlated for intrinsic reasons, this high degree 
of diversification is well founded and is based on intrinsic rather than on theoretical model considerations. 
Regulatory capital requirements are compared with eligible own funds. In addition to the volume of own funds, investment 
liquidity is particularly important. The HDI Group uses appropriate limits to ensure it has a comfortable liquidity position. For 
supervisory purposes, eligible own funds are broken down into different quality categories. This process is known as "tiering". 
The following table shows that 88% of the HDI Group's own funds are assigned to the highest quality tier. This means that the 
HDI Group has extremely generous levels of high-quality own funds. 
BREAKDOWN OF HDI GROUP'S OWN FUNDS (REGULATORY VIEW) 
In %
30 June 20241 
30 June 2023 
31 December 2023
Tier 1 (unrestricted) 
87
88
88
Tier 1 (restricted) 
1
1
1
Tier 2 
11
10
10
Tier 3 
1
1
1
1
Does not include any deduction for the financial year 2024 dividend to be paid in 2025, which differs from the regulatory view that requires 
the deduction of the full-year dividend. Accrual of dividend for 2024 would impact the S2 ratio by ~ 1-2%-pts.
Talanx AG 
The solvency capital requirement (SCR) of Talanx AG is determined with internal model since 30 September 2023. The risk 
profile of Talanx AG is predominantly defined by the holding of participations. The remaining risks are, compared with risk 
from participations, relatively low. The capital adequacy ratio for Talanx AG is at a very comfortable level, as can be seen 
from the table below. 
Talanx AG: Solvency II regulatory capitalisation 
EUR million 
30 June 20241 
30 June 2023
(partial internal 
model) 
31 December 2023
Own funds 
22,715 
23,249 
24,050 
Capital requirement 
10,896 
9,101 
9,933 
Capitalisation ratio 
208% 
255% 
242% 
1 
Does not include any deduction for the financial year 2024 dividend to be paid in 2025, which differs from the 
regulatory view that requires the deduction of the full-year dividend.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
The composition of SCR of Talanx AG is shown in the table below. 
SCR of Talanx AG 
EUR million
30 June 2024
30 June 2023 
(partial internal 
model) 
31 December 2023
Market risk 
10,974
8,751
9,853
Counterparty default risk 
33
1381
33
Non-life underwriting risk 
222
3302
226
Operational risk 
198
225
198
Loss-absorbing capacity of deferred taxes 
-199
—
-208
Total components, undiversified 
11,228
9,444
10,103
Diversification 
-333
-343
-170
Solvency Capital Requirement 
10,896
9,101
9,933
1 
Counterparty default risk according to standard formula. 
2 
Sum of total health underwriting risk and total non-life underwriting risk according to standard formula.
The solvency capital requirement is driven significantly by the risk from participations, held by Talanx AG as finance and 
management holding. 
Material Contracts 
EUR 250,000,000 Multicurrency Revolving Facility Agreement dated 2 May 2024 
On 2 May 2024, Talanx AG, Barclays Bank Ireland PLC as facility agent and original lender, Citibank Europe PLC (Germany 
Branch), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A., HSBC Continental Europe S.A. (Germany), ING Bank N.V., J.P. Morgan SE, 
National Westminster Bank PLC and Natixis Zweigniederlassung Deutschland as further original lenders entered into a 
revolving facility agreement, pursuant to which the lenders made available to Talanx and members of the Talanx Group (but 
excluding the Hannover Re Group) a revolving credit facility in the amount of EUR 250,000,000 for a period of five years. 
The facility can be drawn in euros. Each loan may be used for the Talanx Group's general corporate purposes. The borrower 
has to pay interest in arrears at a rate amounting to the aggregate of the applicable margin, EURIBOR and mandatory costs. 
The initial margin is set at 0.175% per annum and will subsequently be adjusted on the basis of Talanx's credit rating (i.e., 
between a minimum margin of 0.15% per annum if the credit rating is AA- or better and a maximum margin of 0.40% per 
annum if Talanx's credit rating is BBB or lower). 
The lenders may, inter alia, terminate the agreement – which would result in Talanx and any other borrower being obliged to 
repay all outstanding loans under the facilities agreement – upon the occurrence of a change of control event, i.e., if any person 
or group of persons acting in concert other than HDI V.a.G. gains direct or indirect control over more than 50% of Talanx's 
voting shares or capital or similar control over the management of Talanx by way of a contractual agreement. The agreement 
also provides that the lenders may terminate the agreement if Talanx or its material subsidiaries fail to pay financial 
indebtedness when due, unless the amount is below EUR 30,000,000 (cross default). 
The agreement provides for certain customary restrictions (so-called covenants) which, inter alia, limit the ability of the Talanx 
Group in respect of disposals, mergers and the creation of security interests on its assets (negative pledge).

--- Page 175 ---
175 
General Agreement between Talanx AG and HDI V.a.G. concerning the issuance and subscription of mandatory 
convertible bonds dated 16 December 2021 
On 16 December 2021 Talanx AG concluded a general agreement with HDI V.a.G., which gives it the option of tendering 
subordinated registered bonds to HDI V.a.G. for subscription on a revolving basis for a period of five years and in the amount 
of EUR 750 million. The term of the bonds can be 1, 3, 6 or 12 months. Longer terms require the approval of HDI V.a.G. 
The bonds will be issued at their nominal amount. The interest rate for the bonds will be calculated at the time of the issuance 
as follows: the aggregate of EURIBOR (at least 0.00%), a margin between 0.175% and 0.375% depending on Talanx's credit 
rating, and an additional margin for the subordination of the bonds of 0.116%. 
The registered bonds are issued with a conditional conversion obligation which provides for a conversion into shares of Talanx 
if various conditions precedent have been fulfilled. These conditions precedent stipulate, inter alia, that a mandatory 
conversion takes place if Talanx implements a capital increase with subscription rights and HDI V.a.G. has waived its 
subscription right under the capital increase with subscription rights in the same amount in which they receive shares under 
the mandatory conversion. The conversion of the registered bonds will then be effected at the subscription price of the shares 
under the capital increase with subscription rights. 
Purchase Agreement to acquire the Liberty group's personal and small commercial business in Brazil, Chile, Colombia 
and Ecuador 
On 27 May 2023, Talanx announced that the Retail International division of the Talanx Group has signed a purchase agreement 
to acquire the Liberty group's personal and small commercial business in Brazil, Chile, Colombia and Ecuador (the "Liberty 
Seguros Acquisition") from Liberty Mutual Insurance Inc. 
Liberty Seguros Brazil holds a top 5 position in motor and a top 10 position in property/casualty after full year 2022. In 2022, 
the Brazilian company generated gross written premiums of 6.1 billion Brazilian real (EUR 1.1 billion), much of which was 
generated through a distribution network of 20,000 independent distributors. Liberty Seguros Chile offers non-life products 
and achieved a gross premium volume of 351 billion Chilean peso (EUR 0.4 billion) in 2022. Liberty Seguros Colombia's 
gross premium volume in 2022 was 1,127 billion Colombian peso (EUR 0.2 billion). Liberty Seguros Ecuador generated a 
gross premium volume of 33 million U.S. dollar (EUR 31 million) in 2022. 
The transaction includes Liberty Specialty Markets direct insurance business in Brazil, Chile and Colombia. The transaction 
does not include Liberty Specialty Markets facultative reinsurance, Liberty Mutual Reinsurance treaty reinsurance and Liberty 
Mutual Surety businesses which will continue to operate in Brazil, Chile and Colombia. 
On 22 November 2023, the Retail International division of the Talanx Group successfully closed its acquisition of the Liberty 
Seguros business with retail customers and small to mid-sized enterprises in Brazil and on 1 March 2024, the Retail 
International division of the Talanx Group successfully completed the acquisition of the business of Liberty Seguros in Chile, 
Colombia and Ecuador with retail customers and small to mid-sized enterprises. The total purchase price was approximately 
EUR 1.4 billion. 
Litigation and Arbitration Proceedings 
The companies of the Talanx Group participate in judicial and extra-judicial proceedings in Germany and abroad both as 
plaintiffs or petitioners and as defendants or respondents. The outcome of these proceedings is more or less uncertain. Please 
note that the proceedings described below do not include disputes related to insurance contracts written by the companies of 
the Talanx Group in the ordinary course of business and that only those proceedings deemed to be of material interest in the 
context of this Base Prospectus are explicitly mentioned. 
Aviation claims following the Russia-Ukraine War 
As a result of the Russia-Ukraine war, lawsuits have been filed against Group companies of Talanx in the United States, UK 
and Ireland claiming loss of aircrafts in Russia. Talanx Group companies provide coverage to aircraft lessors for their aircraft, 
engines and spares under various types of aviation policies (including lessor war and lessor all risk) as well as other insured 
under separate policies (for example, aircraft operators under operator war and operator all risk). The lawsuits are at an early 
stage, and we do not expect substantive rulings until later in 2024. 
PFAS Coverage Litigation 
In the United States, numerous lawsuits have been filed against manufacturers and distributors for the usage of perfluoroalkyl 
and polyfluoroalkyl substances ("PFAS") in their products. PFAS have been used in a large amount of consumer products. 
Due to their persistency, some PFAS continuously accumulate in various organisms, including humans. Talanx anticipates 
some of its Group companies to be subject to coverage actions by manufacturers and distributors over the next years. For the 
time being, it is not possible to predict the extent of potential liability arising out of such litigation and arbitration proceedings.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
Tax Treatment of Securities Lending Transactions 
Four Talanx life insurance companies have carried out various securities lending transactions in the past. There is disagreement 
with the German tax authorities regarding the tax treatment of some of these transactions. Talanx will defend itself against 
potential claims by the tax authorities. 
Board of Management 
The Board of Management currently consists of seven members. As of the date of this Base Prospectus the members and their 
responsibilities are: 
Name 
Responsibilities, Principal activities outside the Issuer 
Torsten Leue 
Chairman 
Auditing, Best Practice Lab, Communications, Corporate Development, 
Governance/Corporate Office, Investor Relations, Sustainability/ESG 
Chairman of the board of management, HDI Haftpflichtverband der Deutschen Industrie 
V. a. G., Hannover 
Caroline Schlienkamp 
Business Organisation, Legal/Compliance, Facility Management, Data Protection, Group 
Procurement, Human Resources 
Member of the board of management, HDI AG, Hannover 
Managing Director, Talanx Reinsurance Broker GmbH, Hannover 
Dr. Wilm Langenbach 
Retail International Division 
Chairman of the board of management, HDI International AG, Hannover 
Jean-Jacques Henchoz 
Reinsurance Division 
Chairman of the board of management, Hannover Rück SE, Hannover 
Dr. Edgar Puls 
Industrial Lines Division 
Reinsurance Captive 
Chairman of the board of management, HDI Global SE, Hannover 
Member of the board of management, HDI Haftpflichtverband der Deutschen Industrie 
V. a. G., Hannover 
Dr. Jan Martin Wicke 
Accounting, Collections, Controlling, Finance/Participating Interests/Real Estate, 
Investments, Reinsurance Procurement, Risk Management, Taxes, IT Security 
Member of the board of management, HDI Haftpflichtverband der Deutschen Industrie 
V. a. G., Hannover 
Jens Warkentin 
Retail Germany Division, Brand Management, Information Technology (without IT 
Security) 
Chairman of the Board of Management, HDI Deutschland AG, Hannover 
Member of the Board of Management, HDI Lebensversicherung AG, Köln 
Member of the Board of Management, HDI Versicherung AG, Hannover 
The Issuer has not been notified and has otherwise not been informed by any of the members of the Board of Management 
named above about any potential conflicts of interest between the obligations of the persons towards the Issuer and their own 
interests or other obligations. The business address of the members of the Board of Management is HDI-Platz 1, 30659 
Hannover, Germany.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board consists of 16 members. At present, it is made up as follows: 
Name 
Position within Supervisory 
Board 
Function 
within 
the 
Issuer 
Principal activities performed 
outside Talanx 
Herbert K Haas 
Chairman 
Hannover Re SE - Deputy 
Chairman of the supervisory 
board 
HDI Haftpflichtverband der 
Deutschen Industrie V.a.G – 
Chairman of the supervisory 
board 
Jutta Hammer 
Deputy Chairwoman 
Employee, HDI AG 
HDI AG – Deputy Chairwoman 
of the Supervisory Board 
Angela Titzrath 
Deputy Chairwoman 
Hamburger Hafen und Logistik 
AG – Chairwoman of the board 
of management 
Evonik AG – Member of the 
supervisory board 
HDI 
Haftpflichtverband 
der 
Deutschen Industrie V.a.G. – 
Deputy 
Chairwoman 
of 
the 
supervisory board 
Lufthansa AG – Member of the 
supervisory board 
Natalie Bani Ardalan 
Member 
Employee, Hannover 
Rück SE 
- 
Rainer-Karl Bock-
Wehr 
Member 
Employee, HDI AG 
- 
Dr. Joachim Brenk 
Member 
L. Possehl & Co. mbH – 
Chairman 
of 
the 
board 
of 
management 
Harburg-Freudenberger 
Maschinenbau 
GmbH 
– 
Chairman of the supervisory 
board 
Hako GmbH – Chairman of the 
supervisory board 
HDI Global SE – Member of the 
supervisory board 
HDI Haftpflichtverband der 
Deutschen Industrie V.a.G. – 
Member of the supervisory 
board 
Sebastian Gascard 
Member 
Employee, HDI AG 
- 
Dr. Christof Günther 
Member 
InfraLeuna GmbH, Managing 
Director 
HDI Haftpflichtverband der 
Deutschen Industrie V.a.G. –

--- Page 178 ---
178 
Member of the supervisory 
board 
Wohnungsgenossenschaft 
Aufbau e.G. – Member of the 
supervisory board 
Dr. Hermann Jung 
Member 
HDI Haftpflichtverband der 
Deutschen Industrie V.a.G – 
Member of the supervisory 
board 
Dachser Group SE & Co. KG – 
Member of the board of directors 
Dirk Lohmann 
Member 
Schroder Investment 
Management (Switzerland) AG – 
Vice-Chairman of Schroders 
Capital ILS 
Schroder Investment 
Management (Switzerland) AG – 
Member of the Administrative 
Board 
Zweigelt Holdings Ltd., 
Guernsey – Member of the 
Board of Directors 
Christoph Meister 
Member 
ver.di trade union - Member of 
the national executive board 
ver.di Bildung + Beratung 
gGmbH - Chairman of the 
supervisory board 
Vermögensverwaltung der 
Vereinten 
Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft 
(ver.di) GmbH – Chairman of 
the supervisory board 
ver.di GewerkschaftsPolitische 
Bildung gGmbH – Chairman of 
the supervisory board 
ver.di Service GmbH – Member 
of the supervisory board 
BGAG Beteiligungsgesellschaft 
der Gewerkschaften GmbH – 
Member of the advisory board 
Dr. Sandra Reich 
Member 
Independent Business Consultant 
for Sustainable Finance 
Aurubis AG – Member of the 
supervisory board 
GLS Bank – Member of the 
supervisory board 
Matthias Rickel 
Member 
Employee, HDI AG 
- 
Prof. Dr. Jens 
Schubert 
Member 
ver.di National Administration, 
Trade Union secretary

--- Page 179 ---
179 
Leuphana University of 
Luneburg – Extraordinary 
professorship for Labour Law 
and European Law 
HDI AG – Member of the 
supervisory board 
Schlecker e. K. – Member of the 
creditors' committee 
Schlecker XL GmbH – Member 
of the creditors' committee 
Patrick Seidel 
Member 
Employee, Hannover 
Rück SE 
E+S Rückversicherung AG – 
Member of the supervisory 
board 
Norbert Steiner 
Member 
HDI Haftpflichtverband der 
Deutschen Industrie V.a.G. – 
Member of the supervisory 
board 
The Issuer has not been notified and has otherwise not been informed by any of the members of the Supervisory Board named 
above about any potential conflicts of interest between the obligations of the persons towards the Issuer and their own interests 
or other obligations. The business address of the members of the Supervisory Board is HDI-Platz 1, 30659 Hannover, Germany. 
Financial Year and Annual General Meeting 
The financial year of the Issuer is the calendar year. 
In accordance with the articles of association of the Issuer, the annual general meeting of the Issuer takes place within the first 
eight months after the conclusion of each financial year. 
Independent Auditors 
The independent auditors of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 were PricewaterhouseCoopers 
GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Fuhrberger Straße 5, 30625 Hannover ("PwC"). PwC has also been appointed as 
auditor for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 and has reviewed the unaudited consolidated interim financial 
statements of the Issuer as of and for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024. PwC is a member of the German Chamber of 
Auditors (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer). 
Historical Financial Information 
The audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 
and 2022 and the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 
and 2022 and the independent auditor's report in respect of each year are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024, 
together with the review report thereon, are also incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Recent Events 
There were no recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of its solvency. 
Significant Changes 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of Talanx Group since 30 June 2024. 
Trend Information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
Issuer credit ratings 
Since 2019 Talanx AG has a credit rating 'A+'79 Issuer Credit Rating at S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). The 
rating was confirmed with a stable outlook on 22 August 2024. After upgrading in 2022 the Issuer Credit Rating for Talanx 
AG from 'a+' to 'aa-'80 A.M. Best (EU) Rating Services B.V. ("AM Best") confirmed the rating with a stable outlook on 
20 December 2023. 
S&P and AM Best are established in the European Community and are registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation").81
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal 
at any time by the relevant rating agency. 
79 
S&P defines "A" as follows: "An obligor rated 'A' has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse 
effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories." The S&P ratings from "AA" to "CCC" may be 
modified by the addition of a plus (+) or a minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories. 
80 
AM Best defines "aa" as follows: "Assigned to companies that have, in A.M. Best's opinion, a superior ability to meet their ongoing insurance obligations." 
The AM Best ratings from "aa" to "ccc" may be enhanced with "+" (plus) or "-" (minus) to indicate whether credit quality is near the top or bottom of a 
category. 
81 
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The 
European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Except as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used by the 
Issuer for general corporate purposes. 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme will be used to finance and/or refinance specified Eligible Green Projects in accordance with certain prescribed 
eligibility criteria set out in the Talanx Green Bond Framework (see section "Talanx Green Bond Framework" in this Base 
Prospectus). 
Neither the Talanx Green Bond Framework nor the Sustainalytics Opinion is incorporated into or forms part of this Base 
Prospectus. None of the Arranger, the Dealers, any of their respective affiliates or any other person mentioned in the Base 
Prospectus makes any representation as to the suitability of such Notes to fulfil environmental, social and/or sustainability 
criteria required by any prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any 
assessment of the Talanx Green Bond Framework or the Eligible Green Projects, any verification of whether any Eligible 
Green Project meets the criteria set out in the Talanx Green Bond Framework or the monitoring of the use of proceeds.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
TALANX GREEN BOND FRAMEWORK 
General 
In October 2021, Talanx Group82 established its Green Bond Framework in order to support its efforts to mobilise capital to 
finance or refinance assets and/or investments that contribute to Talanx's sustainability strategy, the EU's environmental 
objectives of climate change mitigation, and overarching national and international climate initiatives such as the European 
Green Deal and the German Climate Action Programme 2030. 
The Talanx Green Bond Framework is intended to be used to issue green instruments in a variety of formats, such as senior 
unsecured debt and subordinated debt which includes green bonds under the Programme ("Green Instruments"). 
Notes issued under the Programme will not qualify as "European Green Bonds". Any Tranche of Notes issued under this 
Programme and referred to as a Green Bond will only comply with the criteria and processes set out in the Talanx Green Bond 
Framework. 
Use of Proceeds 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the issuance of each Green Instrument may be used to finance or refinance, in 
whole or in part, green projects. The latter comprise a variety of assets, investments and/or expenditures, including equity 
investments in projects, project finance and loans ("Eligible Green Projects") made by the Talanx Group that promote climate, 
social and other environmental purposes. For the avoidance of doubt, this excludes any investments made in bond instruments 
other than project finance. In addition, only the share of projects attributable to Talanx's investment is counted. Eligible Green 
Projects are required to meet the eligibility criteria ("Eligibility Criteria") set out below. 
The Eligibility Criteria provide for the following categories of Eligible Green Projects: 
(i)
Renewable energy:
The financing, investment in or acquisition of renewable energy projects or related infrastructure in the areas 
of:  
o
Solar (PV); 
o
Concentrated solar power systems; and 
o
Onshore and offshore wind energy technologies.  
This includes activities relating to development, construction, expansion, operation and maintenance. 
(ii)
Green buildings:  
o
The financing of or investment in residential and commercial buildings located in Germany, built before 
31 December 2020 with an energy performance complying with the EnEV83 2014 (i.e. in the top 15% of 
German building stock). 
o
In the case of buildings built after 1 January 2021, the primary energy demand (PED) must be at least 10% 
lower than the threshold for the applicable nearly zero energy building requirement. 
o
Renovation of buildings that have led to a reduction of primary energy demand of at least 30%. 
Process for Project Evaluation & Selection 
The Talanx Group has established a Green Bond Committee (the "Committee") to select and evaluate assets/investments that 
comply with the Eligibility Criteria. The Committee meets at least once every six months and reports to the Responsible 
Investment Committee ("RIC"). The Chief Finance Officer (CFO) heads the Committee and it comprises representatives of 
82 
In the context of the Talanx Green Bond Framework, the term "Talanx Group", the "Group" or "Talanx Group" does not include Hannover Re SE and its 
subsidiaries. This is because Hannover Re SE publishes its own sustainability report and is therefore not covered by the Talanx Group's sustainability 
strategy and goals. 
83 
German Energy Saving Ordinance (Energieeinsparverordnung).

--- Page 183 ---
183 
the following departments: Chief Investment Office (CIO), Ampega Portfolio Management, Talanx Controlling/Finance and 
Talanx Legal. 
The Committee's main responsibilities include the following: (i) to review assets/investments and evaluate whether they 
comply with the Eligibility Criteria, and whether they can be classified as Eligible Green Projects, (ii) to monitor the portfolio 
of Eligible Green Projects over the entire term of the outstanding Green Instruments, (iii) to manage any future updates to the 
Talanx Green Bond Framework and (iv) to coordinate and produce allocation and impact reports. 
The process for project evaluation and selection is as follows: 

All relevant internal departments at Ampega Asset Management GmbH preselect assets/investments and identify 
those that potentially comply with the Eligibility Criteria.  

The preselected assets/investments are checked, validated and approved for investment by Ampega Asset 
Management GmbH's Transaction Committee as part of the standard investment process.  

The preselected assets/investments are then submitted to the Committee, which is responsible for evaluating whether 
they qualify as Eligible Green Projects and can be added to the portfolio. In other words, the Committee is ultimately 
responsible for allocating the proceeds. It is also solely responsible for the decision to classify submitted 
assets/investments as "green" and for verifying whether they qualify as Eligible Green Projects.  

The Committee monitors the portfolio of Eligible Green Projects throughout the entire term of the Green Instruments. 
It can replace portfolio assets/investments if the underlying assets no longer meet the Eligibility Criteria. 
"Do no significant harm" and minimum social safeguards 
Talanx monitors climate (physical) risks as part of its Group-wide risk management process. Climate and sustainability 
considerations are also taken into account during underwriting and asset management decisions.  
In line with Talanx's internal due diligence process, all potential Eligible Green Projects must comply first of all with 
environmental and social laws and regulations, and with Talanx's internal policies and standards. Compliance with national 
laws is also a prerequisite under the Talanx Code of Conduct. Additionally, all Eligible Green Projects are located within the 
EU or in Norway, and therefore comply with a wide range of national, environmental and social requirements. 
Talanx also has Group-wide exclusion policies in place for its own liquid investment portfolio of corporate bonds and equities. 
These include, but are not limited to: Global Compact violations, controversial weapons, issuers that derive 10% or more of 
their revenue from coal-fired power generation or thermal coal extraction, issuers that generate 25% or more of their revenues 
from oil production or transportation (upstream/midstream), issuers who generate 25% or more of their revenues from the 
fracking of shale gas and/or oil, issuers that derive 5% or more of their revenues from offshore oil and gas extraction within 
the Arctic Circle (66° 34' N), as well as issuers that generate more than 25% of their revenue and production from oil sands. 
Investments in renewable energy projects and real estate assets are required to satisfy detailed exclusion criteria including, but 
not limited to, nuclear power, controversial activities and a high environmental impact. 
Compliance with national, EU and international environmental and social standards (including the ILO Core Labour 
Conventions84 and the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights) aims to ensure that Talanx meets 
the "do no significant harm" criteria and the minimum social safeguards specified under the EU Taxonomy Regulation. A full 
assessment and confirmation of Talanx's compliance with the EU Taxonomy Regulation has been supplied by the Second 
Party Opinion provider. 
Management of Proceeds 
Talanx will manage an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of its issued Green Instruments on a portfolio basis. The 
Committee aims to allocate an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of these instruments to a portfolio of Eligible Green 
Projects for as long as the Green Instruments are outstanding. The Committee will strive to allocate all proceeds from Green 
Instruments within 24 months of issuance. Specific projects that are divested or discontinued, or that no longer meet the 
84 
The eleven fundamental instruments are: Freedom of Association and Protection of the Right to Organise Convention, 1948 (No. 87), Right to Organise and 
Collective Bargaining Convention, 1949 (No. 98), Forced Labour Convention, 1930 (No. 29) (and its 2014 Protocol), Abolition of Forced Labour Convention, 
1957 (No. 105), Equal Remuneration Convention, 1951 (No. 100), Discrimination (Employment and Occupation) Convention, 1958 (No. 111), Minimum 
Age Convention, 1973 (No. 138), Worst Forms of Child Labour Convention, 1999 (No. 182), Occupational Safety and Health Convention, 1981 (No. 155) 
and Promotional Framework for Occupational Safety and Health Convention, 2006 (No. 187).

--- Page 184 ---
184 
definition of Eligible Green Projects, will be removed from the portfolio of Eligible Green Projects. In this case the Committee 
will strive to replace the project with other Eligible Green Projects as soon as reasonably practicable. Talanx aims to ensure 
that the total volume of issued Green Instruments does not exceed the value of the portfolio of Eligible Green Projects.  
Pending the allocation of the proceeds of issued Green Instruments to the portfolio of Eligible Green Projects, or in cases in 
which insufficient Eligible Green Projects are available, the Committee will inform the RIC, which will be responsible for 
investing the unallocated amount in third-party green bonds, subject to availability, or in cash and cash equivalents.  
The RIC will review and approve the management and allocation of the proceeds of issued Green Instruments to Eligible 
Green Projects at least every six months until all the proceeds of issued Green Instruments have been allocated. 
Reporting 
Talanx will provide investors with a report on the allocation of the proceeds of issued Green Instruments to its portfolio of 
Eligible Green Projects on an annual basis until allocation is complete, and thereafter in the case of significant changes.  
Furthermore, Talanx intends to produce and ensure ready access to an annual report on the output and environmental impact 
of the portfolio of Eligible Green Projects to which the proceeds of issued Green Instruments have been allocated until 
allocation is complete. 
External Review / Second Party Opinion 
Talanx intends to appoint one or more external verifiers to provide pre-issuance and post-issuance verifications.  
The pre-issuance verification (second party opinion) verifies alignment of the Green Instruments with one or more appropriate 
standards on the green bond market (such as the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021, the EU Green Bond Standard or other 
similar standards as applicable and as selected by the Issuer). Sustainalytics was appointed as second party opinion provider 
and assessed alignment of the Talanx Green Bond Framework with the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021 as well as 
compliance with the EU Taxonomy. The related Sustainalytics Opinion was issued on 4 October 2021. 
The post-issuance verification provides assurance in relation to the allocation reporting once proceeds from the issuance of 
Green Instruments have been allocated in full to Eligible Green Projects. Talanx intends to appoint either an external consultant 
or an auditor to provide a limited assurance review of the allocation of proceeds. 
Important Notice 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Talanx Green Bond Framework, any second party opinion, any sustainability report 
or any report issued by an external verifier are, and none shall be deemed to be, incorporated by reference into or form a part 
of this Base Prospectus. Please refer to the section "Risk Factors" above for further information regarding risks associated with 
green bonds.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
TAXATION WARNING 
The tax legislation of the state of residence of a prospective purchaser of Notes and the Issuer's country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, 
ownership and disposition of the Notes.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Underwriting 
The Notes may be issued on a continuous basis to one or more of the Dealers and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. Notes may 
be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Issuer and the Dealers have entered into an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 29 August 2024 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") which sets out, inter alia, the arrangements under which Notes, issued under the Programme, may from time to 
time be agreed to be purchased by any one or more Dealers from the Issuer. Any such agreement will, inter alia, contain 
provisions dealing with the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be 
purchased by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or any other agreed deductibles payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect 
of such purchase. 
Further, the Dealer Agreement provides for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche 
of Notes. A subscription agreement prepared in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes will typically be dated on or about 
the date of the relevant Final Terms applicable to such Tranche of Notes. 
Method for determining the issue price and the process for its disclosure 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, 
sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer 
shall have any responsibility therefore. 
United States of America (the "United States") 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S") or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. Each Dealer has represented 
and agreed that it has offered and sold any Notes, and will offer and sell any Notes, (i) as part of its distribution at any time 
and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and closing date, only in accordance with 
Rule 903 of Regulation S. Accordingly, neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or 
will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note, and it and they have complied and will comply with the 
offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Each Dealer has also agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of any sale of 
Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that 
purchases Notes from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
"The securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") 
and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part 
of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and 
the closing date, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act." 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with any 
distributor (as that term is defined in Regulation S) with respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes, except with its affiliates 
or with the prior written consent of the Issuer.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
For Notes which are subject to TEFRA D, the following shall apply:
Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D 
Rules") (or, any successor rules in substantially the same form as D Rules, as applicable, for purposes of Section 4701 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the 40 day restricted 
period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, and (ii) such Dealer has not delivered and will not deliver within the United States or its 
possessions Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its 
employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that such Notes may not be offered 
or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of resale in 
connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains Notes for its own account, it will only do so 
in accordance with the requirements of the D Rules; 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of offering or selling such 
Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) repeats and confirms the representations and 
agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) on such affiliate's behalf or (y) agrees that it will obtain 
from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), 
(ii) and (iii). 
Terms used in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations 
thereunder, including the D Rules. 
For Notes which are subject to TEFRA C, the following shall apply: 
Under United States Treasury Regulation §.1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules"), Notes in bearer form must be issued and 
delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their original issuance by an issuer that (directly or 
indirectly through its agents) does not significantly engage in interstate commerce with respect to the issuance. Each Dealer 
has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and shall not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, 
Notes in bearer form within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, in 
connection with the original issuance of Notes in bearer form, each Dealer has represented that it has not communicated, and 
shall not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either such purchaser or such Dealer is within the 
United States or its possession or otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of Notes in bearer form. Terms used in 
this paragraph have meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder, including 
the C Rules. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any

--- Page 188 ---
188 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, the expression retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 
of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that 
the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 
1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that 
this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (1) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Future Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or 
(2) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Canada 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that 
no prospectus has been filed with any securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada in connection with the 
offer and sale of the Notes, the Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or 
any province or territory thereof and no securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed or in 
any way passed upon this Base Prospectus or the merits of the Notes and any representation to the contrary is an offence. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or distributed and will not offer, sell or distribute any Notes, directly 
or indirectly, in Canada or to or for the benefit of any resident of Canada, other than in compliance with applicable securities 
laws and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing:

--- Page 189 ---
189 
(a) 
any offer or sale of the Notes in Canada will be made only to only to purchasers that are "accredited investors" 
(as such term is defined in section 1.1 of National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions ("NI 45-106") 
or, in Ontario, as such term is defined in section 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)), that are also "permitted 
clients" (as such term is defined in section 1.1 of National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations), that are purchasing as principal, or are deemed to be 
purchasing as principal in accordance with applicable Canadian securities laws, and that are not a person 
created or used solely to purchase or hold the Notes as an "accredited investor" as described in paragraph (m) 
of the definition of "accredited investor" in section 1.1 of NI 45-106; 
(b) 
it is either (I) appropriately registered under applicable Canadian securities laws in each relevant province or 
territory to sell and deliver the Notes, (II) such sale and delivery will be made through an affiliate of it that is 
so registered if the affiliate is registered in a category that permits such sale and has agreed to make such sale 
and delivery in compliance with the representations, warranties and agreements set out herein, or (III) it is 
relying on an exemption from the dealer registration requirements under applicable Canadian securities laws 
and has complied with the requirements of that exemption; and 
(c) 
it has not and will not distribute or deliver any "offering memorandum" (as defined in relevant Canadian 
securities laws) in connection with any offering of the Notes in Canada or to a resident of Canada except in 
compliance with applicable Canadian securities laws.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Supplements to this Base Prospectus 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Interests of the Dealers 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of Talanx and its affiliates. In 
addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for Talanx and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Furthermore, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array 
of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities 
may involve securities and/or instruments of Talanx or Talanx's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a 
lending relationship with Talanx routinely hedge their credit exposure to Talanx consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions, 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under 
the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Interests of persons involved in a specific issue of Notes under the Programme will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Management (Vorstand) of the Issuer 
dated 13 April 2018. The increase of the Programme amount to EUR 5,000,000,000 was authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Management (Vorstand) of the Issuer on 28 February 2023. 
The dates of the respective resolutions by the governing bodies of Issuer regarding the issuance of a series of Notes are set out 
in each Final Terms. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes will be accepted for clearance through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
These systems will include those operated by Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855, Luxembourg ("CBL") and Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany ("CBF"). The appropriate German 
securities number ("WKN") (if any), the Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") and 
(where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes denominated in euro or, as the case may be, such other currency recognised from time to time for the purposes of eligible 
collateral for the Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, may be intended to be held 
in a manner, which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Such intention will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. These Notes 
will initially be deposited upon issue with in the case of (i) a global note CBF or (ii) issued in a form compliant with the new 
global note structure for international bearer debt securities and will be kept in safe custody with a common safekeeper 
("CSK") for Euroclear or CBL. Such deposition does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
If Notes will be issued in the new global note structure this will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 5299006ZIILJ6VJVSJ32.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
Documents Available 
For a period of ten years from the date of this Base Prospectus or as long as any Notes issued under this Programme are 
outstanding, electronic versions of the following documents are available on the website of the Issuer: 
(i) 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
and 
any 
supplement 
to 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
(hyperlink: 
"https://www.talanx.com/de/investor_relations/creditor_relations/anleihen/emtn_programm"); 
(ii) 
the articles of incorporation (with an English translation where applicable) of the Issuer (hyperlink: 
"https://www.talanx.com/media/Files/talanx-gruppe/pdf/Talanx_Satzung_DE_2024-05_WEB.pdf");
(iii) 
the 
Talanx 
Green 
Bond 
Framework 
dated 
October 
2021 
(hyperlink: 
"https://www.talanx.com/media/Files/investor-relations/pdf/anleihen/Talanx-Green-Bond-Framework-
v09_11_2021.pdf"); 
(iv) 
the Sustainalytics Opinion dated 4 October 2021 in relation to the Talanx Green Bond Framework (hyperlink: 
"https://www.talanx.com/media/Files/investor-relations/pdf/nachhaltigkeit/Talanx-Green-Bond-Framework-
Second-Party-Opinion.pdf"); and 
(v) 
the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (hyperlinks set out in the section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). 
This Base Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). In case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange, the 
Final 
Terms 
are 
displayed 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Talanx 
Aktiengesellschaft 
(hyperlink: 
"https://www.talanx.com/de/investor_relations/creditor_relations/anleihen"). 
In addition, electronic versions of the contracts relating to a joint representative of the Noteholders of a Series of Notes pursuant 
to § 11(6) of the Terms and Conditions, where applicable, will be made available on the Issuer's website. 
Third Party Information: 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms that any 
such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading and (ii) neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has independently verified any such information and neither 
the Issuer nor any Dealer accepts any responsibility for the accuracy thereof.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The pages specified below of the following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously 
with this Base Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF, are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus: 
(i)
Annual Report 2023 of Talanx Group (the "Group Annual Report 2023"), containing the English language 
translation of the respective German language audited consolidated financial statements of Talanx Group as of 
and for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 and the German language independent auditor's report 
(Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) in respect thereof; 
(ii)
Annual Report 2022 of Talanx Group (the "Group Annual Report 2022"), containing the English language 
translation of the respective German language audited consolidated financial statements of Talanx Group as of 
and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and the German language independent auditor's report 
(Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) in respect thereof; 
(iii)
Annual Report 2023 of Talanx AG (the "Annual Report 2023"), containing the English language translation 
of the respective German language audited unconsolidated financial statements of Talanx AG as of and for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2023 and the German language independent auditor's report 
(Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) in respect thereof; 
(iv)
Annual Report 2022 of Talanx AG (the "Annual Report 2022"), containing the English language translation 
of the respective German language audited unconsolidated financial statements of Talanx AG as of and for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022 and the German language independent auditor's report 
(Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) in respect thereof; 
(v) 
Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements of Talanx Group as of and for the six-month period ended 
30 June 2024 (the "Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements H1 2024"); 
(vi) 
Extract from the base prospectus of Talanx AG relating to the EUR 3,000,000,000 debt issuance programme 
dated 31 May 2022 (the "Base Prospectus 2022") and 
(vii) 
Extract from the base prospectus of Talanx AG relating to the EUR 5,000,000,000 debt issuance programme 
dated 28 August 2023 (the "Base Prospectus 2023"). 
The non-incorporated parts of such documents, i.e. the pages not listed in the tables below, are either not relevant for the 
investor or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
(i) 
Extracted from: Talanx Group – Annual Report 2023 
Consolidated balance sheet ................................................................................................... 
pages 146 - 147 
Consolidated statement of income ........................................................................................ 
page 148 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income ............................................................... 
page 149 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity ........................................................................ 
pages 150 - 153 
Consolidated cash flow statement ......................................................................................... 
page 154 
Notes ..................................................................................................................................... 
pages 155 - 329 
Independent auditor's report .................................................................................................. 
pages 330 - 337 
(ii) 
Extracted from: Talanx Group – Annual Report 2022 
Consolidated balance sheet ................................................................................................... 
pages 144 - 145 
Consolidated statement of income ........................................................................................ 
page 146 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income ............................................................... 
page 147 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity ........................................................................ 
pages 148 - 149 
Consolidated cash flow statement ......................................................................................... 
page 150 
Notes ..................................................................................................................................... 
pages 151 - 255 
Independent auditor's report .................................................................................................. 
pages 256 - 263

--- Page 193 ---
193 
(iii) 
Extracted from: Talanx AG – Annual Report 2023 
Balance sheet ........................................................................................................................ 
pages 8 - 9 
Statement of income ............................................................................................................. 
pages 10 - 11 
Notes ..................................................................................................................................... 
pages 12 - 37 
Independent auditor's report .................................................................................................. 
pages 38 - 42 
(iv) 
Extracted from: Talanx AG – Annual Report 2022 
Balance sheet ........................................................................................................................ 
pages 12 - 13 
Statement of income ............................................................................................................. 
pages 14 - 15 
Notes ..................................................................................................................................... 
pages 16 - 37 
Independent auditor's report .................................................................................................. 
pages 38 - 42 
(v) 
Extracted from: Talanx Group – Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements H1 2024 
Consolidated balance sheet ................................................................................................... 
pages 26 – 27 
Consolidated statement of income 
page 28 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income ............................................................... 
page 29 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity ........................................................................ 
pages 30 – 33 
Consolidated cash flow statement ......................................................................................... 
page 34 
Notes ..................................................................................................................................... 
pages 35 – 67 
Review report ........................................................................................................................ 
page 68 
(vi)
Extracted from: Base Prospectus 2022 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ....................................................................................... 
pages 37 - 122 
(vii)
Extracted from: Base Prospectus 2023 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ....................................................................................... 
pages 37 - 143 
All of these pages shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference into, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from the registered 
office of the Issuer and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Electronic versions of the documents incorporated by reference are also available on the website of the Issuer 
(www.talanx.com) and can be accessed by using the following hyperlinks: 
1. 
Talanx Group – Annual Report 2023: 
https://www.talanx.com/media/Files/investor-relations/pdf/ergebnisse/2023/FY/2023_tx_konzern_en.pdf 
2. 
Talanx Group – Annual Report 2022: 
https://www.talanx.com/media/Files/2022_tx_konzern_annual-report_en-2.pdf
3. 
Talanx AG – Annual Report 2023: 
https://www.talanx.com/media/Files/investor-
relations/pdf/geschaeftsberichte/Gesch%C3%A4ftsberichte/Talanx-AG/2023_talanx_ag_en_new.pdf

--- Page 194 ---
194 
4. 
Talanx AG – Annual Report 2022: 
https://www.talanx.com/media/Files/investor-
relations/pdf/geschaeftsberichte/Gesch%C3%A4ftsberichte/Talanx-AG/2022_talanx_ag_en.pdf 
5. 
Talanx Group – Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements H1 2024: 
https://www.talanx.com/media/Files/investor-relations/pdf/ergebnisse/2024/Q2/2024_tx_q2_en.pdf 
6. 
Base Prospectus 2022: 
https://www.talanx.com/media/Files/investor-relations/pdf/anleihen/emtn/A47614469-v11-0Talanx-DIP-
2022_Base-Prospectus_approved.pdf 
7. 
Base Prospectus 2023: 
https://www.talanx.com/media/Files/investor-relations/pdf/anleihen/emtn/Talanx_EMTN_Base-
Prospectus_2023-08-28.pdf

--- Page 195 ---
195 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
ISSUER 
Talanx Aktiengesellschaft
HDI-Platz 1 
30659 Hannover 
Federal Republic of Germany 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
NatWest Markets N.V.
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Fuhrberger Straße 5 
30625 Hannover 
Federal Republic of Germany 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
To the Issuer as to German law 
To the Dealers as to German law 
Linklaters LLP
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Simmons & Simmons LLP
Messe Turm 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 49 
60308 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany